per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Thom Yorke	Radiohead	Thom Yorke of Radiohead has included the + for many of his signature distortion sounds using a variety of guitars to achieve various tonal options .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Leland High School	San Jose	Leland High School is a public high school located in the Almaden Valley in San Jose California USA in the San Jose Unified School District .
org:members(e2,e1)	Ohio University	NCAA	The 2008 Ohio Bobcats football team represented Ohio University during the 2008 NCAA Division I FBS football season .
org:founded_by(e1,e2)	Holy Cross High School	Congregation of Holy Cross	Holy Cross High School is a Catholic secondary school founded in Waterbury Connecticut in 1968 by the Congregation of Holy Cross .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Democratic	Bill Gwatney	Hastings was unable to confirm news reports that the victim was the state's Democratic Party chairman Bill Gwatney .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Tunisia	Tunisair	Tunisia 's flag carrier Tunisair scored 60 million Tunisian dinars ( 41.15 million US dollars ) in net income in 2009 despite world economic downturn which badly hit air transport industry the company said on Friday .
org:members(e1,e2)	RTS	Gazprom	Of the major RTS losers the state retail-banking giant Sberbank shed 15.19 percent to close at 1.15 dollars while Gazprom lost 10.00 percent to finish at 4.68 dollars and Norilsk Nickel was down 11.11 percent at 64.00 dollars .
org:founded_by(e1,e2)	La Salle High School	Christian Brothers	De La Salle High School was founded by the Christian Brothers .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	University of Southern California	USC University Hospital	The present-day LAC+USC complex is adjacent to the University of Southern California Health Sciences Campus which includes the USC Keck School of Medicine USC School of Pharmacy USC University Hospital and the USC Norris Comprehensive Cancer Center and Hospital .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Mitch McConnell	Kentucky	Voting against the motion to end the debate were 15 Democrats one Independent and 37 Republicans including the minority leader Mitch McConnell of Kentucky .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Woods	Arizona	Dominguez was not hotheaded said Woods a former Arizona attorney general .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Guyana	Bharrat Jagdeo	On Wednesday Guyana 's President Bharrat Jagdeo publicly questioned why it's taking so long to get its first installment of funds under a $ 250 million forest conservation agreement with Norway .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Navy	Donald C. Winter	The final decision on rank which will be made by Navy Secretary Donald C. Winter will affect Stufflebeem's retirement pay .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	Jean Charest	Sherbrooke	Jean Charest in Sherbrooke Quebec was one of two Progressive Conservatives left in Parliament and became party leader .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	Devon Energy	Oklahoma City	Other leaseholders in the region include Chevron Irving-based Exxon Mobil Devon Energy of Oklahoma City and Anadarko Petroleum in The Woodlands .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Marilyn Churley	Ontario	The winner was Marilyn Churley of the Ontario New Democratic Party .
no_relation	The National	New York	The National Football League's New York Giants and New York Jets for example both compete in New Jersey but retain the New York nickname .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Australia	Callea	On 30 March 2007 Michael Kirby then a judge of the High Court of Australia described Callea as an admirable Australian for coming out .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Oklahoma	Oklahoma City Community College	For the past 3 years the deadCENTER Education program has reached thousands of students around the state partnering with the Chickasaw Nation the Oklahoma Film and Music Office and Oklahoma City Community College to inspire the next generation of filmmakers .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	State	William L. Marcy	In this capacity he attracted attention by wearing at the court of Napoleon III a simple diplomatic uniform ( for this he was rebuked by U.S. Secretary of State William L. Marcy who had ordered American ministers to wear a plain civilian costume ) and by joining with James Buchanan and Pierre ministers to Great Britain and Spain respectively in drawing up ( October 1854 ) the famous Ostend Manifesto .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Shahjalal University of Science and Technology	Sylhet	Shahjalal University of Science and Technology at Sylhet was named after Hazrat Shah Jalal ( R ) .
per:title(e2,e1)	lyricist	Irving Berlin	She married again on 24 October 1918 to Broadway producer and lyricist E. Ray Goetz who produced many of her Broadway shows ( and whose sister Dorothy Goetz was Irving Berlin 's first wife ) but they divorced in 1929 .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Columbia	Bob Dylan	Less than two weeks later on April 24 he recorded two takes of the song at Columbia 's Studio A one of which was selected for the album Freewheelin ' Bob Dylan .
org:top_members/employees(e2,e1)	he	Phonak	In October 2004 he joined Phonak together with Miguel Perdiguero from Saunier Duval and Hugo and Floyd Landis from Discovery Channel-Berry Floor .
per:title(e1,e2)	Al Sharpton	minister	Al Sharpton 's lawyers say a federal probe of the minister 's finances has cleared him of any criminal wrongdoing .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Algeria	Ahmed Ben Bella	Except for Algeria 's first president in 1962 Ahmed Ben Bella appointed then ousted by the army Bouteflika has been the country's only civilian leader .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Erik Segerstedt	Sony BMG	Runner-up Erik Segerstedt also signed with Sony BMG and released his first album A Different Shade in February 2007 .
org:founded(e1,e2)	Timeless Books	1978	Sivananda Radha formed the Timeless Books http://www.timeless.org/book.html imprint in 1978 and wrote many books of yoga including Kundalini Yoga for the West Hatha Yoga : The Hidden Language The Divine Light Invocation and Mantras : Words of Power .
org:alternate_names(e1,e2)	Southern African Clothing and Textile Workers Union	SACTWU	The Southern African Clothing and Textile Workers Union ( SACTWU ) is the biggest union in the clothing textile and leather industry with more than 100 000 members .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	USA	Liberty University	He moved to the USA in 1992 to pursue his dream of running at the NCAA Division I level at Liberty University .
per:title(e2,e1)	Interior	Giuliano Amato	Interior Minister Giuliano Amato told lawmakers on Tuesday that more arrests were likely in Rome after police identify rioters .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Angola	Agostinho Neto	The delegation will also lay a wreath on the monument of the Angola 's first president Antonio Agostinho Neto at the Independence Square in the capital as well as pay tribute to the Cuban heroes who died in Angola's civil war in Kwanza Sul province .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	US Airways Group	PSA Airlines	Some CRJ flying was done by MidAtlantic as early as 2002 but those airplanes eventually went the US Airways Group subsidiary PSA Airlines .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Smith College	Massachusetts	King was a 1976 graduate of Smith College in Northampton Massachusetts where she majored in theater and Afro-American studies .
per:spouse(e1,e2)	Kimberly Williams-Paisley	Brad Paisley	The show was broadcast live on ABC and was hosted by James Denton of Desperate Housewives Kate Walsh of Private Practice and Kimberly Williams-Paisley -- Brad Paisley 's wife -- of According to Jim .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Ayaka	Japan	Both Ayaka and her husband left their agency and Ayaka's contract with Warner Music Japan ended in March .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Iceland	Geir Haarde	But Iceland 's prime minister at the time Geir Haarde blasted the move as an unfriendly act and blamed the decision for inspiring panic that led to the subsequent collapse of another of the country's three major banks .
org:members(e2,e1)	Baylor Bears	Baylor University	The Baylor Bears football team represents Baylor University in Division I FBS college football .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e2,e1)	California	E-40	Droop-E ( born Earl Stevens Jr. ; February 18 1988 in Vallejo California ) is a member of the production team The Pharmaceuticals and the son of Bay Area rapper E-40 .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Moore	England	Moore 's sense of England emerging undefeated from siege led to his focus on pieces characterised by endurance and continuity .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Thailand	Thammasat University	jpg | thumb | right | 300px | Thai Rath front page 1 March 2012 on which include the following reports : The King and Queen of Thailand received the Duke of York ; Worachet Phakhirat associate professor of the Faculty of Law Thammasat University was attacked inside the Faculty by two men disagreeing with Phakhirat's proposal to amend the Criminal Code section 112 or the lese majeste law ; The For Thais Party is to amend the Constitution by dissolving the Administrative Courts and other independent agencies including the Election Commission ; Lana O'Connell Australian swimsuit model was crashed to death and found to have failed to wear a helmet .
org:founded_by(e1,e2)	Gome	Huang Guangyu	Gome 's rapid expansion has made its founder Huang Guangyu one of China's richest entrepreneurs with a fortune estimated last year by Forbes magazine at US$ 2.3 billion .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Iran	Sadeq Hedayat	Ahmadzadeh also provided the research for Conversation with the Shadow ( Goft-o Goo ba Sayeh ( directed in 2006 by Khosrow Sinai ) a study of one of Iran greatest writers Sadeq Hedayat .
org:top_members/employees(e1,e2)	Ford	Henry	Ford was admittedly plagued by deficient management at the time and Henry Ford II chairman of the board sent the 10 into every department to study operations and make recommendations .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Trinidad and Tobago national football team	Trinidad and Tobago	The Trinidad and Tobago national football team nicknamed The Soca Warriors is the national team of Trinidad and Tobago and is run by the Trinidad and Tobago Football Federation ( TTFF ) and competes in CONCACAF ( the Confederation of North Central American and Caribbean Association Football ) .
org:alternate_names(e2,e1)	Washington	Jefferson College	It was founded in 1874 at Washington Jefferson College in Washington Pennsylvania when a chapter of Iota Alpha Kappa resolved to continue after Iota Alpha Kappa's dissolution .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Kentucky	Mitch McConnell	In Kentucky Mitch McConnell the Senate minority leader intended to take nothing for granted when it came to keeping the Republicans ' hold on a Senate seat that's up for grabs this year .
org:founded_by(e1,e2)	NetObjects	Samir Arora	NetObjects Inc. is a software company founded in 1995 by Samir Arora David Kleinberg Clement Mok and Sal Arora .
no_relation	Taney	United States	The Taney had arrived in the Pacific at a time when the United States and Pan-American Airways in particular was expanding its commercial air travel capabilities .
no_relation	Robert Clifford	Comair	When all of this material is released it refreshes the memories of these family members about Aug. 27 -- and does so in a very stressful way said Chicago attorney Robert Clifford who is representing several families in lawsuits against Comair .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Young Buck	G-Unit	On September 13 2010 an interview with Shade 45 radio host Angela Yee 50 Cent stated that Young Buck is still signed to G-Unit Records .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Metropolitan State College of Denver	Denver	Conner also taught writing and tutored students at Metropolitan State College of Denver and the Community College of Denver .
per:title(e1,e2)	Fernando Trueba	screenwriter	Fernando Trueba ( born 18 January 1955 in Madrid ) is a Spanish book editor screenwriter film director and producer .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Russell Investments	Tacoma	An economic setback for the city occurred in September 2009 when Russell Investments which has been located in downtown Tacoma since its inception in 1936 announced it was moving its headquarters to Seattle along with several hundred white collar jobs .
no_relation	Dead Sea	Peace Valley	This proposal has a role in plans to create institutions for economic cooperation between Israelis Jordanians and Palestinians in the Dead Sea and through the Peace Valley plan .
org:founded(e1,e2)	2ZY Orchestra	1922	The 2ZY Orchestra was formed in 1922 for a Manchester radio station of the same name .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Tom Bradley	California	How many of those yakkers really know about the Bradley effect 1.0 the original back in 1982 when Tom Bradley the black mayor of Los Angeles -- whom polls put ahead of his rival for California governor right up to voting day -- lost by barely votes out of 7.5 million cast ?
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	George Washington	Continental Army	The handwritten speech George Washington held as he resigned from the Continental Army in 1783 was unveiled during a special Presidents Day ceremony celebrating Maryland's acquisition of the document .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Australia	Australian Securities and Investments Commission	In Australia Part 2E of the Corporations Act 2001 requires that publicly traded companies file certain documents relating to their annual general meeting with the Australian Securities and Investments Commission while there is no similar requirement for privately held companies .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Zambia	Levy Mwanawasa	Supporters of the school included the late President of the Republic of Zambia Dr Levy Mwanawasa whose children attended Chengelo The school's history and concept of Christian Education as well as the statement for the vision of the School are all available on the Chengelo School Website .
no_relation	Daimler	1998	U.S. prosecutors accused key executives of Daimler Daimler subsidiaries and Daimler affiliates of illegally showering foreign officials with money and gifts between 1998 and 2008 to secure government contracts around the world .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Health	Chua Soi Lek	Health Minister Chua Soi Lek said he had apologised to Abdullah for his actions but would not step down over the incident leaving his fate to the prime minister the state news agency Bernama said .
no_relation	Marilyn Manson	Nothing Records	Prior to the founding of the label Marilyn Manson was signed to long-time record label Interscope Records whom under which the band had been with the label's subsidiary Nothing Records since their debut album Portrait of an American Family and released two further albums under Interscope following Nothing's dissolution in 2004 .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	He	Quebec	He was the 18th Premier of Quebec but held office for only six months until the June 1960 election which he lost to Jean Lesage and the Quebec Liberal Party .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Bank of Canada	Canada	Policy-makers and regulators including the Bank of Canada must continue their work to ensure Canada has a resilient secure financial system that enhances the economic and financial welfare of all Canadians said the governor .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Volkswagen	Wolfsburg	Manufacture began in the winter of 2007 at Volkswagen 's 2001-2009 subsidiary Auto 5000 ( an experimental company-within-a-company ) in Wolfsburg and continued subsequently under the company's standard contract arrangements at Wolfsburg and in Kaluga Russia .
per:spouse(e1,e2)	Catherine of Valois	Henry	Edmund Tudor was born either at Much Hadham Palace in Hertfordshire or at Hadham in Bedfordshire an older son of Owen Tudor and Catherine of Valois ( widow of King Henry V of England ) .
org:top_members/employees(e2,e1)	Dawn Hicks	University of South Alabama	In Mobile Dawn Hicks manager of telemedicine programs at the University of South Alabama hospital set up the video conferencing equipment for Freedom Calls that was used by the Matthews couple .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Yasuo Fukuda	Japan	On 26 September 2007 Abe officially ended his term as Yasuo Fukuda became the new Prime Minister of Japan .
org:founded_by(e2,e1)	Eduard Limonov	National Bolshevik Party	After graduating from Harvard with a PhD Verbitsky moved to Russia and became a close associate ( though not a member ) of Eduard Limonov 's National Bolshevik Party .
no_relation	University of Wales	Oxford	The brochure produced for the opening ceremony noted that the number of science students at the college had increased rapidly in recent years and that provision of college laboratories would assist the tuition of undergraduates as well as attracting to Jesus College graduates of the University of Wales who wished to continue their research at Oxford .
org:top_members/employees(e1,e2)	Canadian Alliance	Stockwell Day	She married Logan Day son of former Canadian Alliance leader Stockwell Day in 1999 .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Aeroflot-Nord	Arkhangelsk	JSC Nordavia ( ) formerly known as Aeroflot-Nord ( ) is an airline with its head office on the grounds of Talagi Airport in Arkhangelsk Russia .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Sri Lanka	Ceylinco Consolidated	Seylan Bank PLC is a publicly owned Commercial Bank in Sri Lanka which was owned by the Ceylinco Consolidated .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	BMW	Mini	Deliveries of BMW Mini and Rolls-Royce automobiles gained 0.7 percent from the figure in the same month a year earlier to vehicles a statement said .
per:spouse(e2,e1)	Bill Clinton	Hillary Rodham Clinton	The county is also home to the former President Bill Clinton and Secretary of State Hillary Rodham Clinton who live in Chappaqua .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	South Dakota State University	Brookings	Wenona Hall and Wecota Hall at South Dakota State University in Brookings South Dakota were built in 1915 .
per:cities_of_residence(e2,e1)	Meherazad	Eruch Jessawala	For example in 1954 it was read aloud in Baba's presence by his disciple William Donkin with the following prelude : In an interview by Tim Owens at Meherazad in 1980 Eruch Jessawala described the process of translating prayers by Baba .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	Malkit Singh	Punjab	Malkit Singh ( ) ( born Malkit Singh Boparai ) MBE born in 1962 in village Hussainpur Jalandhar and raised in Nakodar Jalandhar Punjab .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Ministry of Transport	e New Zealan	The Ministry of Transport ( In Maori : Te Manat Waka ) is th e New Zealan d Government's principal transport policy adviser .
per:country_of_birth(e2,e1)	Cambodia	Hun Sen	Cambodia 's Prime Minister Hun Sen on Friday played golf with former Thai Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra in Siem Reap province northern Cambodia near Angkor Wat Temple .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Pakistan	Nawaz Sharif	The Saudis bailed out the most ruthless and brutal dictator in Pakistan 's history by letting him exile Nawaz Sharif to Saudi Arabia .
org:top_members/employees(e1,e2)	Netscape	Marc Andreessen	In September 2008 a month after its beta release Qik received an undisclosed amount of investments from Netscape veterans Marc Andreessen and Ben Horowitz .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	UCL Medical School	United Kingdom	UCL Medical School ( formerly Royal Free University College Medical School ) is the medical school of University College London ( UCL ) and is located in London United Kingdom .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Wisconsin	Nicolet High School	As a young child she moved to the Milwaukee Wisconsin area where she later attended Nicolet High School .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Bronx Community College	University Heights	In 1900 Peabody was one of the first 29 honorees to be elected to the Hall of Fame for Great Americans located on what was then the campus of New York University ( and is now that of Bronx Community College ) at University Heights New York .
org:alternate_names(e2,e1)	California State Normal School	San State University	The California State Normal School was transferred to the State of California in 1862 and is now known as San State University .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Sierra Leone	Samuel Sam-Sumana	In 2008 Avidar visited Sierra Leone at the invitation of the Sierra Leone government and met President Dr Ernest Bai Koroma and Vice President Samuel Sam-Sumana and the Liberian Minister for Mines .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	India	Osho	During his time as a student at the conservatory Praful was involved in several bands including : After receiving his Conservatory degree in 1992 he spent 6 months in India in the Ashram of the enlightened teacher Osho meditating and learning the Indian Bansuri .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Go-Ahead Group	UK	In 1998 Go-Ahead Group replaced Northwest and Delta as GHI's owner.FundingUniverse The Go-Ahead Group Plc : Company History In 2000 Go-ahead merged GHI with its other UK aircraft ground handling operations Midland Airport Services British Midland Handling Services and Reed Aviation under the Aviance UK brand .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	his	Quebec	Various observers had expected him to name MacKay the former leader of the Progressive Conservative Party and his deputy party leader or Lawrence Cannon as a Quebec lieutenant to the post .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Interior	Giuliano Amato	It was reported that Italian Interior Minister Giuliano Amato said later the killings were part of a feud between mafia families in the Calabria region of southern Italy .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	East African Safari Air	Kenya	As East African Safari Air the company ferried tourist passengers to and from Italy to Kenya between 1992 to 2002 .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Steven Van Zandt	E Street Band	Van Zandt is married to Steven Van Zandt ( of the E Street Band fame ) .
org:alternate_names(e1,e2)	Military of Uruguay	Uruguayan Army	There is also a different version of the roundel known as the Artigas ' Cockade which is worn as a cockade on the uniforms of the Military of Uruguay and also serves as the emblem of the Uruguayan Army .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Bangladesh Bank	Bangladesh	Pursuant to Bangladesh Bank Order 1972 the Government of Bangladesh reorganized the Dhaka branch of the State Bank of Pakistan as the central bank of the country and named it Bangladesh Bank with retrospective effect from 16 December 1971 .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Ray Brown	Oscar Peterson	In the early 1950s Peterson began performing with Ray Brown and Charlie Smith as the Oscar Peterson Trio .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Education	Rod Paige	A week into the controversy over the Department of Education 's $ buyout of conservative pundit Armstrong Williams Secretary of Education Rod Paige has entered the fray .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Parameswara	Palembang	According to the Malay Annals Parameswara the founder of Malacca Sultanate claimed to be the member of the Palembang Srivijaya lineage .
per:spouse(e2,e1)	Roman Polanski	Sharon Tate	Kasabian was directed by Manson to gather a knife a change of clothing and her driver's license then to accompany three other members of the family Charles Tex Watson Susan Atkins and Patricia Krenwinkel to the residence of the film director Roman Polanski and his wife Sharon Tate .
org:founded(e1,e2)	company	1937	The company had been established in 1937 for the express purpose of building aircraft for the Swedish Air Force to protect the country's neutrality as Europe moved closer to World War II .
org:top_members/employees(e2,e1)	Paul Fishbein	AVN	Because of the amount of quality parodies that studios have produced in the past year and the impact they 've had on the marketplace we 've decided to honor the best of those movies in their own category separate from our long-running Best Sex Comedy award said Paul Fishbein president of AVN .
org:alternate_names(e1,e2)	Air New Zealand	ANZ	Other major sponsors include Fonterra Air New Zealand ANZ and Ngoi Tahu along with foundation sponsors Solid Energy and Zespri .
no_relation	Democratic Party	Veltroni himself	In the 2009 Democratic Party leadership election the bulk of Veltroniani and Veltroni himself supported Franceschini while the Democrats in Netweork of Bettini and Meta supported Ignazio Marino .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	as DeeJay Del	th Pola	?ukasz ?elezny known as DeeJay Del ta ( born 23 March 1981 in Tarnowskie Sou th Pola nd ) is a Polish electronic music artist and disc jockey currently living London .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Indonesia	Suharto	Wahid who came to power in 1999 after Indonesia 's first general elections following the fall of military strongman Suharto died in hospital earlier Wednesday aged 69 .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	London South Bank University	London	ac.uk London South Bank University Faculty of BICM Borough Road London SE1 0AA United Kingdom URL : http://www.jpbowen.com/ .
per:country_of_birth(e1,e2)	he	Saint Kitts and Nevis	Since the Labour Party gained power in 1995 he has also had served as the Leader of Government Business in the National Assembly of Saint Kitts and Nevis .
no_relation	Eminem	producer	Unlike Infinite The Slim Shady EP helped Eminem garner significant underground attention and eventually garnered the interest of famous West Coast hip-hop producer Dr. Dre who subsequently signed Eminem to his Aftermath label and executive-produced his breakthrough major-label debut The Slim Shady LP .
per:country_of_birth(e1,e2)	Edward the Confessor	England	Edsige also Eadsige Eadsimus or Eadsin ( died 1050 ) was Archbishop of Canterbury and crowned Edward the Confessor as king of England .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	Dubai World	DP World	Dubai World which reportedly has 59 billion dollars in liabilities owns a range of businesses including international ports operator DP World and giant property developer Nakheel .
no_relation	One	Joan Littlewood	One of his more famous projects was the Fun Palace ( 1961 ) developed in association with theatrical director Joan Littlewood .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e2,e1)	Hawaii	Daniel Akaka	The moderate Case the cousin of AOL co-founder Steve Case previously represented Hawaii in Congress and created waves locally by unsuccessfully challenging the re-election of Hawaii's junior senator Democrat Daniel Akaka in the 2006 primary .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Sharon	Kadima	Polls taken through the end of 2005 showed Sharon 's Kadima Party enjoying a commanding lead over both Labor and Likud .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Records	Crow	Records re-released Crow 's debut album Tuesday Night Music Club as a deluxe version 2CD/DVD set on November 17 2009 .
per:title(e1,e2)	Evan Bayh	politician	Susan Breshears Bayh ( born November 28 1959 ) is an Indiana attorney and the wife of Evan Bayh a Democratic politician from the state of Indiana who has been that state's governor ( 1989 1997 ) and one of its United States Senators ( 1999 2011 ) .
org:top_members/employees(e1,e2)	Gunns	John	Former Gunns director John Gay had previously put pressure on the state government to approve the mill quickly by threatening to take the project interstate or overseas : the company has already invested an estimated $ 100 million ( 5 % of expenditure ) on plans and consultants for the $ 2.3 billion project .
per:country_of_birth(e1,e2)	Havel	Czechoslovakia	Many were elevated into high positions in the government ( e.g. Havel became the President of Czechoslovakia ) but since most had no experience in active politics ( such as skills in diplomacy or knowledge of capitalism ) they met with mixed success .
per:title(e2,e1)	Estudiantes	Leonardo	Estudiantes coach Leonardo Astrada who played for Internacional rival Gremio in 2000 may make two changes to the team that played in the first leg .
org:members(e2,e1)	UCF Knights	University of Central Florida	The 2009 10 UCF Knights men's basketball team was a NCAA Division I college basketball team that represented the University of Central Florida and competed in Conference USA .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Ali Hamza al-Bahlul	Yemen	Frakt also represents another Guantanamo detainee facing trial by military commission Ali Hamza al-Bahlul the alleged Al Qaida propaganda chief from Yemen .
org:alternate_names(e2,e1)	Beijing	Peking University	In 2000 Beijing Medical University was merged into Peking University and became the Peking University Health Science Campus .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	Catalyst Game Labs	InMediaRes	Catalyst Game Labs ( a publishing imprint of InMediaRes Productions ) licensed the rights from Topps to publish new products .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Mel-Man	Aftermath	Mel-Man has not shared co-production credits with Dr. Dre since approximately 2002 but fellow Aftermath producer Focus has credited Mel-Man as a key architect of the signature Aftermath sound .
no_relation	It	Vukovi Beograd	It was the second CEFL title for Vukovi Beograd and the third consecutive season as Vukovi have not lost a match at home - Ada Ciganlija .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Pakistan	Nawaz Sharif	Exiled former Prime Minister and leader of Pakistan Muslim League-Nawaz ( PML-N ) Nawaz Sharif would hopefully return to the country before the general elections PML - N Chairman Raja Zafar - ul-Haq said on Thursday .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Spyros Kyprianou	House	In 1998 he announced his decision to resign as a member of DIKO because he disagreed with Spyros Kyprianou 's decision to support Giorgos Iakovou in the 1998 presidential election and in 1999 he resigned as a member of the House of Representatives as well.http : / / www.parliament.cy/parliamentgr/002_10_09.htm In 1998 he created the Eurodemocratic Renewal Party ( Komma Evrodimokratikis Ananeosis KEA ) and was its first president .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Chicago	William Hale Thompson	By 1922 Chicago Mayor William Hale Thompson recommended locating the downtown airport at Northerly Island .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	Karl Marx	London	Bermbach a member of the Communist party was a correspondent of Karl Marx and kept him abreast of anti-communist trials in Cologne after Marx had moved to London .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Nomad Soul Records	Walder	RISE was the first CD from Nomad Soul Records and featured Walder arranging producing recording mixing composing and performing all of the instruments on the CD including the middle eastern sounding Duduk .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Cuyo	de San	The Northern provinces followed suit Salta established an autonomous government under general the Province of Cuyo refused the replacement of their governor de San and elected their own governor Javier a follower of Artigas .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	ar District	d Afghanistan during	The Band E Sardeh Dam ( Dari/Pashto ) ( also known as Band-e Sar Deh Ban?-e Saeh Plotina Sardekhband Sardah Dam Sardeh Dam Sardi Dam ) is located in east And ar District of Ghazni Province of Afghanistan and was constructed in 1967 ( 1346 in the Islamic calendar ) by the Soviet Union an d Afghanistan during the reign of Mohammed Zahir Shah prior to the Soviet War in Afghanistan .
per:country_of_birth(e1,e2)	Roberto Carlos	Brazil	Roberto Carlos Braga ( ; born April 19 1941 in Cachoeiro de Itapemirim Santo Brazil ) is a Grammy Award-winning Brazilian singer and composer who has achieved a great deal of success and recognition in his 50-year career also known as King of Latin Music or simply The King .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	UNLV	Las Vegas	jpg | UNLV 's School of Dental Medicine is located in the heart of Las Vegas ' medical district .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	North Thurston High School	Lacey	Sellers attended North Thurston High School in Lacey Washington and was a letterman in football basketball and track .
org:city_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Bexley	Capital University	Bexley Ohio Capital University was founded in 1830 by the Evangelical Lutheran Church in America .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	Ultrabeat	Liverpool	Prior to forming Ultrabeat Mike Di Scala Chris Henry and Ian Redman previously knew each other as they were all disc jockeys in Liverpool and mixed in the same circle of friends .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	underground	Ireland	Kent Station ( ) is an underground railway station in Cork Ireland .
org:founded(e2,e1)	April 1 1956	Bundesnachrichtendienst	On April 1 1956 the Gehlen Org was formally established as the Bundesnachrichtendienst ( or Federal Intelligence Agency ) of the Federal Republic of Germany which exists to this day .
per:title(e2,e1)	singer	Emily Robison	Country singer Emily Robison of The Dixie Chicks is 38 .
per:title(e2,e1)	Governor	Dirk Kempthorne	despite owning and running one of the largest newspapers in Idaho Jerry Brady lost the election to Governor Dirk Kempthorne .
org:city_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Brisbane	University of Queensland	Labor if re-elected at next month's election will set up a market mechanism to put a price on carbon after 2012 establish emission standards for new coal - fired power stations and pay $ 894 million to connect renewable energy sources to the nation's power grid Gillard said a speech Friday in Brisbane at the University of Queensland .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	State of Alert	Henry Rollins.Cogan	No Policy is the only studio release by the American hardcore punk band State of Alert the first band to be fronted by Henry Rollins.Cogan p. 306 It was released on 7-inch vinyl in March 1981 through Dischord Records ( No. 2 ) .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Lebanon	Lebanese Armed Forces	The United Nations Interim Force in Lebanon ( UNIFIL ) has completed its investigation into an Aug. 3 incident between Lebanese Armed Forces and the Israeli Defense Forces UN spokesman Martin Nesirky told reporters here Wednesday .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Opposition	Lynda Haverstock	The Liberal Party began this Legislative Assembly as the Official Opposition led by Lynda Haverstock .
org:top_members/employees(e1,e2)	FC Porto	Pinto da Costa	Boavista signed Ferreira after his tenure with Braga ended but suddenly FC Porto and team president Jorge Nuno Pinto da Costa offered him a contract following the unexpected departure of manager Co Adriaanse and he nullified the Boavista contract and joined Porto at the do on 18 August 2006 after the Portuguese SuperCup Final only one week before the start of the 2006 07 league .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Morten Harket	Norway	Soren Mounir's song Mon Coeur was performed by Kathy Leander to represent Switzerland at the Eurovision Song Contest in 1996 which was hosted by a-ha singer Morten Harket in Oslo Norway .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	Disney	ABC Kids	After being purchased by Disney ABC began airing their Saturday morning cartoons in a programming block titled Disney 's One Saturday Morning before switching to a block of live-action and animated programs titled ABC Kids in 2002 .
no_relation	Heath	songwriter	Raymond Ronald Jones ( 25 April 1939 Thornton Heath Croydon Surrey ) better-known as Wizz Jones is an English acoustic guitarist singer and songwriter .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Canada	Alliance Atlantis	Here in Canada we get a Canadian version of Discovery Health Channel ( mostly owned by Alliance Atlantis now a CanWest group of channels ) and this deal can * dramatically * impact future-programming currently supplied by DHC .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Franklin Pierce	New Hampshire	In America a typhus epidemic killed the son of Franklin Pierce in Concord New Hampshire in 1843 and struck in Philadelphia in 1837 .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	State	John Hay	It was named after its two primary negotiators Phillipe-Jean Bunau-Varilla the French diplomatic representative of Panama and United States Secretary of State John Hay .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	she	WGCL-TV	In 2007 she returned to the United States where she became the weather and traffic anchor for the Better Mornings morning show on CBS affiliate WGCL-TV in Atlanta Georgia beginning in April .
org:city_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	a 1971 Hon	ei for Golden H	The Comet Strikes ( Chinese : ; Gui Liu Xing ) is a 1971 Hon g Kong action horror film directed by Lo W ei for Golden H arvest .
per:cities_of_residence(e2,e1)	Jersey City	Thomas F. X. Smith	Sheil attended Saint Peter's College in Jersey City where he played basketball with future Mayor of Jersey City and sometime political ally Thomas F. X. Smith .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	,	Club	Flavio Davino ( born August 15 1974 in , Guanajuato ) is a retired Mexican footballer who most notably played for Club and Tecos .
per:country_of_birth(e1,e2)	Nicole Ramalalanirina	Madagascar	Nicole Ramalalanirina ( born 5 March 1972 in Antananarivo Madagascar ) is a French athlete who specializes in the 100 metres hurdles .
org:members(e1,e2)	Division I	San Francisco Dons	The three non-football Division I programs in the Bay Area are the San Francisco Dons located in the city of San Francisco the Saint Mary's Gaels from Moraga in the East Bay and the Santa Clara Broncos located in Santa Clara California .
per:country_of_birth(e1,e2)	Wahbi al-Bouri	Libya	Wahbi al-Bouri was an accomplished writer and is considered by many to be the father of the short story genre in Libya .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	Imperial Japanese Army	Kwantung Army	The Imperial Japanese Army established Unit 731 in 1936 as an anti-epidemic and water supply division of the Kwantung Army .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	HP	VoodooPC	HP used a San Francisco art and film studio as the setting to demonstrate gaming creations that sprang from collaboration with engineers at VoodooPC a Canada - based premier computer game company HP bought in September of 2006 .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	Space and Missile Systems Center	Space	AEP was delivered by the Space and Missile Systems Center 's GPS Wing to the 50th Space Wing to replace the legacy 1970s-era mainframe computer at Schriever AFB Colo .
per:title(e2,e1)	actor	Robert Wagner	He was a very well-respected photographer actor Robert Wagner told the Los Angeles Times recalling Seawell had photographed him and Natalie Wood as a young married couple .
per:title(e2,e1)	Prime Minister	Michael Somare	Papua New Guinea Prime Minister Sir Michael Somare is leading a team comprising business executives and senior government officials that arrive in Fiji on Friday night .
per:alternate_names(e1,e2)	George II of Great Britain	George	Through Prince Paul Johnson is a descendent of King George II of Great Britain and through George 's great-great-great grandfather King James I of England a descendent of all the previous British royal houses .
org:founded_by(e1,e2)	BC	Bakersfield	BC was founded in 1913 and initially housed on the campus of Bakersfield High School ( then Kern County Union High School ) before moving in 1956 to its current location on the hill in northeast Bakersfield .
org:top_members/employees(e1,e2)	Patriotic Union of Kurdistan	Jalal Talabani	While in Salah al-Din Baer unsuccessfully urged the Clinton administration to back an internal Iraqi attempt to overthrow Hussein ( organized by a group of Sunni military officers the Iraqi National Congress ' Ahmad Chalabi and the Patriotic Union of Kurdistan 's Jalal Talabani ) in March 1995 with covert CIA assistance .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	South Korea	Lee Myung-bak	South Korea 's Constitutional Court gives a conditional go-ahead to independent probe of President-elect Lee Myung-bak over fraud allegations .
org:members(e2,e1)	International Federation Textile-Clothing	World Confederation of Labour	The International Federation Textile-Clothing ( IFTC/FITH ) is an International Trade Federation of the World Confederation of Labour ( WCL ) .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	San Beda College-Mendiola	Manila	H. Roque OSB who also served as former dean of the College of Arts and Sciences in San Beda College-Mendiola Manila .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Ahmed Ouyahia	Algeria	Ahmed Ouyahia ( ) ( born 2 July 1952 ) is an Algerian politician who was Prime Minister of Algeria from 1995 to 1998 from 2003 to 2006 and from 2008 to 2012 .
no_relation	Stax	Otis Redding	Some of pop's most cherished recordings came out of the Stax studio including Sam Dave's Soul Man Otis Redding 's ( Sitting On ) The Dock of the Bay and Isaac Hayes ' Oscar - winning Theme from Shaft .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	State	Edward Livingston	Secretary of State Edward Livingston 's Instructions to Special Agent Edmund Roberts signed 27 January 1832 order him to embark upon Peacock in the guise of the captain's clerk his mission's purpose concealed except from the Captain and those with a need to know ; while in passage he is to gather as much as possible of the knowledge previously requested of Shillaber ; his duties as envoy will then begin at Cochin-China .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Jamil Mahuad	Ecuador	In Beyond Reason Fisher documents many of his first-hand experiences negotiating around the world from his involvement in negotiating the Iran hostage crisis to his advisory role in helping Jamil Mahuad President of Ecuador ( 1998 2000 ) resolve a long-standing international border dispute .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Parti	Jacques Parizeau	In 1994 she was appointed chief executive officer of the de de la main-d'oeuvre ( SQDM ) by the Parti government of Jacques Parizeau .
org:top_members/employees(e2,e1)	Herbert Coker	University of Lagos	The second study published in American Journal of Environmental Sciences by Chimezie Anyakora and Herbert Coker of the Department of Pharmaceutical Chemistry University of Lagos concluded that people of the Niger Delta are at a higher risk of cancer because high concentrations of this toxic chemical were found in the fishes they eat .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Company	Thailand	The Company culture farms and hatcheries are located in the shrimp farming areas in the eastern and southern regions of Thailand .
per:title(e1,e2)	she	singer	Double originally thought her career would be in the beauty industry as a makeup artist or hairdresser if she did not pursue a career as a singer .
org:founded_by(e2,e1)	Toxey Haas	Mossy Oak	Toxey Haas and his longtime friend Chris Hawley cofounded Mossy Oak real estate company Mossy Oak Properties in 1999 .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	India	Morarji Desai	The Mandal Commission was established in India in 1979 by the Janata Party government under Prime Minister Morarji Desai with a mandate to identify the socially or educationally backward .
no_relation	ECB	France	The ECB was founded with 11 members : Austria Belgium Finland France Germany Ireland Italy Luxembourg the Netherlands Portugal and Spain .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Japan	Anna Tsuchiya	When thinking of such musicians in Japan Ai and Anna Tsuchiya came to mind .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	ABC Records	Norman	In 1976 ABC Records bought Word Records and switched Norman to its Word subsidiary infusing it with $ 17 million in capital .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	West High School	Iowa	When he played at West High School in Iowa City the public-address announcers flubbed the pronunciation of his last name ( fuh-ROAK-muh-NESH ) so many times that they referred to him simply as Ali when he made a basket .
per:title(e2,e1)	actor	Wallace Beery	The Howard Hughes version two years later called The Outlaw and mainly serving as an introductory vehicle for Jane Russell owes at least as much to the 1930 film particularly in the casting of Thomas Mitchell a superb actor who physically resembles Wallace Beery as Garrett .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	HSBC Bank USA	N.A.	In addition Sandy Derickson head of HSBC Bank USA N.A. and HSBC USA Inc. stepped down with immediate effect .
org:members(e2,e1)	Wales	Six Nations Championship	Henson 25 broke a bone in his left hand during the same match but is set to return to action in the Ospreys ' European Cup clash against Gloucester on Saturday - just 48 hours before new Wales coach Warren Gatland announces his squad for the Six Nations Championship .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	University of Palermo	Italy	The University of Palermo ( ) is a university located in Palermo Italy and founded in 1806 .
no_relation	No Use for a Name	Fat Wreck Chords	No Use for a Name ( sometimes abbreviated NUFAN or No Use ) was a punk rock band from San Jose California United StatesBands : Fat Wreck Chords formed in 1987 by Chris Dodge ( guitar ) Steve Papoutsis ( bass ) Rory Koff ( drums ) and John Meyer ( vocals ) .
per:origin(e1,e2)	Lloyd	American	Lloyd Polite Jr. ( born January 3 1986 ) who performs under the mononym Lloyd is an American recording artist who experienced as a member of the group N-Toon before embarking on a solo career in 2004 .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Ho Chi Minh	Vietnam	Dung expected that the two countries will reach high consensus on the establishment of official development strategic partnership between Ho Chi Minh City of Vietnam and Brno capital city of Czech .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	France	Isabelle Huppert	Private Property -- A psychological thriller from France starring Isabelle Huppert .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Eagles	Frey	As a member of the Eagles Frey has won six Grammys and five American Music Awards .
no_relation	Ontario	University	In the past the event has been hosted by : 1999 McGill University 2000 University of Toronto 2001 University of Western Ontario 2002 Concordia University 2003 Laval University 2004 University of Ottawa 2005 University of Montreal ( Cancelled ) 2006 University of Windsor 2007 University of Waterloo/Wilfrid Laurier University ( Cancelled ) 2008 ( Cancelled ) 2009 University of Windsor 2013 Western University 2014 TBD The 2006 event held at the University of Windsor was regarded by many as a huge success .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Union	Win Maung	The late democratic elected PM U Nu and the late President of Union of Myanmar U ( Mahn ) Win Maung politely refused to join Ma Su Kyi .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Thailand	Thai Airways	Thailand 's flagship carrier Thai Airways announced Friday it canceled 10 flights to Europe due to air space closure following volcanic activity in Iceland .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	his	Canada	Today Major spends the majority of his time in his native Canada .
per:cities_of_residence(e2,e1)	London	Ian Hunter.David Buckley	When Mott rejected his first offer of a composition Suffragette City ( from The Rise and Fall of Ziggy Stardust and the Spiders from Mars ) Bowie wrote All the Young Dudes in short order specially for them allegedly sitting cross-legged on the floor of a room in Regent Street London in front of the band's lead singer Ian Hunter.David Buckley ( 2005 ) .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Jonathan Guerreiro	Russia	Ekaterina Riazanova and Jonathan Guerreiro Russia 73.64 .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Conservative Party	Iain MacLeod	They claimed that they would mostly attract supporters from the Conservative Party but attacked Iain MacLeod as inclined to a mild sort of socialism .
per:title(e2,e1)	Exchequer	Gordon Brown	From 2004 he was appointed as Special Adviser to Chief Secretaries to the Treasury Paul Boateng Des Browne and Stephen Timms but in practice he worked for Chancellor of the Exchequer Gordon Brown .
no_relation	Rembrandt	Netherlands	The Rembrandt was an express train that linked Amsterdam in the Netherlands with Munich in Germany and later Chur in Switzerland .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	La Senza	Limited Brands	In 2006 La Senza was purchased by Limited Brands of Columbus Ohio for $ 628 million in cash .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Jun Senoue	Crush 40	Confirmed guests include Jun Senoue and Johnny Gioeli of Crush 40 Sonic Team head Takashi Iizuka SUMO Digital producer Steve Lycett and Nigel Dobbyn and Nigel Kitching from Sonic the Comic .
no_relation	Milan	Silvio Berlusconi	Milan which is owned by media mogul and former Italian premier Silvio Berlusconi announced the news on its Web site .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	William M. Gwin	California	Property here was acquired by William M. Gwin California 's first U.S. Senator in 1851 .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Kuomintang	Ma Ying-jeou	Wu was nominated as Honorary Chairman of the Kuomintang when he was succeeded by Ma Ying-jeou as the Chairman of the Kuomintang .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	The Stolen Minks	New Romance for Kids	The Stolen Minks were picked up by the Montreal independent label New Romance for Kids before the release of their second recording Family Boycott .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Australia	James Morrison	Graeme is the Division 2 adjudicator at Generations In Jazz an annual festival that provides an opportunity for High School big bands from around Australia to compete against each other and for students to hear live performances from the likes of James Morrison John Morrison Ross Irwin and several others .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	Truman	Kansas City	Also in 1919 Harry was putting all of his money into the men's clothing store of Truman Jacobson open at 104 West 12th St. in downtown Kansas City so living at the Wallace home made good financial sense .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	India	Oil and Natural Gas Corporation	India 's state-run Oil and Natural Gas Corporation said Thursday its board had approved an investment of 316 million dollars to develop gas fields in western India a report said .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Trade Union Congress of the Philippines	Philippines	The Trade Union Congress of the Philippines ( TUCP ) is the largest national trade union center in the Philippines .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Kenya	Jomo Kenyatta	Kenyatta -- a son of Kenya 's first president and independence hero Jomo Kenyatta -- came second to Kibaki in 2002 .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Epstein	The Beatles	Epstein 's death in essence marked the beginning of The Beatles ' dissolution as Lennon admitted later .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Israel national football team	Israel	The Israel national football team ( ; ) is the national football team of Israel governed by the Israel Football Association ( IFA ) .
per:country_of_birth(e2,e1)	Puerto Rico	Ricky Martin	Dominican Republic signer and songwriter Juan Luis Guerra led the Latin Grammy Awards nominations with five followed by Puerto Rico 's Ricky Martin and Calle 13 with four nods each organizers announced Wednesday .
no_relation	Bruce Arena	Los Angeles Galaxy	Motzkin counts coach Bruce Arena and Landon Donovan of the Los Angeles Galaxy as clients .
per:cities_of_residence(e2,e1)	New York City	Josh Hamilton	Originally produced by The New Group the play opened at the INTAR Theatre in New York City in October 1996 directed by Mark Brokaw with Josh Hamilton as Dennis Mark Ruffalo as Warren and Missy Yager as Jessica.Peter Marks Heading for Hopeless but Not Gone Yet The New York Times October 31 1996 .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	He	New York	He became a naturalized United States citizen on January 16 1939 in New York City at the New York Southern District Court .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Chuck Berry	Mercury	The album title refers to Chuck Berry ' coming home ' back to Chess Records after several years with Mercury Records .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	It	Saint Paul	It is also one of the biggest high schools in the state and as of 2011 the second largest in the city of Saint Paul next to Harding Senior High School on the east side of the city .
org:members(e2,e1)	Purdue Boilermakers	Big Ten	The 1992 Purdue Boilermakers football team represented Purdue University during the 1992 NCAA Division I-A football season.They participated as members of the Big Ten Conference and played their home games at Ross Ade Stadium in West Lafayette Indiana .
org:founded(e2,e1)	1955	Alberto-Culver	Leonard H. Lavin ( born October 29 1919 in Chicago Illinois ) is an American businessman racehorse owner/breeder and philanthropist who in 1955 founded the Alberto-Culver Company .
org:alternate_names(e2,e1)	American Federation of Labor	AFL-CIO	He was a president of Local 1694 American Federation of State County and Municipal Employees ( AFSCME ) ; Council 92 and a member of the American Federation of Labor Congress of Industrial Organizations ( AFL-CIO ) .
no_relation	Cumberbatch	19 July 1976	Cumberbatch was born on 19 July 1976 in London the son of actors Timothy Carlton and Wanda Ventham .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Elon University	Elon	The Elon University campus is a campus in Elon North Carolina .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Iran	Shapour Bakhtiar	Naccache served 10 years in prison after trying assassinate Iran 's last prime minister under the monarchy Shapour Bakhtiar on Iran's behalf in Paris in 1980 .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Stax	Wilson Pickett	The band was formed as the house band of Stax Records providing backing music for a variety of singers such as Wilson Pickett and Otis Redding .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Los Angeles County Board	Zev Yaroslavsky	Representing West Hills in the Los Angeles County Board of Supervisors is Supervisor Zev Yaroslavsky ( Third District ) .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	Gazprom Media	bank	In August 2005 it purchased Gazprom Media the largest Russian media holding which includes the NTV channel and Izvestia newspaper from the bank 's parent company Gazprom .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	Ferrell North America	Ferrellgas	Ferrell North America moved its operations from Houston to the Ferrellgas corporate headquarters in Overland Park Kansas in 2005 .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Young Buck	G-Unit	Young Buck later addressed the issue on the mixtape G-Unit Radio Part 25-Sabrina's Baby Boy .
org:city_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Suwon	Ajou University	There are 14 universities in Suwon and 2 colleges and these include Sungkyunkwan University's Natural Sciences Campus Kyonggi University Ajou University Kyunghee University Suwon Catholic University Dongnam Health College Gukje Digital University Hapdong Theological Seminary Jangan College Suwon Science College and Suwon Women's College .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Canada	Stephen Harper	The competition opened the evening of 19 July and following a ninety-minute light and music presentation the championships were officially opened by the Prime Minister of Canada Stephen Harper and Gary Lunn the Minister for Sport .
per:origin(e1,e2)	Mihailo Petrovi?	 Serbia	Mihailo Petrovi? ?Alas Serbia n Cyrillic : ? ; 6 May 1868 8 June 1943 ) was an influential Serbian mathematician and inventor .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Lebanese Armed Forces	Lebanon	The Council commended UNIFIL positive role saying its deployment together with that of the Lebanese Armed Forces had helped to establish a new strategic environment in southern Lebanon .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	University	Texas	The city's three largest educational institutions including the University of North Texas Denton Independent School District and Texas Woman's University are the largest employers employing almost people .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Nigeria	Sani Abacha	Colonel Aminu Isa Kontagora was Administrator of Benue State Nigeria from August 1996 to August 1998 during the military regime of General Sani Abacha then Administrator of Kano State from September 1998 to May 1999 during the transitional regime of General Abdulsalami Abubakar handing over power to the elected executive governor Rabiu Musa Kwankwaso on 29 May 1999 .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	Submarine	London	Located on Naval Submarine Base New London ( NAVSUBASE NLON ) in Groton New London County Connecticut the school is a six-week introduction to the basic theory construction and operation of nuclear-powered submarines .
per:origin(e2,e1)	American	Vivian Vance	Hallie after being asked many questions about living in California refers to two girls at Camp Walden as Lucy and Ethel Mertz a reference to the American sitcom I Love Lucy starring Lucille Ball and Vivian Vance .
org:top_members/employees(e2,e1)	Andrew Witty	GlaxoSmithKline	Andrew Witty who took over as GlaxoSmithKline PLC's chief executive in May 2008 has been remaking the company from a pure pharmaceutical business to a diverse healthcare conglomerate a strategy most rivals now are pursuing .
no_relation	EADS	Airbus	EADS governments strike Airbus A400M finance deal : Spain .
org:alternate_names(e1,e2)	School of International Service	SIS	In 1958 Bishop Oxnam was successful in helping to found the School of International Service ( SIS ) at American University the national Methodist university in Washington D.C .
no_relation	1485	Richard III of England	In 1485 she received another offer from the recently-widowed Richard III of England who was only 8 months younger .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	Imperial College London	Charing Cross Hospital	Charing Cross and Westminster Medical School existed as a legal entity for 13 years as the midpoint of a series of mergers which strategically consolidated the many small medical schools in west London into one large institution under the aegis of Imperial College London In 1984 Charing Cross Hospital Medical School and Westminster Hospital Medical School merged to form the Charing Cross and Westminster Medical School .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Greece	Karolos Papoulias	He also blamed main opposition PASOK for these early polls accusing them of creating a protracted pre-election climate until next March when the members of the Hellenic Parliament were to vote for the election of the President of Greece as PASOK had proclaimed their intention to vote against incumbent Karolos Papoulias in order to force the government to call early general election in a period when opinion polls had been giving a victory for PASOK by a large margin .
per:alternate_names(e1,e2)	Baldwin II of Jerusalem	Baldwin	Baldwin II of Jerusalem ( in French ; Baudouin ) formerly Baldwin II of Edessa also called Baldwin of Bourcq born Baldwin of Rethel ( died 21 August 1131 ) was the second count of Edessa from 1100 to 1118 and the third king of Jerusalem from 1118 until his death .
no_relation	Chris Reeve Knives	ID	Chris Reeve Knives ( CRK ) is a U.S. corporation with international sales and distribution based in Boise ID .
per:cities_of_residence(e2,e1)	Mogadishu	Aidid	On 12 June U.S. troops started attacking targets in Mogadishu in hopes of finding Aidid a campaign which lasted until 16 June .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Education	Margaret Spellings	One telling statistic : During Bush's two terms only one Cabinet member Secretary of Education Margaret Spellings appeared on the show .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Ortega	Nicaragua	Ortega general secretary of the Sandinista National Liberation Front ( FSLN ) was President of Nicaragua from 1985 to 1990 and presidential candidate of the FSLN in 1990 1996 2001 and 2006 .
per:country_of_birth(e2,e1)	Italy	Dario Marianelli	Born in Pisa Italy Dario Marianelli studied in Florence and later moved to London to continue his studies and set up his current base .
no_relation	John D. Rockefeller	New York	The land originally owned by John D. Rockefeller and purchased by the City of New York for use as an extension of Riverside Park was landscaped with financial support from Rockefeller over a two-year period starting in 1932 .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	China	Wen Jiabao	The fifth generation of the CPC leadership consists of : Xi Jinping who replaced current leader Hu Jintao as General Secretary of the Communist Party and President of China Li Keqiang will replace Wen Jiabao as Premier of the State Council .
per:country_of_birth(e1,e2)	Hosokawa	Japan	In the Edo period the Hosokawa clan was one of the largest landholding daimyo families in Japan .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Southern Illinois University Edwardsville	Edwardsville	SIUE College of Arts and Sciences often referred to as CAS is an academic college of Southern Illinois University Edwardsville located in Edwardsville Illinois USA .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Gloucester High School	Gloucester	It consists of the public high schools in the cities of Hampton and Newport News plus Gloucester High School in Gloucester County .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Chester A. Arthur	United States	In 1882 President Chester A. Arthur nominated Coxe as judge of the United States District Court for the Northern District of New York .
org:members(e1,e2)	STAR News	INDIA	He had worked with STAR News - India first 24hrs News channel and NDTV two news channels-NDTV 24X7 and NDTV INDIA right from inception .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Finland	Valio	Aura is a type of blue cheese produced in Finland by the Finnish dairy company Valio .
per:title(e2,e1)	Mughal Emperor	Akbar Shah II	As it passed through streets of Mehrauli where the Mughal courts used to shift after the rainy season Mughal Emperor Akbar Shah II used to enjoy the procession from the balcony of Zafar Mahal in Mehrauli and watched it move towards the shrine of Sufi Saint Qutbuddin Kaki and later to Yogmaya Temple The Festival continued to be celebrated even after 1857 revolt by the British Deputy commissioner who was the highest government functionary in Delhi with the help of some prominent citizens .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Meier Frank	Portland	Meier Frank was a chain of department stores founded in Portland Oregon and later bought out by the May Department Stores Company .
per:origin(e1,e2)	Lloyd	American	Danny Lloyd ( born January 1 1973 ) is an American teacher and former child actor .
no_relation	Hank Paulson	Merrill Lynch	Lawmakers have accused Bernanke and President George W. Bush's treasury secretary Hank Paulson of pressuring Bank of America Corp.'s chief executive Kenneth Lewis into buying Merrill Lynch Co. and urging him to keep quiet about Merrill's financial problems .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	State	Lawrence Eagleburger	She previously served as a special consultant to Acting United States Secretary of State Lawrence Eagleburger and as director of the Central Asian American Enterprise Fund .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Kentucky	Southern Baptist Theological Seminary	He attended Georgetown College a Baptist-affiliated institution in Georgetown Kentucky and the Southern Baptist Theological Seminary in Louisville Kentucky .
org:top_members/employees(e1,e2)	Citigroup	Vikram Pandit	Citigroup in a document for presentation to employees by chief executive Vikram Pandit said that the headcount was expected to be down 20 percent in the near - term from peak levels .
org:founded_by(e2,e1)	Joseph Sitt	Thor Equities	Carol Albert who sold the land in 2006 to Joseph Sitt 's Thor Equities says park employees need more job security .
per:spouse(e1,e2)	Cecily Neville	Richard Plantagenet	Her maternal grandfather was the brother of Cecily Neville Duchess of York wife of Richard Plantagenet 3rd Duke of York .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Australia	Alexander Downer	They have called for an independent psychiatric review for Hicks but Australia 's Foreign Minister Alexander Downer has said there is no suggestion that Hicks is suffering from a mental illness .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Hollande	Socialist Party	Eventually former party leader Hollande won the primary and ran as the official Socialist Party candidate for President of France .
no_relation	Adam Michnik	Agora	Adam Michnik does not have any shares in Agora and does not hold any office headship excluding head editor which is unusual in economic field in Poland .
no_relation	Cayetano	Ronda	Cayetano ( January 24 1904 Ronda Spain - October 30 1961 Madrid Spain ) is the founder of the family of bullfighters .
per:cities_of_residence(e2,e1)	Tehran	Ruhollah Khomeini	Ahmadinejad was speaking to a gathering of 600 international scholars who have arrived in Tehran to mark the 20th anniversary of the death of the founder of the Islamic republic Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini which falls on Thursday .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Scorpions	Mercury	Blackout is the eighth studio album by the German heavy metal band Scorpions released in 1982 on EMI Germany Records and Mercury Records .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Grateful Dead	Garcia	The group's formal association with the Grateful Dead did not last long : Hart and Lesh departed before New Riders ' self-titled debut album was released in 1971 and Garcia left shortly thereafter .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	Okkervil River	Austin	Erickson performed alongside Austin-based indie rock band Okkervil River at the Austin Music Awards in 2008 and then again at the 2009 South by Southwest music festival .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Germany	IG Metall	After his return to Germany began work in the department of economics for the workers union IG Metall followed by 4 years at the Organization for European Economic Cooperation in Washington D.C. and Paris .
org:top_members/employees(e1,e2)	Country Garden	Yang Guoqiang	Yang graduated from the Marketing and Logistics Department of Ohio State University and joined Country Garden as an assistant of her father Yang Guoqiang then CEO of the company in 2005 .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Kuomintang	Ma Ying-jeou	Taiwan's main opposition party the Kuomintang ( KMT ) has decided to reject its chairman Ma Ying-jeou 's resignation and asked him to reconsider his decision .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	he	Damascus	Immediately after he took office a reform movement made cautious advances during the Damascus Spring which led al-Assad to shut down Mezzeh prison and release hundreds of political prisoners .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	General Electric	he	While at General Electric he developed many principles of computational complexity theory .
org:founded(e2,e1)	12 June 2008	News Now	Since 12 June 2008 News is served by News Now .
per:spouse(e2,e1)	Ryan Phillippe	Reese Witherspoon	Her name was linked to actor Ryan Phillippe during his highly publicized divorce from Reese Witherspoon with whom he has two children .
per:title(e2,e1)	Prime Minister	Fouad Siniora	In 2006 Lebanese Prime Minister Fouad Siniora and UN envoy Terje proposed a deal in which Kuntar and all other Lebanese prisoners would be released on condition that Syria declared Shebaa farms as Lebanese territory the Lebanese deployed troops on the country's southern border with Israel Israel withdrew from Shebaa farms and the Israeli air force stopped flying over Lebanon Israeli occupation ended Though Hezbollah was not disarmed and Hezbollah was not removed from the border areas .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	He	Veterans Affairs	He previously served as VA Assistant Secretary for Congressional and Legislative Affairs from 2001 to 2004 and was Acting Secretary of Veterans Affairs from October to December 2007 .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Thanom	Thailand	Thanom turned down his appointment Thanom was one of the Three Tyrants who ruled Thailand from 1963 to 1973 and ordered the massacre of pro-democracy students on 14 October 1973 after which he was ordered to step down and be exiled by HM Bhumibol Adulyadej .
org:top_members/employees(e2,e1)	Alex Counts	Grameen Foundation	Alex Counts President and CEO of Grameen Foundation found Meera's message of giving back to ring true : ' giving back ' - when done thoughtfully and in the right spirit - does not leave the donor with less but rather with more .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	he	Finland	During this period he became acquainted with Alfred Kordelin one of Finland 's richest men .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	John Robinson	London	He was a descendant of Christopher Robinson originally of Cleasby Yorkshire who emigrated to Virginia in 1670 and who was the elder brother of The Right Reverend John Robinson Bishop of Bristol and Bishop of London .
org:members(e1,e2)	Star Alliance	United Airlines	Continental Airlines joined Star Alliance on October 27 2009 initiated with a closer partnership with United Airlines .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Edwin Barclay	Liberia	To control their warlike nature President Edwin Barclay of Liberia built a military barak among them .
per:title(e2,e1)	Emperor	John VIII Palaiologos	Upon the death of Byzantine Emperor John VIII Palaiologos in Constantinople in October 1448 the imperial throne fell to Constantine who was crowned on 6 January 1449 in Mystras before departing for the capital .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Justice	Clemente Mastella	Also on Tuesday Italian Justice Minister Clemente Mastella phoned his Brazilian counterpart Tarso Genro to thank Brazilian police for their role in Battisti's capture the Justice Ministry said in a statement .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Armenia	Serzh Sargsyan	Additionally President of Armenia Serzh Sargsyan have visited the United Kingdom in July 2012 .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	England	Stroud College	He played for England Colleges again in 2006 and also captained the Truro College team that beat South Gloucestershire and Stroud College in the final of the British Colleges Cup competition played at Castlecroft .
per:origin(e2,e1)	Iranian	Ali Javan	Later in 1960 the Iranian physicist Ali Javan and William R. Bennett and Donald Herriott constructed the first gas laser using helium and neon that was capable of continuous operation in the infrared ( U.S. Patent ) ; later Javan received the Albert Einstein Award in 1993 .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Yasuo Fukuda	Japan	-- Former Chief Cabinet Secretary Yasuo Fukuda is set to win Japan 's ruling Liberal Democratic Party's presidential election .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Zimbabwe	Zimbabwe Congress of Trade Unions	The European Union expressed concern Thursday about the arrest in Zimbabwe of five prominent union members including Zimbabwe Congress of Trade Unions ( ZCTU ) head Lovemore Matombo .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Bob Graham	Florida	Gwen Graham a Leon County school administrator and the daughter of Bob Graham a former United States Senator and Governor of Florida has announced that she will run against Southerland in 2014 and the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee ( DCCC ) has announced that they will target the race and provide support to her .
no_relation	Falco	Austria	/ is a double-A-side single by Falco released in Austria and Germany in December 1981 .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Abacha	Nigeria	Nigerians faced a period of complete social alienation from their environment from their potential and sometimes on many levels I think we the external exiles were much better off .15 The difference between General Abacha 's regime and other illegitimate regimes in Nigeria is not in what was ( and is being ) done by the different regimes .
no_relation	Sky Movies Screen 2	Sky Movies Gold	After a rebrand on 10 September 1998 Sky Movies Screen 2 became Sky Premier Sky Movies Screen 1 became Sky Moviemax and Sky Movies Gold was renamed Sky Cinema .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	KAIST	Daejeon	KAIST ( formally the Korea Advanced Institute of Science and Technology ) is a public research university located in Daedeok Innopolis Daejeon South Korea .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Pharoah Sanders	Impulse	Elevation is a live album by American saxophonist and composer Pharoah Sanders featuring one track recorded in the studio released on the Impulse !
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Liberia	Charles Taylor	Russell pointed to a 1993 report issued by U.S. immigration officials that said Dwanyen led a group called the Nimba Redemption Council of Liberia which militarily challenged Charles Taylor 's group the National Patriotic Front of Liberia .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Colegio de San Juan de Letran	Manila	The Colegio de San Juan de Letran - Intramuros Manila has for each classroom two air-conditioning units overhead and LCD projectors and television sets and DVD players for science classrooms .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Slovenia	Janez	In 2001 he was bestowed the Order of Freedom of the Republic of Slovenia by Slovene President Janez for his numerous years of work for raising the profile of and establishing the Slovene language abroad .
org:top_members/employees(e2,e1)	Jeremy Travis	John Jay College of Criminal Justice	Jeremy Travis CUNY John Jay College of Criminal Justice President and Chairman of the Task Force said : Governor Paterson and I are both committed to ensuring the safety of our State families and children .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Leeds General Infirmary	England	Leeds General Infirmary also known as the LGI is a large teaching hospital based in the centre of Leeds West Yorkshire England and is part of the Leeds Teaching Hospitals NHS Trust .
per:country_of_birth(e2,e1)	Chile	Denise Rosenthal	Denise Rosenthal Schalchli ( born November 8 1990 in Santiago Chile ) known professionally as Denise Rosenthal is a Chilean actress singer and songwriter who first gained popularity as the character in the 2007 Chilean television series Amango .
no_relation	Ross Video	1974	Ross Video was founded in 1974 by John Ross who provided the initial seed money by selling his refurbished World War II trainer aircraft .
per:cities_of_residence(e2,e1)	Boston	John Singleton Copley	A young Boston artist Henry Pelham half-brother of the celebrated portrait painter John Singleton Copley depicted the event .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	Milwaukee	Golda Meir Library	Material from The Shit House Poet episodes Skips Partners 5ive and The HereAfter were exhibited as part of the University of Wisconsin at Milwaukee Library sponsored Zine Fest from July 18 20 2008 as part of their selection for the Special Collections archive at UWM's Golda Meir Library .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Portugal	de Oliveira Salazar	Presidential elections were held in Portugal on June 8 1958 during the authoritarian Estado Novo regime led by Prime Minister de Oliveira Salazar .
org:city_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Chicago	Chicago and Eastern Illinois Railroad	He served as vice president of the Chicago Rock Island and Pacific Railroad and was a director of the Chicago and Eastern Illinois Railroad and the Delaware and Hudson Canal Company .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Italy	Benito Mussolini	The Fascist Order of the Roman Eagle founded in 1942 with civil and military divisions was abolished in Italy in 1944 ; although it continued to be awarded by Benito Mussolini in the short-lived Italian Social Republic until 1945 .
per:country_of_birth(e2,e1)	France	Marguerite of France	Alys was the half-sister of Marie de Champagne and Alix of France Louis's children by Eleanor of Aquitaine and the younger sister of Marguerite of France .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	United States	Millard Fillmore	This is the common name for the southern part of Erie County New York which served as the home of United States President Millard Fillmore .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Creation	Gem Archer	Oasis were looking for replacements for founding members Bonehead and Guigsy and while Bonehead was quickly replaced with fellow Creation signing and former Heavy Stereo frontman Gem Archer Guigsy proved harder to replace .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Hartford College for Women	Connecticut	The Hartford College for Women ( or HCW ) was a two-year private college for women located in Hartford Connecticut .
org:top_members/employees(e2,e1)	Ray Muzyka	BioWare	said Ray Muzyka chief executive officer BioWare Corp .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Creighton University	Nebraska	In 1967 after graduating with his M.D. degree from the Creighton University School of Medicine in Omaha Nebraska he accepted a one-year internship in Internal Medicine at Providence Hospital in Seattle Washington .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Campbell	Arkansas	When Campbell heard Toussaint's version he immediately identified with the lyrics which reminded him of his own youth growing up on an Arkansas farm .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Energy	Samuel Bodman	Last week President Bush signed a budget bill that included funds for Energy and Secretary Samuel Bodman sent a memo to the workforce saying `` this new law has allowed us to lift the ` hold ' on performance-based awards and discretionary pay adjustments . '' .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Juan Sinforiano	Paraguayan	Juan Sinforiano ( August 21 1863 - February 25 1949 ) was an eminent Paraguayan clergyman the first Roman Catholic archbishop of Paraguay .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	State	Lawrence Eagleburger	Former Secretary of State Lawrence Eagleburger : The only thing I can tell you is this war is not about oil .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Caitlin Cary	Whiskeytown	Fiddler Caitlin Cary ( Whiskeytown ) is 42 .
per:spouse(e1,e2)	Godard	Anna Karina	The next year Kurant shot the TV movie Anna directed by Pierre Koralnik starring Godard 's ex-wife Anna Karina .
org:city_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Chicago	Bell	In accordance with a 1982 Illinois law which protects the interests of beer distributors ( the Beer Industry Fair Dealing Act ) the Chicago distributor ( Union Beverage ) attempted to sell its Bell 's distribution rights to a competitor Chicago Beverage Systems ( CBS ) .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	Lawrence	Lawrence High School	Educating students whose first language is not English is common at Lawrence Public Schools says Thomas Sharkey the principal of Lawrence High School .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Energy	Samuel Bodman	U.S. Energy Secretary Samuel Bodman Mexican Energy Secretary Georgina Kessel and Canadian Minister of Natural Resources Gary Lunn inked the pact in Canada's western city of Victoria .
org:top_members/employees(e2,e1)	Todd McFarlane	Image Comics	Templesmith produced his first commercial American comics work in 2002 providing the art for Todd McFarlane Productions ' Hellspawn which was published by Image Comics .
per:alternate_names(e1,e2)	James II of Scotland	King	He was a cousin of King James II of Scotland being like King James a grandson to King Robert III of Scotland ; Walter went to university and obtained a Master of Arts .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Mitch McConnell	Kentucky	We 're fortunate Mitch McConnell does both fights for Kentucky and is a national leader .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Guardian Life Insurance Company of America	New York	The Guardian Life Insurance Company of America ( GLICOA ) is a Fortune 300 company founded in 1860 in New York New York .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	George Walton Comprehensive High School	Marietta	Hall attended George Walton Comprehensive High School in Marietta Georgia .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Lethbridge School	Wiltshire	Lethbridge School was set up in the year 1891 Swindon - Education and charities | British History OnlineSchools in Swindon Wiltshire England and initially took children between the ages of 7 and 14 .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Alphonso Jackson	Housing and Urban Development	They have vacant lots said Alphonso Jackson the secretary of the Department of Housing and Urban Development .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Meg White	The White Stripes	Catch an all-new episode of The Simpsons entitled Jazzy and the Pussycats featuring the guest voices and musical performance of Jack and Meg White of The White Stripes on Sunday September 17 at 8/7c on FOX .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Jesus Good Shepherd School	Imus	In 1979 he finished his elementary education at Jesus Good Shepherd School in Palico II Imus Cavite .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	United Kingdom	Tony Blair	Diffusing power throughout the United Kingdom was a major initiative of Prime Minister Tony Blair whose Labour Party had won every election in Scotland since 1955 -- until Thursday's narrow defeat .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Niger	Seyni Oumarou	Tandja on Wednesday sent Niger 's prime minister Seyni Oumarou to Tripoli to ask Libya's Colonel Moamer Kadhafi to help restore security but said that he wanted no foreign intervention in this affair which I submit to the hands of the brother leader the official Libyan news agency reported Thursday .
org:members(e2,e1)	East Carolina Pirates	Conference USA	The East Carolina Pirates men's basketball team represents East Carolina University in NCAA Division I college basketball and competes in Conference USA .
no_relation	Sisavang Vong	Laos	King Sisavang Vong of Luang Phrabang became ruler of a unified Laos and Vientiane once again became the capital .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	26th Reserve Division	france	26th Reserve Division was formed by units drawn from the XIII Corps District ( france ) .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Seoul Metropolitan Subway	Seoul	Seoul Subway Line 3 ( dubbed The Orange Line ) of the Seoul Metropolitan Subway is a subway which connects Goyang northwestern Seoul to the city center Gangnam and southeastern Seoul .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Desai	India	The Desai government ended India 's support for the guerrillas loyal to Sheikh Mujibur Rahman the founding leader of Bangladesh who had been assassinated in 1975 by military officers and replaced by a military regime that sought to distance itself from India .
no_relation	Seni Pramoj	US	Seni Pramoj 's wife told the US d'affaires that Pridi had the King assassinated and Democrat Party members spread the same rumor to the British embassy .
no_relation	Infineon Technologies	AG	German computer chipmaker Infineon Technologies AG said Thursday that its revenue for the most recent quarter fell 18 percent as customers placed fewer orders .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	Mandarin Airlines	China Airlines	In the same year Formosa Airlines was merged into Mandarin Airlines thus creating a regional subsidiary of China Airlines .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Mercedes-Benz	Germany	Sales in China rose 113 percent to and Mercedes-Benz delivered cars in Germany -- a 17.1 percent rise .
org:founded_by(e1,e2)	YTL Corporation	Dato	YTL Corporation Berhad ( ) is a Malaysian infrastructure conglomerate founded in 1955 by Tan Sri Dato ' Seri Yeoh Tiong Lay after whom the group is named .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Taliban	Mehsud	The spiritual head of both is the one-eyed Mullah Mohammed Omar the leader of Afghanistan's Taliban before being ousted by the U.S.-led coalition in November 2001 and to whom Mehsud swore allegiance in 2001 according to Muslim .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	T-Mobile	Germany	However according to Unstrung while T-Mobile plans to launch a limited commercial service using femtocells in Germany this year its senior VP of radio networks development Klaus-Juergen Krath has reservation about the technology .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Raila Odinga	Kenya	This act followed the February 28 2008 power-sharing agreement between current President Mwai Kibaki and opposition leader Raila Odinga who became the first prime minister of Kenya since 1964 when the constitution of the newly-created Republic abolished the office .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	Richards	London	Richards was born in South Kensington London She was named Dakota Blue because her mother wanted a combination of a place-name and a colour .
per:title(e2,e1)	singer	Brett Anderson	Stina Nordenstam plays guitar keyboards and sings all vocals but is joined by Suede lead singer Brett Anderson on the songs Trainsurfing and Keen Yellow Planet .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Japan	Kakuei Tanaka	Internationally well-known are : Erwin ( German internist ) Julius Scriba ( German surgeon ) Bruno Taut ( German architect ) Ernest Satow ( British researcher of Japan and diplomat ) Kakuei Tanaka ( Japanese prime minister 1972 - 1974 ) Rikidzan ( famous pro wrestler ) .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	him	British Columbia	Tolmie State Park in Washington is named for him as are Mount Tolmie Tolmie Channel and Tolmie Point in British Columbia .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Lebanon	LAF	In the 2006 Lebanon War the LAF did not engage in a direct conflict with the Israeli Army despite its threat of retaliation if the IDF pushed too far northward into Lebanon .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Bank of Japan	Japan	Ito was reportedly short-listed for the position of Governor of the Bank of Japan following Shinzo Abe's second election as Prime Minister of Japan ( the position ultimately went to Haruhiko Kuroda ) .
no_relation	Luke Doucet	Melissa McClelland	Acts currently prominent in Hamilton's music scene include singer-songwriters Kathleen Edwards Luke Doucet Melissa McClelland Mayor McCA and Wax Mannequin indie rock bands Cities in Dust Sianspheric and A Northern Chorus and hardcore/Metal bands like Counterparts and Threat Signal .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Japan	University of Tsukuba	Given its high ranking among educational institutions in Japan the entrance examination to University of Tsukuba is highly competitive .
org:founded_by(e1,e2)	Metalucifer	Gezolucifer	Metalucifer is a Japanese heavy metal band formed by Gezolucifer ( of Sabbat ) in 1995 .
org:top_members/employees(e2,e1)	Holden	GM	Opel and Holden are the best things GM has going right now - why would they spin off Opel ?
org:founded_by(e1,e2)	Core	New Jersey	The New Jersey Core Curriculum Content Standards were created by the New Jersey State Board of Education in 1996 as the framework for education in New Jersey's public schools and clearly define what all students should know and be able to accomplish at the end of thirteen years of public education .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	he	Germany	In 1963 he left the and joined the Socialist Unity Party of Germany .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Repsol YPF	Spain	Ex-President ex-Chairman and ex-Chief Executive Officer of Repsol YPF Spain 's largest oil and gas group .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Bhutto	Pakistan	The unexpected departure of Asif Ali Zardari has fuelled speculation that Bhutto 's mother and widow of former premier Zulfiqar Ali Bhutto the founder of the Pakistan People's Party is gravely ill .
per:title(e1,e2)	Bernard Mandeville	philosopher	Bernard Mandeville or Bernard de Mandeville ( 15 November 1670 21 January 1733 ) was a philosopher political economist and satirist .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Austria	Archduke Carl Ludwig of Austria	Archduchess Yolande of Austria nee Princesse Yolande Marie Jeanne Charlotte de Ligne ( born 6 May 1923 ) is the widow of Archduke Carl Ludwig of Austria .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	He	Prince Edward Island	He was elected to the Legislative Assembly of Prince Edward Island in the 2007 provincial election .
per:cities_of_residence(e2,e1)	Chicago	Nelson	From his jail cell in Chicago in 2007 Nelson offered a local credit-counseling organization a free monthly newsletter that would warn people how to avoid having their identity stolen .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Khmer Rouge	Khieu Samphan	A close confidant of Pol Pot the Khmer Rouge leader who died in 1998 since their student days in France Mr. Khieu Samphan has denied responsibility for the Khmer Rouge's acts saying he learned of the atrocities committed by his regime only when he saw a documentary about Tuol Sleng in 2003 .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	United States national rugby league team	United States	The United States national rugby league team nicknamed the Tomahawks represents the United States in international rugby league football competitions .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Fenwick High School	Oak Park	Lattner attended Fenwick High School in Oak Park Illinois .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Duceppe	Quebec	This shows that Duceppe was putting Seperatism infront of Quebec 's needs and desires .
no_relation	Deutsche Telekom	AG	The European Commission said Wednesday it would send Germany a final warning before it would sue over a law allowing Deutsche Telekom AG to keep rivals off its high-speed broadband network .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Prachanda	Nepal	After that and until 26 April 2006 the guerilla leader Prachanda directed the military efforts of the CPN ( M ) towards establishing areas of control particularly in the mountainous regions and western Nepal .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Richard Riley	South Carolina	Richard Riley was the first South Carolina governor to have two consecutive terms with his 1982 re-election .
per:cities_of_residence(e2,e1)	Cambridge	William Pitt the Younger	He went to Pembroke College Cambridge in 1775 becoming friends with the future Prime Minister William Pitt the Younger and was awarded MA in 1780 .
per:alternate_names(e2,e1)	Andy Samuel Griffith	Andy Griffith	The 80-year-old actor Andy Samuel Griffith is best known for starring in The Andy Griffith Show which remains one of the most popular series in TV history .
per:country_of_birth(e1,e2)	Pieter Sjoerds Gerbrandy	Netherlands	Pieter Sjoerds Gerbrandy was born in the village of near Sneek in the province of Friesland in the Netherlands .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Ontario	Ernest Charles Drury	In 1919 Premier of Ontario Ernest Charles Drury created the Department of Public Highways though much of the responsibility for establishing the route he left to Minister of the new cabinet position Frank Campbell Biggs .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Georgetown Preparatory School	United States	The son of Rear Admiral Harold Cecil Train ( 1887 1968 ) and May Philipps Train ( 1889 1980 ) he graduated from the Georgetown Preparatory School in 1945 and the United States Naval Academy in 1949 .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	He	France	He applied himself in the first instance to carry the law of 28 June 1833 which established and organized primary education in France .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Scotland	Gordonstoun	Born in Glasgow Scotland Michael Brown claimed to have been the son of a lord and to have attended Gordonstoun and St Andrews University .
org:founded(e2,e1)	1915	the Kentucky Kernel	From 1908 to 1915 the University of Kentucky's student newspaper was called The Idea but it became the Kentucky Kernel following a naming contest in 1915 .
org:founded(e2,e1)	2005	Hero	In 2005 newly-launched cable channel Hero owned by the ABS-CBN Corporation released Voltes V as Voltes V Evolution .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	UCSY	Burma	UCSY Railway Station ( University of Computer Studies Station ) is a railway station on the Yangon Circular Railway in Yangon Burma .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Ireland	All Hallows College	O'Farrell initially served as a missionary in Sheffield England before returning to Ireland where he became the Professor of Ecclesiastical History and of Higher Mathematics and Physics at All Hallows College in Dublin ; subsequently taking up a post as Professor of Moral Theology at the Irish College in Paris .
no_relation	Zuffa	International Fight League	In December 2006 Zuffa acquired the northern California-based promotion World Extreme Cagefighting ( WEC ) in order to stop the International Fight League ( IFL ) from making a deal with Versus ( now NBC Sports Network ) .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	He	Agriculture and Industries	He is the former Commissioner of Agriculture and Industries .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Metaxas	Greece	He has praised Metaxas for resisting the Italian invasion of Greece .
org:top_members/employees(e2,e1)	Benny Hinn	Daystar Television Network	This is Your Day is a Christian television show hosted by pastor Benny Hinn and broadcast several times a week in the United States by the Trinity Broadcasting Network the Daystar Television Network Revelation TV Grace TV VisionTV INSP Networks The God Channel and various local affiliates to an estimated four million followers .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	278th Armored Cavalry Regiment	Tennessee	The 278th Armored Cavalry Regiment ( 278th ACR Third Tennessee ) is a regiment of the Tennessee Army National Guard with headquarters in Knoxville Tennessee .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	United States	Lyndon B. Johnson	thumb | Johnson lying in state in the United States Capitol rotunda.Johnson was buried in his family cemetery ( which although it is part of the Lyndon B. Johnson National Historical Park in Stonewall Texas is still privately owned by the Johnson family who have requested that the public not enter the cemetery ) a few yards from the house in which he was born .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Lon Nol	Cambodia	Lon Rith whose father Gen. Lon Nol ruled Cambodia from 1970-75 is the founder of the Khmer Republican Party the party's secretary-general Nhean Preash said at a press conference .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Buford Pusser	Tennessee	Walking Tall is a 1973 American action semi-biopic film of Sheriff Buford Pusser a former professional wrestler-turned-lawman in McNairy County Tennessee .
org:city_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Sydney	University of Sydney	Mandelbaum House in Sydney Australia is a Jewish residential college open to both men and women regardless of religion or nationality affiliated with the University of Sydney .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Nash	The Hollies	Nash was featured vocally on ' Just One Look ' in 1964 and sang his first lead vocal on the original Hollies song To You My Love on the band's second album In The Hollies Style ( 1964 ) .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Lebanese Armed Forces	Lebanon	In March 1991 the National Assembly of Lebanon passed an amnesty law that pardoned all political crimes prior to its enactment and in May 1991 the militias with the important exceptions of Hezbollah and the SLA were dissolved and the Lebanese Armed Forces began to slowly rebuild themselves as Lebanon 's only major non-sectarian institution .
per:origin(e2,e1)	Burmese	Saw Maung	SLORC was formed when the Burmese Armed Forces commanded by General Saw Maung ( later self-promoted to ' Senior General ' Saw Maung died July 1997 ) seized power on 18 September 1988 crushing the ' Four Eights Uprising ' .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	China	Shenzhen Development Bank	The China Ping An Insurance ( Group ) which had plans to buy a 22 billion yuan ( 3.2 billion U.S. dollars ) stake in Shenzhen Development Bank ( SDB ) said Sunday that there are no changes in buying into the bank for the moment .
org:top_members/employees(e1,e2)	Lafayette College	Daniel Weiss	On November 17 2012 prior to the 148th game the presidents of Lafayette College and Lehigh University Daniel Weiss and Alice Gast respectively jointly announced that the 150th game will be played on November 22 2014 at Yankee Stadium in New York City and will be broadcast on ESPN .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Belgium	KBC bank	Belgium 's KBC bank on Thursday reported a loss of 906 million euros ( US$ 1.16 billion ) in the third quarter after it wrote down the value of financial assets .
no_relation	She	James	She was interred at Saint James Episcopal Church Cemetery in Hyde Park New York .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Georgia Department of Transportation	Georgia	The Heart of Georgia Railroad is a shortline railroad created in 1999 to lease and operate of track owned by the Georgia Department of Transportation between Mahrt Alabama and Vidalia Georgia .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Lorne Calvert	NDP	Lorne Calvert Premier of Saskatchewan and leader of the New Democratic Party ( NDP ) advised the Lieutenant Governor of Saskatchewan to call an election for November 7 2007 .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Sudan	Ismail al-Azhari	Sudan 's first President Ismail al-Azhari was a member of the party when it was known as the National Unionist Party .
no_relation	John II Komnenos	Manuel I Komnenos	Maria was the youngest child of sebastokrator Isaac Komnenos son of John II Komnenos and elder brother of the Byzantine Emperor Manuel I Komnenos and Isaac's first wife Theodora great-granddaughter of King Ladislaus I of Hungary .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	John Edwards	North Carolina	Elizabeth Edwards has also become a free operator on behalf of her husband of 29 years a development that her friends suggest reflects the clarity and perspective that come from her cancer diagnoses and her increasingly confident political instincts as she advises John Edwards a North Carolina Democrat in his second White House bid .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	University of the West Indies	Mona	She later obtained a Master's Degree in Communications Studies from the University of the West Indies ' Mona campus in Jamaica .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Daladier	France	Daladier ( ; 1884 1970 ) was a French Radical politician and the Prime Minister of France at the start of the Second World War .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e2,e1)	Florida	Mel Martinez	McCain attracted moderate voters who might have supported Giuliani and he drew the endorsements of Florida 's top Republican leaders Gov. Charlie Crist and Sen. Mel Martinez .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Northern Rock	England	Northern Rock which has been doing one-fifth of the new home loans in Britain had to go to the Bank of England for emergency funding .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Ohio Wesleyan University	Delaware	The Ufferman Site was one of the first of these places to be recognized as a historic site ; only four other places the Delaware County Courthouse and a historic district of three buildings on the Ohio Wesleyan University campus in Delaware the Spruce Run Earthworks near the village of Galena and the Highbank Park Works near the city of Worthington were listed on the Register before the Ufferman Site .
no_relation	Tony Yayo	G-Unit	Tony Yayo said that neither Jackson ( 50 Cent ) or G-Unit would accept his apology .
per:title(e1,e2)	Tomei	Actress	Tomei also received an Academy Award nomination for Best Supporting Actress for her performance .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Malaysia	DRB-HICOM	Volkswagen inks deal with Malaysia 's DRB-HICOM : report .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Solana	Socialist Workers ' Party	On returning to Spain in 1971 Solana joined the Democratic Co-ordination of Madrid as the Spanish Socialist Workers ' Party ( PSOE ) representative .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Nelson	RCA	You Ought to Hear Me Cry would be issued as a single in 1977 long after Nelson left RCA .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Australia	Samantha Jade	What You 've Done to Me is the winner's single by series four winner of The X Factor ( Australia ) Samantha Jade .
org:top_members/employees(e2,e1)	Phyllis Schlafly	s Eagle Foru	Phyllis Schlafly ? s Eagle Foru m believes appointing the right federal and local judges is more important than electing members of Congress or the President .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Burhanuddin Rabbani	Afghanistan	After an conflict with the President of the Northern alliance Burhanuddin Rabbani Mojadidi was expelled from Badakhshan.Afghan Bios : Mujadidi After the US invasion of Afghanistan and the toppling of the Taliban government Mojadidi came to be in charge of the security of the new Afghan President Hamid Karzai and the two became close allies .
per:cities_of_residence(e2,e1)	Berkeley	Richard Diebenkorn	He studied at the Monterey Peninsula College California the Monterey Institute of Foreign Studies and San College ( arts and humanities ) subsequently at the University of California Berkeley a.o. with David Hockney R.B. Kitaj Elmer Bischoff and Richard Diebenkorn In 1967 B. A. in Philosophy in 1969 M.A. in arts .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	Viktor Yushchenko	Ukraine	He was elected to the Ukrainian parliament of 4th convocation by the party list of Viktor Yushchenko Bloc Our Ukraine where he joined a faction of Ukrainian People's Movement .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	Ontario Agricultural College	University of Guelph	Hannam taught in rural schools in Ontario and Saskatchewan before attending and graduating from the University of Toronto's Ontario Agricultural College ( became part of the University of Guelph since 1964 ) in 1926 .
org:founded(e2,e1)	1951	Canadian Association of University Teachers	Alliances were made with university professors through their newly formed ( 1951 ) union Canadian Association of University Teachers ( CAUT ) and the National Conference of Canadian Universities ( NCCU today known as the Association of Universities and Colleges of Canada ( AUCC ) ) .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Eastside High School	Taylors	Eastside High School is a public high school located in Taylors a suburb of Greenville South Carolina USA .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	George Washington	United States	George Washington ( February 22 1732 ) - Known as the father of the United States Washington led the U.S. Continental Army to victory over Great Britain in the Revolutionary War .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Adam Jones	Tool	David Scott Stone ( sometimes referred to as Sir DSS and Mr. David Ascott Stone ) is a musician who has recorded and toured with artists like The Melvins Unwound The Locust Jello Biafra Keiji Haino Mike Patton Adam Jones ( Tool ) Merzbow Masonna Big Business No Age Joe Lally and others .
no_relation	Kickers	1970	With the Chicago Kickers in July 1968 and the Toronto Royals in September 1968 before returning to Chicago in 1969 and rejoining the Kickers to win the title again in 1970 .
per:origin(e1,e2)	Salvador Allende	Chile	Project FUBELT ( also known as Track II ) is the code name for the secret Central Intelligence Agency ( CIA ) operations that were to prevent Salvador Allende rise to power before his confirmation and promote a military coup in Chile .
org:top_members/employees(e2,e1)	George Papandreou	Panhellenic Socialist Movement	On 4 October 2009 George Papandreou president of the Panhellenic Socialist Movement party and son and grandson of Prime Ministers was elected as the new Prime Minister of Greece following five years of government under New Democracy leader Kostas Karamanlis the nephew of long-time Prime Minister and President Konstantinos Karamanlis .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	George Cabot	Massachusetts	And their great-great-grandfather was George Cabot ( 1752 1823 ) was an American merchant seaman he was a United States Senator from Massachusetts the Presiding Officer of the Hartford Convention he was a member of the Massachusetts Provincial Congress in 1775 a delegate to the state constitutional convention in 1777 a delegate to the state convention that adopted the United States Constitution in 1787 he was elected ( as Pro-Administration ) to the United States Senate ( 1791 1796 ) and when he resigned he was appointed to but declined to be the first United States Secretary of the Navy in 1798 .
org:founded(e2,e1)	1987	Focus	In 1987 Gross went to Focus on the Family where he was one of the original writers and contributors for Family News in Focus .
per:spouse(e1,e2)	John Hassall	Constance Brooke Webb	Born at 88 Kensington Park Road Notting Hill London Joan Hassall was the daughter of the artist John Hassall famous for his poster Skegness is so bracing and his second wife Constance Brooke Webb .
no_relation	Thursday February 28	Stuart School of Business	* Thursday February 28 * 8:00 -10:00 am IIT Stuart School of Business http://rs6.net/tn.jsp?e=001BNHQWFR7RlxXivX2UAH7kei64Zv0ZLZcBdeKZ8Eh9B . . ( 565 W. Adams 10th Floor ) $ 11.50 for CSBA Members $ 23 for non-members Complete Information http://rs6.net/tn.jsp?e=001BNHQWFR7Rlyu7TGADTZimyv24NQh5J22JT8yjmTfcB . . | | Pre-Registration ( required ! ) .
org:top_members/employees(e1,e2)	News Corporation	Peter Chernin	Malaria No More was founded in the US at the White House Summit on Malaria in 2006 by former News Corporation President Peter Chernin and Wall Street pioneer Ray Chambers now the first UN Special Envoy on Malaria .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	Bovespa	Vale	Petrobras ' fall also led to bad results on the entire Bovespa as Petrobras and Vale accounted for more than 25 % of Bovespa's trade value InfoMoney : JPMorgan Chase rebaixa do Brasil para underweight the devaluation of those companies ' shares led it to lose more than points in just 25 days .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	113th Wing	Air National Guard	Schools in the district ( with 2008-09 enrollment data from the National Center for Education Statistics ) are : On November 4 2004 at around 9pm an F-16 Fighting Falcon jet from the 113th Wing of the District of Columbia Air National Guard based at Andrews Air Force Base in Maryland on a training mission at the Fort Dix United States Army installation in Warren Grove was climbing upward at feet .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Chicago State University	Chicago	In Illinois institutions that could benefit from this program include : City Colleges of Chicago Kennedy-King College ; Chicago State University ; South Suburban College ; City Colleges of Chicago Harold Washington College ; City Colleges of Chicago Malcolm X College ; City Colleges of Chicago Olive-Harvey College ; East-West University ; and Robert Morris College .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Asif Ali Zardari	Karachi	The ANP and MQM are parties in a coalition led by President Asif Ali Zardari 's Pakistan People's Party ( PPP ) ruling Sindh province of which Karachi is the capital .
org:top_members/employees(e1,e2)	II Corps	Omar Bradley	The II Corps surgeon Colonel Richard T. Arnest submitted a report on the incident to Brigadier General William B. Kean chief of staff of II Corps who submitted it to Lieutenant General Omar Bradley commander of II Corps .
no_relation	Google	2006	Piracy was so prevalent at YouTube in its early years that Google branded the video-sharing site as a ` rogue enabler ' of content theft before it bought the service in 2006 according to internal documents unearthed in the lawsuit .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Venezuela	Betancourt	Gallegos was overthrown a few months later by a military junta headed by Carlos Delgado Chalbaud who was later succeeded by the dictatorship of Marcos of several parties and the beginning of COPEI After the overthrow of and the consequent constitution of a provisional government headed by Wolfgang in 1958 Caldera was elected Solicitor General of Venezuela but left this position to participate in the 1958 Presidential Elections which were won by Betancourt of .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Canterbury	Ralph d'Escures	During the archbishopric of Thurstan the Archbishop of York between 1114 and 1140 the dispute flared up and Thurstan appealed to the papacy over the issue with Canterbury under Ralph d'Escures countering with information from Bede as well as forged documents .
org:top_members/employees(e1,e2)	Fine	Tim Schafer	The studio opted to create an adventure game a game genre that has been languishing for more than a decade though one that Double Fine 's president Tim Schafer has had an influential history in .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Treasury	Robert Rubin	Although the act had given Treasury Secretary Robert Rubin the authority to carry out the report by selecting new coin designs Secretary Rubin preferred to await congressional action .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	BYU-Idaho	Rexburg	BYU-Idaho Radio originates from Brigham Young University-Idaho and comprises three stations : BYU-Idaho Radio 91.5 FM ( KBYR ) Always Inspirational : Listeners can tune into this station in the Rexburg area or can enjoy via a live stream .
per:title(e2,e1)	President	Daniel arap Moi	I am afraid this statement is not altogether true the erstwhile Kenyan President Daniel arap Moi is not Kikuyu but from the minority Kalenjin and took over upon Jomo Kenyatta's death .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Lorie	France	She has also launched a clothing line Lorie only found in the Z stores in France .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Toronto-Dominion Bank	Toronto	At the Toronto-Dominion Bank Tower was the tallest building in Canada when completed and it remains the fifth-tallest building in Toronto .
per:title(e1,e2)	Arnold	actress	Arnold left high school when she was 16 when she was drawn to becoming an actress .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	he	North Carolina	Thus he became the first Democratic nominee to lose the North Carolina gubernatorial race in the twentieth century .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e2,e1)	Alberta	Alison Redford	Also at the 2012 Calgary Stampede Alberta 's rival conservative leaders Alberta PC Premier Alison Redford and Wildrose Opposition Leader both attended Prime Minister Harper's barbue party as did other Canadian conservative legislators included federal and provincial cabinet ministers .
org:members(e1,e2)	Bute Medical School	University of St Andrews	The Bute Medical School ( University of St Andrews ) and Durham Medical School offer undergraduate pre-clinical courses only with students proceeding to another medical school for clinical studies .
no_relation	Butthole Surfers	Latino Buggerveil	The album was reissued yet again in October 2007 by the Butthole Surfers ' own label Latino Buggerveil and included the four songs from their 1989 EP Widowermaker as bonus tracks .
no_relation	Australian Airlines	TAA	In 1989 Australian Airlines the successor to TAA and previously the owner of now-defunct Air Queensland took a one-third share in Sunstate .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	Billy Hughes	Sydney	At the time of their marriage Billy Hughes represented a Sydney seat but between 1917 and 1922 he represented Bendigo in Victoria .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Columbia University	New York	Department of Medicine St. Luke's - Roosevelt Hospital Center Columbia University College of Physicians and Surgeons New York NY .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Simone Veil	France	Last year's winner was the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation and in 2005 it went to Simone Veil of France a Holocaust survivor and former president of the European Parliament .
org:founded(e1,e2)	Norfolk and Western Railway	Roanoke Virginia	Norfolk and Western Railway 's J class steam locomotives were a class of 4-8-4 locomotives built by the Norfolk and Western Railway's East End Shops in Roanoke Virginia between 1941 and 1950 .
per:title(e2,e1)	artist	Craig	Regarding the many positions he has held in the music industry ( artist producer DJ label boss and more ) Craig has said : I have a bad habit of getting my hands dirty in every little thing and I really do enjoy it .
org:city_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Cairo	Al-Azhar University	A former student at Cairo 's Al-Azhar University Attar is accused of spying for Israel's Mossad intelligencs service and has been described in the press as a homosexual and a convert to Christianity .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Memorial High School	Texas	McAllen Memorial High School is one of three high schools serving the McAllen Texas area as a part of the McAllen Independent School District .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Barnsley	England	The Elmhirst School was a comprehensive school on the B6100 ( Ardsley Road ) in Worsbrough Dale south of Barnsley South Yorkshire England .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Zambia	Levy Mwanawasa	He served as Vice-President of Zambia from 2004 to 2006 under President Levy Mwanawasa who indicated that had Mwape not been defeated in the 2006 parliamentary election he would almost certainly have been re-appointed as Vice-President .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Italy	Giuliano Amato	The police operation against trafficking in human beings in particular that of minors for prostitution which is unfortunately one of the most widespread offenses in Italy is among my top priorities Interior Minister Giuliano Amato said in the statement .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Corrinne	Pink Armchair Records	Corrinne 's 5th album Crooked Lines was released in late March 2012 both in the US by Corrinne's label Pink Armchair Records and by Warner Music in Singapore .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Japan	Fujitsu	But sales in the same sector declined outside of Japan due to the rise in the yen over the past year Fujitsu said .
org:top_members/employees(e1,e2)	SOFs	Robert K. Brown	SOFs Robert K. Brown gave MacKenzie a job as a contributing editor for unconventional operations and MacKenzie continued his unconventional career .
no_relation	Central	United States	City of Central is a city in East Baton Rouge Parish Louisiana United States .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e2,e1)	Virginia	Timbaland	After returning Portsmouth Virginia Elliott and record producer Timbaland began writing songs contributing several to singer Aaliyah's album One in a Million .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	Federico Solmi	New York	Federico Solmi ( born April 1973 in Bologna Italy ) is a Brooklyn-based Bologna-born visual artist living in New York .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e2,e1)	Texas	James Baker	Look at the big-name Texas Republicans who are with him now - Robert Mosbacher James Baker Kay Hutchison Bill Clements for God's sake .
per:title(e1,e2)	Wilkinson	actor	Wilkinson was nominated for best supporting actor for playing a lawyer who goes off the rails in Michael Clayton .
no_relation	the nation	Lahore	Many of the nation 's senior military figures also hail from Punjab province of which Lahore is the capital .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	UCF Knights	University of Central Florida	The 2007 UCF Knights football team represented the University of Central Florida in the 2007 NCAA Division I FBS football season .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Greenwood	California	Things started to go awry in his last years of high school and Greenwood who had moved to California began hearing from relatives in Houston that Nichols was running with a tough crowd .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e2,e1)	New Jersey	Barbato	Frank Sinatra met Nancy Barbato when he was nineteen and they were married on February 4 1939 in Jersey City New Jersey Barbato 's home town .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Abdul Qadir Khan Durrani	Afghanistan	In 1776 Timur Shah compelled his uncle Abdul Qadir Khan Durrani to leave Afghanistan .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e2,e1)	California	Gracie Allen	In celebration of Burns ' 99th birthday in January 1995 Los Angeles California renamed the eastern end of Alden Drive Gracie Allen Drive .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Iowa	Hawkeyes	Participating in the Big Ten and the NCAA's Division I they are : Iowa began playing baseball in 1890 when the Hawkeyes went a combined 2 1 ( two wins and one loss ) against two teams Cornell and Vinton .
no_relation	NDP	Lorne Calvert	The policy itself has broad political support : the Liberal Party of Canada also supports a 5 % renewable fuels standard and former Saskatchewan NDP Premier Lorne Calvert promoted a 10 % biofuels mandate .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Japan	her	HMV Japan ranked her No. 10 Top Japanese Artist of All Time and No. 7 Top Singer of All Time .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Defense	Jaak Aaviksoo	The Bronze Soldier monument commemorating Red Army soldiers who died during World War II will be re-erected at a cemetery outside Tallinn's city center by May 8 a day before Russians celebrate the Allied victory over Nazi Germany Defense Minister Jaak Aaviksoo told reporters .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	He	Western Maryland College	He occupied positions at Johns Hopkins Western Maryland College Western University of Pennsylvania ( now University of Pittsburgh ) and NYU where he was dean after 1902 .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	National Education	Fillon	Since 18 May 2007 he has been the Minister of National Education in Fillon governments .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Martin Feldstein	Council of Economic Advisers	Yet no less eminent an economist than Martin Feldstein a Harvard professor former president of the National Bureau of Economic Research and chairman of Ronald Reagan's Council of Economic Advisers when the country was recovering from a severe recession in the early 1980s is worried .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	de San	Chile	( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/John_Wilkes ) 1817 : An army of over soldiers led by General de San crossed the Andes from Argentina to liberate Chile and then Peru from Spanish rule .
org:members(e2,e1)	LSU Tigers baseball	SEC	After graduating from high school in 1994 Furniss enrolled at Louisiana State University ( LSU ) where he played college baseball for the LSU Tigers baseball team in the Southeastern Conference ( SEC ) of the National Collegiate Athletic Association's ( NCAA ) Division I. Furniss batted .326 as a freshman with the LSU Tigers in 1995 .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	Daimler AG	Chrysler	On January 1 2006 LaSorda succeeded Dieter Zetsche a German from the parent company DaimlerChrysler ( now Daimler AG ) as Chrysler 's CEO as Zetsche was promoted to chief executive of DaimlerChrysler Group as a reward for the turnaround of Chrysler .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Indian Institute of Management Lucknow	Lucknow	The Indian Institute of Management Lucknow ( abbreviated IIM Lucknow or IIM-L ) is an autonomous public business school located in Lucknow Uttar Pradesh India .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Pietro Badoglio	Italy	For the latter Berlinguer was a member of the second government formed by Pietro Badoglio in southern Italy .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e2,e1)	New York	Thomas DiNapoli	Labels : celibacy New York state NY Senate Thomas DiNapoli .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	National Defence Commission	Kim Jong-Il	The delegation was led by Lieutenant General Kim Yong-Chol top policy maker at the National Defence Commission chaired by leader Kim Jong-Il .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Wesleyan University	CT	Carroll earned his BS ( 1985 ) in physics from NC State University ( Raleigh NC ) and his PhD ( 1993 ) in physics from Wesleyan University in ( Middletown CT ) with Dr. Dale Doering ( thesis advisor ) .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Troger	Italy	Troger also studied in Rome with Sebastiano Ricci in Naples with Francesco Solimena and in Bologna the leading artistic centers of Italy at the time .
org:top_members/employees(e2,e1)	Sue Gardner	Wikimedia Foundation	In her speech Sue Gardner executive director of the Wikimedia Foundation was effusive in her praise for all that Wikipedians have created but she too thought there was reason for concern .
no_relation	Indian Airlines	India	As of 2005 Indian Airlines was the second largest airline in India after Jet Airways while Air Sahara controlled 17 % of the Indian aviation industry .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Prachanda	Nepal	Pushpa Kamal Dahal ( ; born Chhabilal Dahal on 11 December 1954 mononymously known as Prachanda ( ) ) is a former guerrilla leader and chairman of the Unified Communist Party of Nepal ( Maoist ) ( CPN ( M ) ) .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	University of London	School of Oriental and African Studies	[ 3 ] University of London School of Oriental and African Studies law professor Iain Scobbie noted in 2006 that Israel retains absolute authority over Gaza ?s airspace and territorial sea .
org:city_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Brighton	Brighton College	Born in Hove Sussex in 1929 Patricia Goldsmith attended Brighton and Hove High School before enrolling at Brighton College of Art in 1947 where she was awarded a National Diploma in Design and an Arts Teacher Diploma .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Jason Truby	Living Sacrifice	Curiel was replaced by Jason Truby former member of Christian metal band Living Sacrifice and assisted with the recording of Sleeping Awake from The Matrix Reloaded soundtrack .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Tony Shalhoub	USA	In 2002 Schram landed a major role opposite Tony Shalhoub on the USA mystery series Monk .
per:alternate_names(e2,e1)	Abu Talib	his	It was because of Abu Talib 's ( a.s. ) good fortune that apart from his ancestral services and prestige he also inherited from sons of Ismail ( a.s. ) high status and courage .
no_relation	DeMint	South Carolina	DeMint 's win meant that South Carolina was represented by two Republican Senators for the first time since Reconstruction when Thomas J. Robertson and John J. Patterson served together as Senators .
per:alternate_names(e1,e2)	Shaan	Armaan Shahid	Even terrorism can be countered said Shaan whose real name is Armaan Shahid .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Bahamasair	Bahamas	Bahamasair Holdings Limited operating as Bahamasair is an airline based in the Bahamasair House in Nassau Bahamas .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Chris Evans	BBC	In 1995 Chris Evans moved to the BBC to take over the ailing Breakfast show taking previous colleagues producer John Revell engineer Dan McGrath and researcher Samos .
per:title(e2,e1)	Prime Minister	Frank Bainimarama	But Prime Minister Commodore Frank Bainimarama said Tuesday that the company has paid minimal corporate taxes since it was set up .
per:title(e1,e2)	Kevin Bishop	comedian	Now there is a Kevin Bishop in England who is easily found in Google as well as Lexis/Nexis but he is a former child actor turned comedian who has a show on Channel 4 in England .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Rita Marley	Jamaica	Rita Marley stated that she also converted to Rastafari upon the visit of Selassie I to Jamaica when she saw marks in his hands similar to those Jesus bore when he was nailed to the cross .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Iowa State	Ames	KURE ( 88.5 FM ) is a radio station licensed to Ames Iowa USA the station serves the Iowa State community Ames and surrounding areas .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Hampton High School	Hampton	Hampton High School is a high school located in Hampton New Brunswick Canada .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Philippines	Elpidio Quirino	He also served as Secretary of Foreign Affairs of the Republic of the Philippines from 1948 to 1950 and 1952 to 1953 both under the administration of President Elpidio Quirino and an economic adviser to the Philippine Mission at the United Nations with the rank of Ambassador from 1956 to 1965 .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	his	Oklahoma	In 2003 Governor Henry appointed Meacham to serve concurrently as his Oklahoma Secretary of Finance and Revenue and as his Director of the Oklahoma Office of State Finance .
org:founded(e1,e2)	The Coasters	1955	The Coasters are a doo-wop group that started in October 1955 .
per:cities_of_residence(e2,e1)	Montgomery County	Jeff	A lifelong resident of Montgomery County Jeff grew up in the Layhill neighborhood of Silver Spring and attended Montgomery County Public Schools .
per:title(e1,e2)	Seyni Oumarou	Prime Minister	In June 2007 Seyni Oumarou was nominated as the new Prime Minister after Hama Amadou was democratically forced out of office by the National Assembly through a motion of no confidence .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	he	United Russia	Having previously stood above party politics he called on voters to back United Russia in a broadcast three days before the election .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Fiji	Josefa Iloilo	Monday's appointment followed swearing in of Fiji 's army commander Commodore Voreqe Bainimarama Friday as interim Prime Minister a day after his handing back executive authority to President Ratu Josefa Iloilo .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	The Thomas Hardye School	Dorset	The Thomas Hardye School is a secondary academy school in Dorchester Dorset England .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	University of Oxford	Oxford University Press	Humphrey Sumner Milford ( 8 February 1877 6 September 1952 ) was an English publisher and editor who from 1913 to 1945 was Publisher to the University of Oxford and head of the London operations of Oxford University Press ( OUP ) .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	his	Wakefield	In his first spell at Bradford he was loaned out to Wakefield RFC for which he played one game of Rugby Union .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	William Ellis School	London	Bowen was educated at William Ellis School London and King's College Cambridge where he was a choral scholar ( 1985 88 ) .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	JD Sports	Bury	JD Sports Fashion plc more commonly known as just JD ( ) is a sports-fashion retail company based in Bury Greater Manchester England with shops throughout the United Kingdom and with four in Ireland .
no_relation	Wembley Stadium	England national football team	Wembley Stadium in London is the current exclusive home stadium for the England national football team .
per:cities_of_residence(e2,e1)	London	William Lloyd Webber	Andrew Lloyd Webber was born in Kensington London the elder son of William Lloyd Webber ( 1914 1982 ) a composer and organist and Jean Hermione ( Johnstone ; 1921 1993 ) a violinist and pianist .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Sonthi Boonyaratglin	Council for National Security	Sonthi Boonyaratglin ( ) ( born 2 October 1946 ) is former Commander-in-Chief of the Royal Thai Army and former head of the Council for National Security the military junta that ruled the kingdom.Thai coup general quits position BBC He is the first Muslim in charge of the mostly Buddhist army .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Brigham Young University	Provo	They joined Brigham Young University 's song-and - dance troupe the Lamanite Generation and attended the Lamanite ward in Provo .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Caltech	Kip Thorne	Caltech colleague Kip Thorne says it was that combination of fun and intellect that made Feynman perhaps the most magnetic physicist of the 20th century : The people I know admired his breadth of interest his curiosity and his love of life .
per:country_of_birth(e1,e2)	Joseph Attieh	oun	Joseph Attieh ( in Arabic ) ( born in Mehmarch Batr oun ; Lebanon on May 13 1986 ) is a Lebanese singer who won the third season of Star Academy Lebanon in 2005 after winning 55 % of the vote becoming the first Lebanese candidate to win the reality talent show .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Curtin	Australia	In Menzies's absence Curtin co-operated with Deputy Prime Minister Arthur Fadden in preparing Australia for the expected Pacific War .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Clark University	Worcester	He received a B.A. in history from the University of British Columbia and a M.A. and Ph.D. from Clark University in Worcester Massachusetts .
org:members(e2,e1)	The Emotions	Stax	Additionally in 1975 Maurice established a production company called Kalimba Productions to which he signed artists such as his former bandleader Ramsey Lewis singer Deniece Williams ( a former member of Stevie Wonder's Wonderlove backup group ) and girl group The Emotions who had a run of hits with Stax Records from 1969 to 1974 .
no_relation	Ferris State University	Big Rapids	He attended Barbour Hall junior military academy situated within Nazareth convent in Kalamazoo Michigan ; then Howe Military School Howe Indiana Ferris State University Big Rapids Michigan.Who's Who In 1963 Fugate-Wilcox married Valerie Monroe Shakespeare who convinced him to drop Raymond changing his name to Terry Fugate-Wilcox left college to pursue a career as an artist .
no_relation	Alexander Downer	Mayo	In 2008 former ministers Peter McGauran Alexander Downer and Mark Vaile resigned seeking other career options sparking Gippsland Mayo and Lyne by-elections .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	McGuinty	Ottawa	McGuinty just barely missed the 50 % mark but was nonetheless re-elected handily in Ottawa South .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Fatah	Mahmoud Abbas	He now lives in the West Bank and was chosen earlier this month to the top body of Fatah -- the movement headed by Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	France	Nicolas Sarkozy	France 's President Nicolas Sarkozy said Monday he and German Chancellor Angela Merkel would propose new rules to sanction EU countries that run an excessive public deficit .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Mathieu	Benin	Accompanied by President Mathieu of Benin Natchaba returned to Togo on 5 March 2005 .
org:founded(e2,e1)	1903	News-Miner	The News-Miner was founded as the Weekly Fairbanks News in 1903 by George M. Hill and assumed the News-Miner name in 1909 under editor William Fentress Thompson when Zachary Hickman sold his newspaper The Miner News to the Fairbanks News .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Interior	Giuliano Amato	Interior Minister Giuliano Amato said the arrest showed how Italy was cracking down on the illegal protection racket which has long been one of the Mafia's most lucrative activities .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Prachanda	Nepal	Prachanda was elected the first prime minister of the Federal Democratic Republic of Nepal on Aug. 15 and the cabinet under leadership of his party the Communist Party of Nepal ( Maoist ) got its full shape on Aug. 31 with all 23 ministers having been appointed .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	University of Phoenix	Arizona	The university paid $ 154.5 million for 20-year naming rights for advertising purposes of the University of Phoenix Stadium in Glendale Arizona a municipal sports arena home of the NFL's Arizona Cardinals and the site of the NCAA's Tostitos Fiesta Bowl .
org:founded(e2,e1)	2001	its	The team was founded in 2001 and played its home fixtures at Brian Timmis Stadium until a rent dispute with the city caused home games to be moved to Vaughan midway through the 2005 season .
no_relation	University	Washington State University Vancouver	In 1989 the University formally established Washington State University Vancouver as a branch campus of the state's land-grant institution .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	Orlando	Chicago	New Colony Six recorded an Orlando composition I 'm Just Waitin ' ( Anticipatin ' For Her To Show Up ) which charted locally in Chicago and Bubbled Under the Hot 100 in July 1967 .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Israel	Israel Electric Corporation	He served as chairman of Israel Chemicals of Mifaley Tovala of Harsit and Hol Zach and a member of the board of Israel Electric Corporation Dead Sea Works Dead Sea Bromine Dead Sea Periclase Haifa Chemicals Chemicals and Phosphates and others .
no_relation	Thierry Amar	Carla Bozulich	In 2006 Menuck with Sophie Trudeau and Thierry Amar assisted in the recording of Carla Bozulich 's first release for Constellation Records Evangelista .
org:city_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Ithaca	Cornell University	He is the author of Meeting the Demands of Reason : The Life and Thought of Andrei Sakharov ( Ithaca NY : Cornell University Press 2009 ) and Vera Zasulich : A Biography ( Stanford CA : Stanford University Press 1983 ; Japanese edition 1986 ) .
org:alternate_names(e1,e2)	U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission	SEC	The U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ) is asking hedge-fund advisers for information about relationships their investors and employees have with public companies The Wall Street Journal reported on Wednesday .
per:title(e1,e2)	David Ben-Gurion	Prime Minister	He also oversaw the construction of the Soroka Medical Center and helped establish the Negev University later renamed in honor of David Ben-Gurion Israel's first Prime Minister and a proponent of developing the Negev desert .
org:alternate_names(e1,e2)	Road Travel Magazine	Motorscene	Road Travel Magazine was founded in 1989 by Courtney Caldwell under the name American Woman Motorscene .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Mahidol Adulyadej	Thailand	Mahidol usually refers to Prince Mahidol Adulyadej of Songkla father of King Bhumibol Adulyadej of Thailand .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Bethel University	Arden Hills	The Baptist General Conference operates the Bethel Theological Seminary and Bethel University in Arden Hills Minnesota near St. Paul and maintains business offices in Arlington Heights Illinois .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	University of Prince Edward Island	Charlottetown	The UPEI Panthers are the men's and women's athletic teams that represent the University of Prince Edward Island in Charlottetown Prince Edward Island Canada .
org:members(e1,e2)	FIFA World Cup	United States	In addition these networks also provide coverage of the FIFA World Cup the UEFA European Football Championship Copa the CONCACAF Gold Cup the FIFA Confederations Cup the FIFA Club World Cup United States men's women's and youth national team matches when these events take place .
per:title(e2,e1)	musician	her	Amanda Gabrielle Brown ( born 17 November 1965 ) is an Australian composer classically trained musician singer and songwriter renowned for her role as the violinist of the band The Go-Betweens and more recently a session musician and soundtrack composer .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Albert Ho	Democratic Party	Legislator Albert Ho chairman of Hong Kong's Democratic Party criticized Tsang for failing to deliver on democracy and lacking a sense of accountability .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	Parameswara	Palembang	He was officially styled as Sri Maharaja Sang Utama Parameswara Batara Sri Tri Buana ( meaning : Lord Central King Batara of Three world Realms signifying his lordship over Palembang Bintan and Singapura ) .
org:founded(e1,e2)	Irkutsk State University	1918	The first Higher education in Eastern Siberia Irkutsk State University was founded in 1918 .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	Republic of Singapore Air Force	Singapore Armed Forces	The Republic of Singapore Air Force ( RSAF ; ; ) is the air arm of the Singapore Armed Forces .
no_relation	MNJ	2007	Previous kidnappings acknowledged by the MNJ in the conflict those of a Chinese mining executive in 2007 a Nigerien parliamentarian and Red Cross head a Nigerien Prefect and four Areva officials all in 2008 were all quickly resolved .
org:alternate_names(e2,e1)	Nutrisoda	airforce Nutrisoda	Nutrisoda ( formerly known as airforce Nutrisoda ) is the brand name of a nutrient-enhanced soda sold in the United States by the Ardea Beverage Company .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Hicks	Island Records	Having begun work on her second album Hicks released My Remedy in 2000 but Island Records ' merger with Universal Records and an apparent lack of promotion saw it falter at number 61 in the UK chart .
org:members(e2,e1)	Louisville Cardinals	Division I	The 2009 10 Louisville Cardinals men's basketball team represented the University of Louisville during the 2009 10 NCAA Division I men's basketball season Louisville's 95th season of intercollegiate competition .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Ryan Davis	West Coast Eagles	Ryan Davis ( born 7 June 1989 ) is an Australian Rules footballer with the West Coast Eagles .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Konstantinos Tsatsos	Greece	13 ; I. Worthington Alexander the Great 21 According to Konstantinos Tsatsos and Douglas M. MacDowell Demosthenes regarded as Greeks only those who had reached the cultural standards of south Greece and he did not take into consideration ethnological criteria.D.M .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	NCTU	Taiwan	NCTU established in Shanghai China in 1896 the university was re-established in Taiwan by former Chiao Tung University faculty and alumni members in 1958 following the government of Republic of China's forced relocation to Taiwan after the Chinese Civil War .
org:founded(e2,e1)	1998	Braathens	With the opening of Gardermoen in 1998 Braathens had expanded its network to direct services from Oslo to Kristiansand Stavanger Haugesund Bergen Molde Kristiansund Trondheim Harstad/Narvik and in addition to a network of direct routes connected many of these airports with each other .
org:founded_by(e2,e1)	Losi	Team Losi	Other unusual items produced or endorsed by Losi include the PlayStation video game Team Losi : R/C Racer and a Team Losi line of high-performance yo-yos designed by Steve Brown .
no_relation	university	New Hampshire	The College at Rindge houses three institutes : The university also operates Graduate Professional Studies centers in Concord Lebanon Manchester and Portsmouth New Hampshire as well as Goodyear Arizona .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Betancourt	Venezuela	After the unsuccessful revolts Betancourt suspended civil liberties and arrested the MIR and PCV members of the forerunner to the National Assembly of Venezuela bicameral Congress ( Congreso ) in 1962 .
org:members(e2,e1)	Notre Dame Fighting Irish	Big East	With the 2007 game the ACC runner-up became contractually tied to play in the Chick-fil-A Bowl and the Gator Bowl began hosting the third-place ACC team versus a team from either the Big East ( still the conference's # 2 team unless they qualified for the Bowl Championship Series ) the Big 12 Conference or the unaffiliated Notre Dame Fighting Irish ( who would take the Big East 's spot in this game ) .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	CBEC	Hampshire	Cranbourne ( or CBEC ) became the first of two Business and Enterprise Colleges in Hampshire in 2004 and features scola architecture refurbished in 2006 .
per:country_of_birth(e1,e2)	Fernando da Piedade Dias dos Santos	Angola	After meeting with Angolan Parliament Speaker Fernando da Piedade Dias dos Santos Brazilian Ambassador to Angola Afonso Cardoso told reporters that they both reviewed the level of bilateral cooperation based on a very friendly conversation .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Cyprus	Tassos Papadopoulos	Cyprus President Tassos Papadopoulos and rival Turkish Cypriot leader Mehmet Ali Talat gathered in the UN-patrolled buffer zone in Nicosia on Wednesday for a rare meeting aimed at reviving efforts to reunite the island .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Paraguay	Alfredo Stroessner	Almada 70 was detained and tortured in the 1970s during the dictatorship of Paraguay 's General Alfredo Stroessner ( 1954-1989 ) .
no_relation	Stockport Grammar School	Stockport	He was Chairman of the governors of Stockport Grammar School from 1921 to 1950 Chairman of the Stockport Infirmary from 1918 to 1948 president of Manchester Northern Hospital from 1901 and chairman thereof from 1942 to 1950 chairman of the Ephraim Hallam Trust and president of the Oldham Blue Coat School .
no_relation	Vogue	United States	The twelve tracks were also released on three four-track Vogue EP in 1962 : In the United States it was released in 1966 under the title The Yeh-Yeh Girl From Paris !
per:origin(e1,e2)	Tebbit	United Kingdom	Tebbit issued a statement explaining his support : From being a supporter of British membership of the Common Market in 1970 I have come to believe that the United Kingdom would be Better Off Out of the developing European Republic of the 21st century .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Charly Alberti	Argentina	In 1996 Charly Alberti founded CybeRelations a company dedicated to promote Apple Macintosh in Argentina .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Jim Suptic	The Get Up Kids	In early 2010 after the reunion of lead singer Jim Suptic 's other band The Get Up Kids it was announced on Twitter that Blackpool Lights had reunited and was recording new material .
no_relation	Massachusetts General Hospital	and Partners HealthCare	He became chief of the Health Policy Research and Development Unit at Massachusetts General Hospital in 1991 and director of the Institute for Health Policy for the Massachusetts General Hospital and Partners HealthCare System in 1988 .
per:spouse(e2,e1)	James	Margaret of Denmark	James married Margaret of Denmark in July 1469 at Holyrood Abbey Edinburgh .
org:alternate_names(e2,e1)	KAL	Korean Air	An intensive naval search by the U.S. with assistance of Japanese and Korean vessels was carried on in a area of the strait just north of Moneron Island ( see Search for KAL 007 in International Waters of Korean Air Lines Flight 007 ) .
per:title(e2,e1)	Defense	Harold Brown	Carter's Secretary of Defense Harold Brown emphasized selective counterforce but also explicitly threatened the Soviet leadership themselves .
no_relation	John Adams	Charles	Adams National Historical Park formerly Adams National Historic Site in Quincy Massachusetts preserves the home of Presidents of the United States John Adams and John Quincy Adams of U.S. Ambassador to Great Britain Charles Francis Adams and of the writers and historians Henry Adams and Brooks Adams .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Defence Services Technological Academy	Myanmar	The Defence Services Technological Academy was established as the Defence Services Institute of Technology ( DSIT ) in 1993 when all civilian colleges and universities in Myanmar were shut down by the military government following the 1988 nationwide uprising .
org:members(e2,e1)	Fuji Bank	Mizuho Trust Banking	The merger of the Dai-Ichi Kangyo Bank Fuji Bank and the Industrial Bank of Japan in 2000 was followed by the merger of their respective trust banking subsidiaries creating Mizuho Trust Banking Co .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Manuel de la y	Mexico	Manuel de la y ( 10 March 1789 2 January 1850 ) was a Mexican politician and lawyer interim president of Mexico from 26 September 1847 to 13 November 1847 and president from 8 January 1848 to 3 June 1848 .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Ho Chi Minh	Vietnam	3-on-3 basketball was contested at the 2009 Asian Indoor Games in Ho Chi Minh City Vietnam from October 31 to November 6 .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	he	Minnesota	In 1860 he moved to Northfield Minnesota where he was one of two men who donated the land to found the Carleton College campus .
org:founded(e1,e2)	Spence School	1892	The Spence School was founded in 1892 by Clara B. Spence who was its head for 31 years .
per:title(e1,e2)	Darlene Vogel	actress	Darlene Vogel ( b. October 25 1962 in Modesto California ) is an American actress who was a model and did commercials before getting into acting .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	He	Cultural Revolution	He and Jiang Qing are still considered to be the two major Counter-revolutionary cliques blamed for the excesses of the Cultural Revolution .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Ma Ying-jeou	Kuomintang	Tsai ran against incumbent President Ma Ying-jeou of the Kuomintang and James Soong of the People First Party in the 5th direct presidential election which was held on January 14 2012 .
org:founded(e2,e1)	1991	ABN AMRO	In 1991 ABN and AMRO Bank agreed to merge to create ABN AMRO .
per:country_of_birth(e1,e2)	Vasan Sitthiket	Thailand	Vasan Sitthiket ( ) born on October 7 1957 in Nakhon Sawan Province Thailand is a Thai contemporary visual artist .
org:founded_by(e1,e2)	Arkane Studios	Colantonio	Arkane Studios founder Colantonio and Deus Ex developer Harvey Smith were the game's creative directors and Deus Ex designer Ricardo Bare was its Lead Designer .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Maxi	Quebec	Over people are employed at the Maxi and Maxi Cie stores across Quebec .
no_relation	Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers	1997	In addition he was selected as Fellow of the Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers in 1992 Fellow of the Association for Computing Machinery in 1997 and as a member of Academia Sinica in 2004 according to Academia Sinica .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Austrojet	Salzburg	Austrojet is an Austrian charter airline operated by BFS ( Business Flight Salzburg Bedarfsflug GesmbH ) .
org:alternate_names(e1,e2)	Pennsylvania State University	State College	The 12th of the Road Trips series of archival releases it was recorded on May 6 1980 at Recreation Hall Pennsylvania State University State College Pennsylvania and on May 7 1980 at Barton Hall Cornell University Ithaca New York .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Henri Salvador	France	PARIS -- Henri Salvador is often credited with inventing the music video inspiring the bossa nova and bringing American rock 'n' roll to France .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Ho Chi Minh	Vietnam	The Ho Sainteny agreement was an agreement made March 6 1946 between Ho Chi Minh President of the Democratic Republic of Vietnam and Jean Sainteny Special Envoy of France .
org:city_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Penarth	Stanwell School	He grew up in Penarth Vale of Glamorgan Wales attending Stanwell School .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Huerta	Mexico	The document accused Huerta of restoring a dictatorship and committing treason by executing the Constitutional leader of Mexico ( during the decena ) .
no_relation	Nasr	1960	Son of renowned Iranian academic Seyyed Hossein Nasr Vali Nasr was born in Tehran in 1960 went to school in England at age 16 and immigrated to the U.S. after the 1979 Revolution .
org:top_members/employees(e1,e2)	Open Doors	Brother Andrew	Among the early supporters of Musalaha was Open Doors leader Brother Andrew .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Israel	Israel Defense Forces	Following Israel 's declaration of statehood on May 14 1948 the Israel Defense Forces was formed from the Haganah and Jewish Brigade .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Germany	Joseph Goebbels	It was not granted an exhibition certificate in Nazi Germany because Joseph Goebbels considered it too Catholic .
per:country_of_birth(e1,e2)	Valdas Adamkus	Lithuania	The unveiling by dignitaries including the Lithuanian President Valdas Adamkus coincided with festivities marking the 1000th anniversary of the first time Lithuania was mentioned in official chronicles .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Synovus	Georgia	Synovus is a financial services company with approximately $ 27 billion in assets based in Columbus Georgia .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e2,e1)	Montana	Russell	In 1897 they moved from the small community of Cascade Montana to the bustling county seat of Great Falls where Russell spent the majority of his life from that point on .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Justice	Clemente Mastella	Italian Justice Minister Clemente Mastella named along with his wife in a corruption probe was expected Thursday to confirm his resignation initially refused by Prime Minister Romano Prodi the ANSA news agency said .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Philippines	Apolinario Mabini	On the same day the President and the Council of Government ( Cabinet of the Philippines ) headed by Apolinario Mabini as Presidente ( Prime Minister of the Philippines ) signed a decree covering the release of all Spanish prisoners not pertaining to the regular army the disposition of Spanish-owned properties and the expulsion of the Spanish clergy .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Manchester	Oasis	The series revolved around the sitting room of a lazy working-class family and was set in Manchester the hometown of Oasis .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	his	India	On his return to India he was called to audition for Sa Re Ga Ma Pa Challenge 2007 .
no_relation	Fazio	Banca d'Italia	In particular the call in which Fazio gave Fiorani Banca d'Italia 's permission to conduct the transactions was considered astonishing as it displayed such familiarity between the two banks and gave the public a greater appreciation of the full extent of the scandal .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Samoa Air	American Samoa	Samoa Air started operations on January 18 1987 mainly serving the community needs of American Samoa from its base at Pago Pago .
per:country_of_birth(e1,e2)	Marcel Duchamp	France	In 1958 Duchamp said of creativity Marcel Duchamp was born in Blainville-Crevon Seine-Maritime in the Upper Normandy region of France and grew up in a family that enjoyed cultural activities .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Muqtada al-Sadr	Baghdad	Muqtada al-Sadr links his participation in the Iraqi elections to the withdrawal of foreign troops Baghdad ( 12/14/2004 ) ( AFP ) On Tuesday the young Shia leader Muqtada al-Sadr linked the participation of his movement in the Iraqi elections scheduled for January 30 to the withdrawal of foreign troops from Iraq or at least to a timetable for their withdrawal .
no_relation	Nicholson	Los Angeles	Nicholson is a fan of the New York Yankees and Los Angeles Lakers .
org:founded_by(e1,e2)	Gome Electrical Appliances	Huang Guangyu	Gome Electrical Appliances Holdings's billionaire founder Huang Guangyu was sentenced to 14 years in jail in China for crimes including bribery while Indonesia has convicted former government officials for corruption .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Whitman College	Washington	After graduating from the local public high schools he earned his B.A. at Whitman College ( Walla Walla Washington ) and his M.A. and Ph.D. at University of Wisconsin Madison .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Kohl	Germany	Seventy-eight year-old Kohl who oversaw the reunification of Germany in 1990 married Maike Richter 43 on Thursday in a private ceremony in Heidelberg hospital the newspaper said .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Swedish University of Agricultural Sciences	Sweden	Ultuna is the location of the headquarters and main campus of the Swedish University of Agricultural Sciences ( Sveriges lantbruksuniversitet SLU ) in southern Uppsala Sweden .
org:city_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Portland	Portland Pilots	Portland has two Division I college sports teams the University of Portland Pilots and the Portland State Vikings .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	its	Chicago	Royal Bank of Scotland wants LaSalle to strengthen its position in Chicago where it already owns Charter One and to expand its already large presence in the Northeast .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	South Georgia College	Douglas	Born on a farm near Baxley Georgia Deen attended public and high schools and South Georgia College McRae Georgia ( now in Douglas Georgia ) .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e2,e1)	Kentucky	Mitch McConnell	On January 28 2007 reporter Howard Fineman said on The Chris Matthews Show that George had moved back to Kentucky and was considering entering politics with either a run for governor in 2007 or a Senate race against Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell in 2008 .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	West Texas University	Texas	Collins was a star running back at West Texas State College ( now West Texas University in Canyon Texas ) .
org:top_members/employees(e1,e2)	Macrosick	Mutemath	LaClave formed a new band called Macrosick along with bassist Jon Allen with former Earthsuit Members Paul Meany Darren King and Mutemath guitarist Greg Hill helping to give it a start .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Vicente Fox	National Action Party	In 2000 the party lost its first presidential election in seven decades to former President Vicente Fox and the National Action Party .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Marriott International	United States	The Washington Marriott Marquis is a luxury hotel owned by Capstone Development the District of Columbia ING Clarion Real Estate Investment Marriott International and Quadrangle Development Corporation which is currently under construction in Washington D.C. in the United States .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Shaukat Aziz	Pakistan	Pakistani Prime Minister Shaukat Aziz arrived home from New Delhi after his second leg of SAARC countries tour to Sri Lanka Maldives and India according to a report of the official Associated Press of Pakistan ( APP ) here Thursday .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Mustafa Khalil	Egypt	The delegations were led by Prime Minister Mustafa Khalil ( Egypt ) Minister Yosef Burg ( Israel ) and Ambassador James Leonard ( United States ) .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	he	Delaware	At the session of the State Legislature in 1824 25 he served as clerk of the Delaware Lower House and was admitted to practice as an attorney-at-law in 1826 .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	Eminem	Detroit	Eminem also recounts his early years living in public housing in Savannah Missouri before moving to Detroit .
per:origin(e2,e1)	Germany	him	After the invasion of Poland by Nazi Germany in September 1939 Frank was appointed Governor-General for the occupied Polish territories and accompanied him to to take up the post of State Secretary of the General Government also serving as Frank's deputy .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	He	Beckley	He graduated from Woodrow Wilson High School Beckley West Virginia in 1960 then attended West Virginia University 1960-1964 and received a Bachelor of Science degree in Aeronautical Engineering from the U.S. Naval Postgraduate School in 1971 .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	John Adams	United States	Following her commissioning John Adams completed sixteen deterrent patrols while assigned to the United States Atlantic Fleet After her sixteenth patrol she entered Puget Sound Naval Shipyard in Bremerton Washington for overhaul and modernization in August 1968 .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	State	John Hay	NOTE : William Collins Whitney was also father-in-law of British politician Almeric Paget and Whitney's son Payne Whitney was son-in-law of U.S. Secretary of State John Hay .
org:members(e2,e1)	UCLA	Division I	The 1996 97 UCLA Bruins men's basketball team represented the University of California Los Angeles in the 1996 97 NCAA Division I men's basketball season .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Falstaff Brewing Corporation	Missouri	The Falstaff Brewing Corporation was a major American brewery located in St. Louis Missouri .
org:members(e2,e1)	The Dogg	Mshasho	Sunny Boy eventually turned down the offer claiming that he already had talks to sign with The Dogg 's Mshasho Records .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	De La Salle University	Philippines	The history of De La Salle University dates back to 1911 when La Sallian Brothers established the De La Salle College in Paco Manila Philippines .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Maxfield	Caulfield Grammar School	Maxfield was recruited in 1990 from Caulfield Grammar School by Richmond and debuted that year .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	DePauw University	Greencastle	Bowman was then chosen as President ( 1858 1872 ) and later Chancellor ( 1884 99 ) of Indiana Asbury College later DePauw University Greencastle Indiana .
no_relation	Harold Kenneth Curaje	Tagum City National High School	The current SSG Adviser is Mr. Pedro PM Anano with his current Supreme Student Government Officers and Year Level Representatives : President : Matt Astaca-an Vice President : Jelymp Postrero Secretary : Kobe Arn Toledo Treasurer : Diane Cortado Auditor : Vanessa Ellen Wabina P.I.O. : Cuiney Caryl C. Malingin P.O. : Harold Kenneth Curaje Tagum City National High School has many clubs in support of its curriculum program most notably the renowned TCNHS Dance Theater Guild ( DTG ) the Philippine Society of Youth Science Clubs in the Philippines ( PSYSC-TCNHS ) Chapter the Visual Arts Guild ( VAG ) the TCNHS Tinig Ensemble and the Boy Scouts of the Philippines and Girl Scouts of the Philippines - TCNHS Chapter .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	Tata Steel	Tata Group	Tata Steel part of the sprawling Tata Group conglomerate bought Anglo-Dutch company Corus for 13.7 billion dollars in 2007 .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	South Carolina	University of South Carolina System	Founded in 1801 as South Carolina College USC is the flagship institution of the University of South Carolina System and offers more than 350 programs of study leading to bachelor's master's and doctoral degrees from fourteen degree-granting colleges and schools .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e2,e1)	Pennsylvania	Charles Grafly	Hancock was born in St. Louis Missouri where he spent a year at the School of Fine Arts at Washington University then transferred to the Pennsylvania Academy of Fine Arts in Philadelphia Pennsylvania to study with Charles Grafly .
no_relation	The Angels	Caprice	The Angels had one album on Caprice titled . . And The Angels Sing in 1962 .
per:title(e2,e1)	actor	Dennis Quaid	Guillermo Del Toro cast Globe Award and Nominee Award actor Dennis Quaid for the lead role of Ely on November 20 2010 .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Richard Stahl	California	Ish and Richard Stahl moved to Santa Barbara California in 1975 .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	France	Piaf	Moustaki gave France some of its best-loved music by writing about 300 songs for some of the most popular singers in that country such as Piaf Dalida Hardy Yves Montand Barbara Brigitte Fontaine Herbert Pagani France Gall Cindy Daniel Juliette Greco Pia Colombo and Tino Rossi as well as for himself .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	El Salvador	Antonio Saca	El Salvador will finish its presence in Iraq on Dec. 31 said president Elias Antonio Saca according to news reaching here from San Salvador the country's capital .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Benjamin Harrison	Indiana	Except for the time Benjamin Harrison served as United States Senator from Indiana ( 1881-1887 ) and his time as President of the United States ( 1889-1893 ) he would live at the home for the rest of his life .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	Marc Bureau	Gatineau	It was in 2005 that the project started to evolve faster as Marc Bureau defeated Yves Ducharme for mayor of Gatineau in the municipal elections .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Air India	India	Today Air India Express operates nearly 100 flights per week mainly from southern states of Tamil Nadu and Kerala in India .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	China	Chiang Kai-shek	The loss to the Communists in China 's civil war in the 1940's was the biggest setback and humiliation for former Republic of China President Chiang Kai-shek according to the entries in his diary .
org:members(e2,e1)	Boston College Eagles	Division I-A	The 2002 Boston College Eagles football team represented Boston College during the National Collegiate Athletic Association ( NCAA ) Division I Division I-A college football season .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Mana	Japan	Seiken Densetsu DS : Children of Mana Original Soundtrack is a soundtrack album of music from Children of Mana known as Seiken Densetsu DS : Children of Mana in Japan .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Jacques Chirac	Paris	Former French president Jacques Chirac is to be tried on allegations that he gave 21 political allies false contracts as ghost workers in Paris city hall his office announced on Friday .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Samy Vellu	Malaysian Indian Congress	The move by S. Samy Vellu head of the Malaysian Indian Congress was a surprising about-turn after he previously criticized the activists for organizing a rally in November in which about Indians protested alleged government discrimination .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	Verizon Communications	Verizon Wireless	On September 20 2010 it was announced that McAdam would take up the role of president and chief operating officer of Verizon Communications Inc. the parent company of Verizon Wireless on October 1 setting the veteran executive up as the successor to Chief Executive Ivan Seidenberg .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Frank Church	Idaho	The most lurid of the volumes produced by the Senate committee headed by Frank Church of Idaho in the mid-1970s detailed the CIA's plots to kill foreign political figures including Cuba's Fidel Castro and the Congo's Patrice Lumumba .
per:title(e1,e2)	Larrie Londin	drummer	Larrie Londin a Nashville session drummer who recorded and occasionally toured with Presley over a nine-year period filled in for Tutt on occasion during 1976 and 1977 performances .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	its	United States	The shows are primarily produced at its headquarters in Garden Grove California while reporters in the field often travel throughout the United States to cover events pertaining to the Vietnamese community .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	bridge	New Jersey	The bridge is just north and parallel to the New Jersey Turnpike's Newark Bay Bridge .
per:title(e1,e2)	Brian Dennehy	Actor	As a result Brian Dennehy was nominated for an Emmy Award for Outstanding Lead Actor in a Miniseries or a Special .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Lee	California	After Lee was diagnosed with breast cancer she and her husband moved to an abandoned goat farm in Helendale California located in the Mojave desert about one third of the way between Los Angeles California and Las Vegas Nevada .
per:title(e1,e2)	Singer Usha	singer	Usha ( born May 29 1980 ) known professionally as Singer Usha is a Telugu playback singer .
per:alternate_names(e2,e1)	Mean	Gene Okerlund	Soon after Snuka began a feud with The Honky Tonk Man which started with Honky being upset that an interview segment with Snuka and Mean Gene Okerlund interrupted his singing following a victory .
org:founded_by(e2,e1)	Phillip Chapman Lesh	Grateful Dead	Phillip Chapman Lesh ( born March 15 1940 in Berkeley California ) is a musician and a founding member of the Grateful Dead with whom he played bass guitar throughout their 30-year career .
org:members(e2,e1)	FC Civics	Namibia Premier League	The striker played previously with FC Civics of the Namibia Premier League who was in the 2004-2005 season named as the Namibia Sport Player of the Year .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Carol Mitchell	Ontario	Carol Mitchell is a politician in Ontario Canada .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	MARC	Maryland Transit Administration	MARC is administered by the Maryland Transit Administration ( MTA ) a Maryland Department of Transportation ( MDOT ) agency and is operated under contract by CSX Transportation and Amtrak .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Adams	Texas	The blinding incident was used to write off Adams ' time off to visit relatives in England as well as go on a tour to Japan before returning to Texas to continue his feud with Hernandez .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Escola Catolica Estrela do Mar	Cathol	Escola Catolica Estrela do Mar ( TW ) or E.M is a Cathol ic school in Macau China .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Vic Toews	Treasury Board	Canada's New Government Introduces New Measures to Enhance Fairness and Transparency in Procurement http://topics.developmentgateway.org/governance/rc/ItemDetail.do?item . . The Honourable Michael M Fortier Minister of Public Works and Government Services and the Honourable Vic Toews President of the Treasury Board on Sept. 19 2007 announced two new milestones in the implementation of the Federal Accountability Act . . Contributed by Boris Demidov on 20 Sep 2007 .
org:city_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	New Orleans	Tulane School of Architecture	Through the generosity of New Orleans architect and Tulane School of Architecture alumnus Arthur Q. Davis and his wife Mary Davis each year the School is able to invite a prominent architect usually from outside the United States to spend time in the School participating in our academic life and to deliver a public lecture .
per:title(e2,e1)	guitarist	Jarvis Cocker	Despite technical misfires that caused the singer to eventually call the guitarist cursed the most dynamic and emotionally sophisticated set belonged to former Pulp frontman Jarvis Cocker .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e2,e1)	Texas	Rick Noriega	In the race for a Texas seat in the U.S. Senate both GOP incumbent John Cornyn and his Democratic challenger state Rep. Rick Noriega D-Houston support lifting the moratorium and letting states decide whether to permit drilling .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Quebec City	Labeaume	The 22 teams that competed in the race were : The start was given by the mayor of Quebec City Labeaume and the former French Prime Minister Alain .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Lebanon	Fouad Siniora	The forum -- which comprises Algeria Egypt France Greece Italy Malta Morocco Portugal Spain Tunisia and Turkey -- also discussed the current violence in Lebanon and expressed its support for the government of Prime Minister Fouad Siniora .
no_relation	James Brown	Augusta	Yet James Brown detailed his marriage to the former backup singer in his last autobiography and hoisted her child up before an audience of hundreds during the dedication of the statue erected in his honor in Augusta .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Jeff Merkley	Oregon	On August 13 2007 Merkley received the endorsements of Democratic Governor Ted Kulongoski and former Democratic Governor Barbara Roberts.Kulongoski Roberts to Co-Chair Merkley for Senate Campaign Jeff Merkley for U.S. Senate Oregon He was endorsed in December 2007 by the Oregon AFL-CIO the state's largest labor federation .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	his	Switzerland	With his assistance Bell acquired a place of her own in Geneva Switzerland .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e2,e1)	Florida	Bob Graham	Adele Khoury Graham ( born April 4 1938 ) is a former educator and the wife of Florida 's 38th Governor and former United States Senator Bob Graham .
per:title(e2,e1)	President	James Michel	Hu was due later to hold talks with Seychelles President James Michel before announcing the loan and grants agreements .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Burberry	London	Shares in Burberry dipped 1.3 percent to 666 pence ( US$ 13.44 ; euro9 .84 ) on an overall lower London Stock Exchange .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Drapht	Perth	Drapht became a vital part of Perth 's hip hop crew Syllabolix at the age of 17 .
org:alternate_names(e1,e2)	School of International Service	SIS	He received his Ph.D. from the School of International Service ( SIS ) at American University .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Aftermath	Dr. Dre	Aftermath Entertainment is an American record label founded by hip hop artist and producer Dr. Dre .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Frank Bainimarama	Fiji	After the SDL government was removed in December of 2006 by Frank Bainimarama Commander of the Fiji Military Nawaikula returned to his Private Practice as a Lawyer and continue to involve himself on issues affecting indigenous native Fijians.In June of 2010 after returning from the 10th UN Permanent Forum on Indigenous Issues in New York Nawaikula together with the Paramount Chiefs of Fiji formed THE FIJI NATIVE AND TRIBAL CONGRESS a nonprofit and non government body the objectives of which is to protect and advance the rights of Indigenous Fijians as an Indigenous group and to negotiate with the government and concerned citizens for that purpose in a manner that balances those rights with the individual rights and group rights of other citizens in Fiji and to champion Human Rights generally .
org:alternate_names(e1,e2)	Wienerberger	AG	Wienerberger AG is the world largest producer of bricks and number one on the clay roof tile market in Europe with 230 plants in 30 countries .
no_relation	IBM	New York	International Business Machines Corporation or IBM is an American multinational technology and consulting corporation with headquarters in Armonk New York United States .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Kuomintang	Ma Ying-jeou	The Central Standing Committee of the opposition Kuomintang ( KMT ) named the party's former Chairman Ma Ying-jeou as its candidate for the 2008 presidential election Wednesday .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Kent State University	Kent	He holds a Bachelor of Fine Arts degree ( 1959 ) and a Master of Arts degree ( 1961 ) both from Kent State University in Kent Ohio .
org:city_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Sligo	Sligo Weekender	There are three local newspapers in Sligo : The Sligo Weekender - out every Thursday ( formerly Tuesday ) The Northwest Express - out every Thursday and The Sligo Champion - out every Tuesday ( formerly Wednesday ) .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	McGill University	Montreal	This study contributes to accumulating evidence that caloric restriction acts by altering hormone levels rather than by directly starving cancers of energy Dr. Michael Pollak a professor of oncology at McGill University in Montreal wrote in an accompanying editorial .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Maine West High School	Illinois	In addition to Maine West High School District 207 also includes Maine South High School and Maine East High School both in Park Ridge Illinois .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Japan	Princes Chichibu	The couple's two daughters left the Imperial Family upon marriage : After the defeat of Japan in World War II many members of the imperial family such as Princes Chichibu Takamatsu and Higashikuni pressured then Emperor Hirohito to abdicate so that one of the Princes could serve as regent until Crown Prince Akihito came of age .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Andrew W.K.	Bulb	Sometime before the end of 2000 and the beginning of 2001 Island/Def Jam Records bought out Andrew W.K. 's contract with Bulb Records .
org:alternate_names(e2,e1)	University of California	UCLA	Following an uptick last year unionization rates fell between July 1 2009 and June 30 2010 by just more than half a percentage point in California and by a full percentage point in the five-county Los Angeles metropolitan area according to the study by researchers at the University of California Los Angeles ( UCLA ) .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	Centre College	Colonels	He then returned to his alma mater Centre College where he coached the Praying Colonels until 1950 .
org:founded_by(e1,e2)	Posse Foundation	Deborah Bial	The Posse Foundation 's founder Deborah Bial was recognized for her ground-breaking work by receiving the prestigious MacArthur Fellowship ( nicknamed the genius grant ) in 2007 .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	Ford	Mercury	In 1996 the technology started showing up on select models of Ford Lincoln and Mercury vehicles .
org:founded_by(e1,e2)	Coleman Company	W. C. Coleman	The Coleman Company was founded in Kingfisher by W. C. Coleman in 1900 .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	he	Continental Army	Mount Vernon dedicated the newly reconstructed slave cabin Wednesday at a ceremony attended by some descendants of Washington's slaves who kept the plantation running while he served as general of the Continental Army and later as the first U.S. president .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	City University of New York	Baruch College	In 1961 the New York State Education Law established the City University of New York ( CUNY ) system and in 1968 Baruch College became a senior college in the City University system .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Canadian	Jaffer	According to CTV News the Royal Canadian Mounted Police investigated allegations that Guergis allowed Jaffer to conduct commercial business out of her office unrelated to her parliamentary work after Jaffer had lost his own position as an MP and also sometimes accompanied Jaffer to his business meetings during this period .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Ahtisaari	Finland	In Finnish politics Ahtisaari has stressed how important it is for Finland to join NATO .
per:title(e1,e2)	Olivier	actor	I also tend to think ( and I know this is blaspheme ) that Olivier while a brilliant actor made a great film but did not necessarily play a great Hamlet in that film .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	He	Turkey	He lived in exile in Istanbul Turkey and London England before he returned to Afghanistan in 2001 after the fall of Taliban .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Naive	Hammill	It was released in August 1983 on Naive Records a label founded by Gordian Troeller the former manager of Hammill 's band Van der Graaf Generator .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	he	Ohio	In March 2011 Brown came under scrutiny for a senate floor speech in which he cited the names of Adolf Hitler and Joseph Stalin while he criticized Republican efforts in Ohio and Wisconsin to mitigate the power of public employee unions to negotiate with taxpayers .
per:title(e2,e1)	costume designer	Tony Walton	Andrews and her husband at the time set and costume designer Tony Walton visited him and ended up buying a small place on the island .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Thailand	Thaksin Shinawatra	Thailand 's government and protesters loyal to ousted premier Thaksin Shinawatra on Sunday began talks aimed at ending two weeks of street demonstrations .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Constantine Mitsotakis	Greece	Bakoyannis ' father Constantine Mitsotakis was prime minister from 1990 to 1993 and one of Greece 's longest-serving parliamentarians .
per:cities_of_residence(e2,e1)	Miami	Barrett	It was produced by Bob Marley The Wailers and mixed at Miami 's Criteria studio by Aston Family Man Barrett and Chris Blackwell with engineer Alex Sadkin .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Cairo University	Giza	Cairo University ( previously Egyptian University and Fuad University ) is a public university in Giza Egypt .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Mel Martinez	Florida	WASHINGTON Sen. Mel Martinez Florida 's junior senator and a former member of President Bush's Cabinet was elected Friday to be the face of the Republican Party .
no_relation	Yoon Eun-hye	Yoon	Take Care of the Young Lady or Take Care of Agasshi ) is a 2009 South Korean television series starring Yoon Eun-hye Yoon Sang-hyun Jung Il-woo and Moon Chae-won .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Aerial	United States	The Bayou Music Center ( formerly known as Verizon Wireless Theater and Aerial Theater ) is an indoor theater owned by Live Nation and located in Houston Texas United States .
org:members(e1,e2)	Russian Premier League	FC Spartak Moscow	Russian Premier League :1997 1998 1999 2000 2001 Russian Cup : 1998 With FC Spartak Moscow .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Alexandria	his	After graduating Gaither taught English at his alma mater Alexandria High School where he met his wife Gloria Sickal who was a substitute French teacher .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Lowe	Upstart Records	Produced by Lowe and Neil Brockbank it was released in the UK in 1994 on Demon Records and elsewhere by Upstart Records .
per:title(e1,e2)	Mottley	Leader	Mottley who leads the Barbados Labour Party ( BLP ) was previously Leader of the Opposition from 2008 to 2010 .
no_relation	2005	it	In 2005 it was purchased by Baby Bell SBC Communications for more than $ 16 billion ( $ in present-day terms ) .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Singapore	his	His earliest foray into the Singapore art scene upon his return was with the Alpha Gallery .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Vietnam	Ho Chi Minh	Spain will provide fund to Vietnam to finance the construction of a new subway network in Ho Chi Minh city according to an agreement the two sides signed on Tuesday .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	India	Pratibha Patil	ZAMAN ( Time ) : -- Turkish President Abdullah Gul who is on a formal visit to India held talks with Indian President Pratibha Patil and Prime Minister Manmohan Singh and said Turkey was eager to enhance ties with India .
org:alternate_names(e1,e2)	The New York Times Company	New York	Based in Paris since 1887 The IHT is part of The New York Times Company and will be renamed the International New York Times in the fall of 2013 .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Macedonia	Nikola Gruevski	Macedonia 's parliament has approved the cabinet reshuffle submitted by Prime Minister Nikola Gruevski news reports from Skopje said Saturday .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Education	Hishammuddin Hussein	Education Minister Hishammuddin Hussein later criticised the request for a division saying that all the fuss from them ( opposition MPs ) is just to disturb and disrupt the proceedings .
org:top_members/employees(e1,e2)	SFO	Richard Alderman	The SFO is committed to tackling corruption said SFO chief Richard Alderman .
per:origin(e1,e2)	Laurent Gbagbo	Ivory Coast	We will continue the war of liberation against the fascist regime of Laurent Gbagbo Guillaume Kigbafori Soro the secretary general of the rebels ' political wing Ivory Coast Patriotic Movement told AFP by phone .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	INC	Iraq	The INC 's Information Collection Program started in 2001 and was designed to collect analyze and disseminate information from inside Iraq according to a letter the group sent in June 2002 to the staff of the Senate Appropriations Committee .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Bert Kaempfert	Polydor	Popular German entertainers such as James Last Bert Kaempfert Kurt Edelhagen Caterina Valente and the Kessler Twins appeared on the Polydor label as well as many French Spanish and Latin-American figures .
no_relation	women	freestyle	Olympics : Sweden's Charlotte Kalla takes gold in women 's 10km freestyle cross - country .
no_relation	British Airways	OpenSkies	British Airways Executive Club members are able to claim tier points and BA miles on OpenSkies flights .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Taipei	Chen Shui-bian	Event : Inauguration of the Labor Pension Fund Supervisory Committee Date and Time : 10 a.m. Monday July 2 2007 Place : 172 Chongqing North Road Section 2 Taipei City Host and/or main speakers : President Chen Shui-bian Organizers : Bureau of Labor Insurance Press Contact : 2396-1266 Disclaimer .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Mojofly	Kitchie Nadal	Eventually she was referred by Mojofly veteran and guitarist Ricci Gurango to become the next Mojofly lead vocalist after Kitchie Nadal left the band to venture on a solo career .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Free Patriotic Movement	Michel Aoun	The opposition Free Patriotic Movement leader Michel Aoun insisted in reappointing his son-in - law and the caretaker telecommunications minister Gebran Bassil and a portfolio in interior ministry .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Holy Names University	Oakland	Holy Names University is a private coeducational university located in Oakland California .
per:title(e1,e2)	Somchai Wongsawat	Prime Minister	Somchai Wongsawat ( born August 31 1947 ) is a Thai politician a Prime Minister of Thailand in 2008 and a former executive member of the People's Power Party ( PPP ) whose political rights have been disfranchised by the Constitutional Court ( ConCourt ) for five years .
no_relation	Ruhollah Khomeini	1989	Iran's late spiritual leader Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini issued a 1989 fatwa or religious edict ordering Muslims to kill Rushdie because The Satanic Verses allegedly insulted Islam .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Kallio	Finland	Kallio the fourth President of Finland ( 1937 1940 ) was a resident of Nivala .
org:alternate_names(e1,e2)	Western	Canada	The professional Western Hockey League was formed following a merger with the Pacific Coast Hockey League and the Western Canada Senior Hockey League .
org:alternate_names(e1,e2)	36th Infantry Division	Texas	The 36th Infantry Division ( Arrowhead ) also known as the Texas Division is a modular division of the United States Army and the Texas Army National Guard .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	College of DuPage	Glen Ellyn	Upon Trulon's release a friend of a friend vouched for him and he was given a second chance at College of DuPage a junior college in Glen Ellyn Ill. ending a series of dead ends in his quest to find a school that would believe in a convicted felon .
per:origin(e2,e1)	British	John Major	British Employment Secretary Michael Portillo expressed his full support for Prime Minister John Major 's position on a single European currency .
no_relation	Canada Cup	China	Signs that the strategy could help were evident at the 2008 Canada Cup played July 12-20 which served as an Olympic warm-up of sorts despite the absence of the U.S. national team and China .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	England	Hackenschmidt	Following his second defeat at the hands of Gotch upon returning to England Hackenschmidt was preparing for a match with Stanislaus Zbyszko to take place the following June but when he began working out he felt such pain in his right knee that it was painful even to walk .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Svinhufvud	Finland	Svinhufvud was the first Head of State of independent Finland first as Chairman of the Senate and then subsequently as Protector of State or Regent .
per:title(e2,e1)	singer	Jeffrey Steele	Jeffrey LeVasseur ( born August 27 1961 in Burbank California ) is an American country music singer and songwriter more commonly known by the name Jeffrey Steele .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Ecuador	Rafael Correa	Ecuador 's president Rafael Correa said March 3 2008 that a deal to release political prisoners including former Colombian Sen. Ingrid Betancourt was nearly complete before the March 1 2008 Colombian raid into his country .
org:founded(e1,e2)	Lancing College	1848	He began drawing up the plans for Lancing College in 1848 although construction did not begin until 1854 .
per:country_of_birth(e1,e2)	Darren	England	Darren Davis ( born 5 February 1967 in Sutton-in-Ashfield England ) is a former professional footballer who played in The Football League for Maidstone United Notts County Lincoln City and Scarborough .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	National Football League	NFL Network	WASHINGTON -- National Football League Commissioner Roger Goodell asked Congress on Tuesday to help overcome what he called discrimination by cable TV companies carrying the league's NFL Network .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Thomas More College of Liberal Arts	Merrimack	He also established Magdalen College in Bedford and Thomas More College of Liberal Arts in Merrimack .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Texas	Kay Bailey Hutchison	LUFKIN Texas -- U.S. Sen. Kay Bailey Hutchison gives former East Texas congressman Charlie Wilson credit as someone who has changed the world and she believes he deserves credit for helping end the Cold War .
org:founded(e1,e2)	Australian Ethical Investment	1986	Australian Ethical Investment Limited is an Australian owned company established in 1986 for the purpose of environmental and socially responsible investing .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	George Martin	EMI	Associated Independent Recording ( AIR ) an independent recording company was founded in London in 1965 by Beatles producer George Martin and his partner John Burgess after their departure from EMI .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Mexico	Francisco I. Madero	Throughout his military career Villar served loyalty to the following presidents of Mexico : Benito Lerdo de Tejada Porfirio Francisco de la Barra Francisco I. Madero and Victoriano Huerta .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Ho Chi Minh	Vietnam	Ho Chi Minh City College of Stage Performance and Cinematics is a college in District 1 Ho Chi Minh City Vietnam .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Boston College	Chestnut Hill	Boston College 's main campus in Chestnut Hill west of downtown Boston is and includes over 120 buildings set on a hilltop overlooking the Chestnut Hill Reservoir .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Alexander Downer	Australia	Australian Foreign Minister Alexander Downer has denied the Pacific Eminent Persons Group ( EPG ) is under control of Australia Australian Broadcasting Corporation radio reported Tuesday .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Liberal Party of Canada	Alexander Mackenzie	He was Member of Parliament for Queen's County Prince Edward Island from 1873 to 1876 in the Liberal Party of Canada government of Prime Minister Alexander Mackenzie .
per:cities_of_residence(e2,e1)	Winnipeg	Chantal Kreviazuk	The program also included performances by an Inuit throat singer and Winnipeg 's Chantal Kreviazuk .
org:alternate_names(e2,e1)	Forestry	Ministry of Agriculture and Forestry	He has held his present position since 1996 under the aegis successively of three departments the Ministry of Forestry the Ministry of Agriculture and Forestry and currently the Ministry for Primary Industries .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	John Ensign	Nevada	Sen. John Ensign who represents Nevada said Gonzales mishandled the dismissal of the U.S. attorney in Las Vegas .
no_relation	Victoria University of Manchester	2004	The Mathematics Building in Manchester England was a university building which housed the School of Mathematics department of the Victoria University of Manchester and briefly the newly-amalgamated University of Manchester from 1968 to 2004 .
per:cities_of_residence(e2,e1)	Punjab	Amarinder Singh	Punjab state Chief Minister Amarinder Singh a close ally of current Congress leader Sonia Gandhi the murdered premier's daughter-in-law said he was aware of Chitanwali's controversial lineage .
org:members(e2,e1)	Panathinaikos	A1 Ethniki	Wilkins in addition to his eleven seasons with the Hawks had short stints with the Los Angeles Clippers the Boston Celtics Panathinaikos Athens ( a professional team in Greece's A1 Ethniki League with whom he won his first title the European Clubs ' Championship and the Greek Cup ) Fortitudo Bologna ( a professional team in Italy's Serie A League ) the San Antonio Spurs and the Orlando Magic before he retired in 1999 .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Thomas Hart Benton	Missouri	The community was renamed Bentonville after Thomas Hart Benton of Missouri in 1841 and was first incorporated on April 3 1873 .
per:country_of_birth(e1,e2)	Khan	England	I met with a lot of trainers when I was in America and had plenty of training sessions with everyone and they were happy to come and work with me in Bolton ( Khan 's hometown in north-west England ) .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Germany	Ludwig Erhard	His most known building was the residence for the Federal Chancellor of the Federal Republic of Germany built for Ludwig Erhard the so called Chancellor's Bungalow .
no_relation	Japan	Flow	Mattila also won the 2007 Nissan X-Trail Big Air in Japan Most recently Mattila participated in the 2008 Toyota Big Air and placed 2nd to his fellow Flow teammate and friend Antti Autti When Risto is not snowboarding he usually spends time in Helsinki with his friends .
org:founded(e2,e1)	December 31 1990	Norfolk Southern Railway	On December 31 1990 the Live Oak Perry and South Georgia's parent the Southern Railway was renamed the Norfolk Southern Railway .
org:members(e2,e1)	Georgia State University	NCAA	The 2011 Georgia State Panthers football team represented Georgia State University in the 2011 NCAA Division I FCS football season .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	NuFX	Hoffman Estates	NuFX was a video game developer headquartered in Hoffman Estates Illinois United States .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	Chrysler	Dodge	Lean manufacturing and product development strategies also allow the Chrysler Group to bring new models like the Dodge Challenger to market more quickly .
org:members(e2,e1)	Doshisha University	Connecticut College	His profound knowledge of ethnic classical and electronic music were influenced by his Asian and Japanese Language and Literature Degree studies at Doshisha University in Kyoto Japan in the exchange program with Connecticut College .
org:alternate_names(e2,e1)	Headquarters	its	The Arizona Air National Guard is headquartered at the Joint Force Headquarters in Phoenix and its commander is Major General Hugo E. Salazar .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Ken Peplowski	Arbors Records	The Jazz KENnection is a 2001 release of the late clarinetist Kenny Davern and clarinetist and saxophonist Ken Peplowski from Arbors Records .
per:spouse(e2,e1)	Madonna	Guy Ritchie	Additionally as a surprise for Madonna at the final concert date her husband at the time Guy Ritchie appeared as the lost technician at the end of Beautiful Stranger the Samurai during Sky Fits Heaven wore Los Angeles Lakers jerseys .
per:alternate_names(e1,e2)	Dana International	Yaron Cohen	Sharon Cohen ( ) professionally known as Dana International ( ) ; born Yaron Cohen ; February 2 1969 ) is an Israeli pop singer of Yemenite Jewish ancestry .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	United States Coast Guard Academy	New London	Hayes graduated from the United States Coast Guard Academy in New London Connecticut in 1946 although Academy records list him in the Class of 1947 .
org:top_members/employees(e1,e2)	Drawn and Quarterly	Chris Oliveros	Brown originally intended Louis Riel to be published this way but was convinced by Drawn and Quarterly editor-in-chief Chris Oliveros to publish it as a series .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Indonesia	Suharto	Indonesia is consistently rated as one of the most graft-prone nations in the world a situation largely seen as a result of Suharto 's rule .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Raila Odinga	Kenya	At the start of a two-day visit Moreno-Ocampo held talks with President Mwai Kibaki and Prime Minister Raila Odinga on trying the suspects in Kenya 's worst post-independence unrest .
org:city_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Glen Ellyn	Glenbard West High School	He was the fourth of five children and was raised in Glen Ellyn Illinois graduating from Glenbard West High School .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Conservancy Association	Hong Kong	The Conservancy Association of Hong Kong ( L ) a heritage advocacy group wrote to the Secretary for Home Affairs Patrick Ho in April 2004 requesting him to consider declaring the mansion a monument under the Antiquities and Monuments Ordinance .
no_relation	Amarinder Singh	Punjab	Amarinder Singh chief minister of India's breadbasket northern state of Punjab whose Congress party was facing expected defeat in local polls said on Tuesday that prices rises were a factor in the party's poor showing .
per:country_of_birth(e1,e2)	Abraham Lincoln	United States	Speakers praised the Quest for Freedom program Tuesday as they stood next to an original copy of the Emancipation Proclamation President Abraham Lincoln 's 1862 order setting slaves free in the United States .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Bel Air	their	Ronald and Nancy Reagan have spent much of their time in the privacy of their home in the Bel Air section of Los Angeles or at their Santa Barbara ranch .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Montana Grizzlies	Missoula	The 2011 Montana Grizzlies football team represented the University of Montana Missoula in the 2011 NCAA Division I FCS football season .
org:founded(e1,e2)	National Basketball League	1979	The 2010 11 National Basketball League was the thirty-third season of competition since its establishment in 1979 .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	Tom	New York	Tom decided to get a place in New York City so he and Suri can be by Katie side nearly all the time the insider says .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	He	India	He later began regular pilgrimages to India living among the Bauls the wandering street musicians of Bengal and singing with the kirtan wallahs in the temple of his guru the highly revered saint Neem Karoli Baba .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Roman Republic	Lucius Cornelius Sulla	The first direct contact between the Roman Republic and the Parthians was c. 96BC when Lucius Cornelius Sulla while proconsul in Cilicia met the Parthian ambassador Orobazus .
org:city_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Purchase	PepsiCo	He has worked at Purchase New York-based PepsiCo for 23 years .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	EMI	Bush	In late 1978 EMI persuaded Bush to quickly record a follow-up album Lionheart to take advantage of the success of The Kick Inside .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	e Republika Srpsk	; Radovan Karad?	The memo was denounced by the League of Communists of Yugoslavia including future president of Serbia Slobodan who publicly called the memo nothing else but the darkest nationalism and future president of th e Republika Srpsk a entity in Bosnia and Herzegovina ; Radovan Karad? i? who stated Bolshevism is bad but nationalism is even worse .
no_relation	Telenor	Kyivstar	Telenor and Alfa disagree over the latter's ownership in three of Kyivstar 's competitors in the Ukrainian market .
org:founded_by(e2,e1)	Henry Vaccaro	Kramer Guitars	It starts with Henry Vaccaro a contractor who works in Asbury Park N.J. and who was once owner of a company called Kramer Guitars .
no_relation	It	Caledonia	It replaced Caledonia High School for the school year 1992/1993 which was converted into River Heights Public School .
per:cities_of_residence(e2,e1)	Vancouver	Bryan Adams	Vancouver musician Bryan Adams started his professional career at 15 singing for Sweeney Todd in the 70's .
per:title(e2,e1)	musician	John Mellencamp	She is also known as a guest performer and/or session musician on over sixty records by a variety of artists including John Mellencamp Simple Minds David Bowie Yann Tiersen Neil Finn Sheryl Crow Iggy Pop Jewel and Eels .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Philippines	Mindanao State University	GMANews.TV Aside from all host state colleges and universities and other chartered public universities such as University of the Philippines Pamantasan ng Lungsod ng Maynila Mindanao State University and Polytechnic University of the Philippines Forty six private higher education institutions have been granted autonomous status such as the Ateneo de Manila University St. Paul University Philippines Tuguegarao City De La Salle University De La Salle Silliman University Saint Louis University Baguio City University of Perpetual Help System-Laguna and University of Perpetual Help-Dr .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Dallas Wind Symphony	USA	The is a professional concert band that has long been regarded as one of the world's finest perhaps rivaled only in recent years by the Dallas Wind Symphony ( USA ) .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	George H. Pendleton	Ohio	He also was not helped by the party's choice for vice president George H. Pendleton a peace candidate from Ohio .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Health	Chua Soi Lek	Meanwhile Health Minister Chua Soi Lek told reporters the 9BIO is estimated to cost 350 million ringgit ( 94.59 million U.S. dollars ) and will come up with the first local vaccine in 2010 .
org:founded_by(e2,e1)	Trip Hawkins	Electronic Arts	The iPhone was a harbinger said Trip Hawkins a founder of Electronic Arts who is chief executive of Digital Chocolate which makes games for cell phones .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Masten Space Systems	California	Other firms including Masten Space Systems of Mojave California and Armadillo Aerospace of Rockwall Texas are testing systems that would carry unmanned payloads to space .
org:members(e2,e1)	Florida Fish and Wildlife Conservation Commission	Fish	The Florida Scrub Jay was officially listed as a threatened state species by Florida Fish and Wildlife Conservation Commission in 1975 and it was listed as a threatened federal species by the United States Fish and Wildlife Service in 1987 .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Reagan	California	But they have all failed to assemble the entire package that made Reagan a two-term president and earlier a popular two-term governor of California nor is there any sign that Fred Thompson or Rudolph W. Giuliani can .
org:top_members/employees(e1,e2)	Ghibli	Isao Takahata	The director responsible Yoshifumi Kondo was an undeniable talent contributing greatly to both the studio and to Nippon Animation of which Ghibli 's co-founder's Hayao Miyazaki and Isao Takahata were also part .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	College campus	Kuala Lumpur	On 19 July 1976 with the completion of the first phase of the College campus classes were moved to its own campus premises in Kuala Lumpur occupying 186 acres of land .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Samy Vellu	Malaysian Indian Congress	Samy Vellu 74 ruled the Malaysian Indian Congress ( MIC ) the third largest party in the ruling Barisan Nasional coalition with an iron fist after becoming party president in 1979 .
org:top_members/employees(e1,e2)	RSL	Jason Kreis	RSL coach Jason Kreis said he 'll take Adu for as long as he can .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	John Thune	South Dakota	John Thune grew up in Murdo South Dakota .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	Iran University of Science and Technology	Tehran	Allameh Tabatabaei University Amirkabir University of Technology ( Tehran Polytechnic ) Shahid Beheshti University ( Melli University ) K.N.Toosi University of Technology Iran University of Science and Technology Iran University of Medical Sciences which dissolved in Tehran University of Medical Sciences in October 2010 Iran Polymer and Petrochemical Institute Shahed University and Tarbiat Modarres University are other highly ranked universities of Iran located in Tehran .
org:founded_by(e2,e1)	Elon Musk	SpaceX	Founders of technology companies include Ralph J. Roberts ( co-founder of Comcast ) Elon Musk ( founder of Paypal Tesla Motors and SpaceX ) Leonard Bosack ( co-founder of Cisco ) David Brown ( co-founder of Silicon Graphics ) and Mark Pincus ( founder of Zynga the company behind Farmville ) .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Newberry College	Newberry	In December 2002 Willis was named head coach at Newberry College in Newberry South Carolina .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Masaharu Homma	Philippines	General Masaharu Homma dissolved the Commonwealth of the Philippines and established the Philippine Executive Commission a caretaker government with Vargas as its first chairman in January 1942 .
per:title(e2,e1)	drummer	Joel Quartermain	The band's drummer and guitarist Joel Quartermain hinted that they might pen a new theme song for the club Other high profile fans include psychedelic rock band Tame Impala former Premier of Western Australia Alan Carpenter Federal Minister of Defence Stephen Smith Tim Minchin author Tim Winton and journalists and television presenters Dixie Marshall Simon Reeve and Matt Price .
no_relation	Stubbs	Motown	Stubbs died in Detroit Michigan the birthplace of Motown music and the city where he was born raised and formed the Four Tops in 1954 with high school friend Abdul Duke Fakir and Renaldo Obie Benson and Lawrence Payton .
org:members(e2,e1)	Tampa	University of Tampa	The 1966 Tampa Spartans football team represented the University of Tampa in the 1966 college football season .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Energy	Samuel Bodman	U.S. Energy Secretary Samuel Bodman was scheduled to be a speaker at the El Paso Country Club .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Gastonia Transit	Gastonia	The Gastonia Transit System or GT is the public transit system in Gastonia North Carolina U.S .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Kereyid	Wang Khan	Sorghaghtani was the daughter of Jakha Gambhu the younger brother of the powerful Kereyid leader Toghrul ( a.k.a. Wang Khan ) .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Jacques Parizeau	Quebec	It was started in the mid-1960s by Jacques Parizeau who later became Quebec premier as head of the nationalist Parti Quebecois .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Venezuela	Hugo	Winners of the Qaddafi prize have included Fidel Castro Louis Farrakhan and recently Venezuela 's Hugo .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Maastricht University	Maastricht	Maastricht University ( officially abbreviated as UM ) is a public university in Maastricht the Netherlands .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Flea	Red Hot Chili Peppers	Slovak Flea Kiedis and Irons started Red Hot Chili Peppers in 1983 which became popular in the Los Angeles area playing various shows around the city .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Beatles	Ringo Starr	Apple Corps was founded by the Beatles in 1968 and is still owned by Paul McCartney Ringo Starr the widow of John Lennon and the estate of George Harrison .
no_relation	Los Angeles	Richard Jaeckel	Jaeckel was born in Los Angeles California and is the son of actor Richard Jaeckel .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	HolyHell	Magic Circle Music	The song has been included in HolyHell 's first studio disc Apocalypse ( Magic Circle Music ) .
org:city_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Oklahoma	Oklahoma City Police Department	Upon returning to Oklahoma McAffrey joined the Oklahoma City Police Department and later went on to own and operate several successful small businesses .
org:top_members/employees(e1,e2)	Ministry of National Defense	Minister	The Ministry of National Defense ( MND ) plans to implement the volunteer system beginning in 2010 decreasing the number of conscripts by 10 percent annually Defense Minister Chen Chao-min said .
org:top_members/employees(e1,e2)	Stockwell Day	Canadian Alliance	After a below-expectations result in the 2000 election and the failure of the CA to reduce Joe Clark's PCs to independent status a year of factional in-fighting began in 2001 over Stockwell Day 's troubled leadership of the Canadian Alliance .
no_relation	Herbie Mann	Antonio Carlos Jobim	[ Gilberto Herbie Mann Antonio Carlos Jobim - 1965 ] .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Netherlands	Rembrandt	He excelled as a portrait painter and was the most in-demand portrait painter in the Netherlands until the 1630s when Rembrandt eclipsed him in popularity .
per:origin(e2,e1)	Australian	Ashley Mallett	The task of the Australian selectors was easier as they kept the same XI from Brisbane but exchanged the twelfth man Kerry O'Keeffe for the off-spinner Ashley Mallett .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Manuel Roxas	Philippines	The inauguration marked the beginning of the first term of Manuel Roxas as President and of Elpidio Quirino as Vice President when the Philippines gained independence from the United States .
no_relation	Constantine	Justinian II	1084 Due to Constantine IV's victories the situation in the Eastern provinces of the Empire was stable when Justinian ascended the throne.Moore Justinian II After a preliminary strike against the Arabs in Armenia Norwich pg .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Zane	New York	Zane graduated from State University of New York at Binghamton ( SUNY ) with a degree in theater and art history .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	Morehouse College	Atlanta	Morehouse College along with other members of the Atlanta University Center share the Robert W. Woodruff Library .
no_relation	Doghouse Records	Alumni	- Topher Talley As of March 2011 The Bigger Lights were listed on Doghouse Records website as Alumni .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Vietnam	Ho Chi Minh	The Vietnam-Laos-Cambodia Economic Development Association said here on Monday that Vietnam will hold an international trade and investment fair Mekong 2009 in Ho Chi Minh City from Dec. 9 to 12 .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Chaminade College Preparatory School	California	In 2000 he graduated with honors from Chaminade College Preparatory School in West Hills California .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Toronto	Michael Ignatieff	In the 2011 federal election Trottier won the Toronto riding of Etobicoke Lakeshore defeating Leader of the Liberal Party Michael Ignatieff who was also the incumbent Leader of the Official Opposition .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Khieu Samphan	Democratic Kampuchea	The Khmer Rouge period ( 1975 1979 ) refers to the rule of Pol Pot Nuon Chea Ieng Sary Son Sen Khieu Samphan and the Khmer Rouge Communist party over Cambodia which the Khmer Rouge renamed as Democratic Kampuchea .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Japan	KDDI	Japan 's two biggest operators NTT DoCoMo and KDDI said Wednesday they are jointly developing a system to notify customers of an imminent earthquake while number three Softbank said it is separately working on a similar service .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Will.i.am	Black Eyed Peas	By Steve Jones http://www.usatoday.com/community/tags/reporter.aspx?id=590 USA TODAY Will.i.am the frontman for the Black Eyed Peas was determined that his new solo album * Songs About Girls * would n't be the usual star-laden producer's project .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Mick Karn	Japan	Andonis Michaelides ( 24 July 1958 4 January 2011 ) Strong Martin C. ( 2003 ) The Great Indie Discography Canongate ISBN 1-84195-335-0 p. 85 7 better known as Mick Karn was a British multi-instrumentalist musician and songwriter who rose to fame as the bassist for the art rock/New Wave band Japan from 1974 to 1982 .
no_relation	1997	University of Sharjah	In 1997 American University of Sharjah the only coeducational liberal arts university in the United Arab Emirates signed a two-year contract with AU to provide academic management a contract which has since been extended multiple times through August 2009 .
per:country_of_birth(e1,e2)	Shankar	hi wri	Shankar Damodar Pendse ( Devanagari : ) ( 1897 - 1974 ) was a Marat hi wri ter from Maharashtra India .
no_relation	Sweden	Fredrik	Recorded between March and June 2010 in IF Studios in Gothenburg Sweden and Sunset Lodge Studios in Los Angeles California the album was produced by Fredrik and Henrick Udd and features guest vocals from Canadian recording artist Lights Josh Franceschi from British rock band You Me at Six and Josh Scogin from American mathcore band The Chariot .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	University of New Brunswick	Fredericton	She was married to Lauriat Lane Jr. ( d. 2005 ) Professor Emeritus of English at the University of New Brunswick in Fredericton .
org:members(e2,e1)	Dartmouth	NCAA	Dartmouth made its first appearance in the NCAA tournament in 2003 where it was eliminated in the first round by Syracuse 13 11 .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Prachanda	Nepal	However after the restoration of democracy in 2008 Prachanda the Prime Minister of Nepal visited India in September 2008 .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Mali	Amadou Toumani	Ag Ghaly was appointed as a member of Mali 's diplomatic staff in Jeddah Saudi Arabia by President Amadou Toumani in 2008 .
org:top_members/employees(e2,e1)	Mikhail Fradkov	foreign intelligence service	MOSCOW -- Russian President Vladimir Putin on Saturday appointed former Prime Minister Mikhail Fradkov as head of the country's foreign intelligence service Russian media reported .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	Vector Group	Liggett Group	The agency said its findings were based on data submitted by the five major cigarette makers in the United States : Altria Group Inc. parent of Philip Morris which makes Marlboro cigarettes ; Reynolds America Inc. which owns R.J. Reynolds Tobacco Co. makers of Camels ; Houchens Industries Inc. the parent of Commonwealth Brands Inc. which makes discount brands USA Gold and Sonoma ; Loews Corp. which owns Lorillard Tobacco Co. which makes Newports ; and Vector Group Ltd. parent of Liggett Group Inc. and Vector Tobacco which sells Grand Prix and Eve cigarettes .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Divine	United States	Erin Gorman chief executive of Divine in the United States said she hopes the U.S.-based company can achieve a similar reach .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Mr. Brewster	Maryland	Mr. Brewster served as a U.S. senator from Maryland from 1963 to 1969 .
org:top_members/employees(e2,e1)	Zhu Yicai	Yurun Group	China should stipulate stricter criteria for market access and ban the illegal operation of small workshops said Zhu Yicai an NPC deputy and chairman of the board of the Yurun Group a well - known sausage producer in east China's Jiangsu Province .
per:country_of_birth(e2,e1)	Nigeria	Sani Abacha	Navy Captain ( retired ) Anthony Udofia served as Administrator of Osun State Nigeria from December 1993 to August 1996 during the military regime of General Sani Abacha .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Andrius Baltuska	Technical University of Vienna	In parallel with these retirements not only were three new divisions established but also several independent research groups founded : In 2004 the Attosecond Driver Laser Group was formed whose leader Dr. Andrius Baltuska took up a professorship at the Technical University of Vienna in 2006 .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Dean Rioli	Essendon Football Club	Dean Rioli played his last game for the Essendon Football Club on 26 August 2006 .
org:alternate_names(e2,e1)	Royal Canadians	the Royal Canadian Regiment	The Prince of Wales's Leinster Regiment was formed in 1881 was first raised in Canada as the 100th Regiment of Foot ( Royal Canadians ) ( also known as the Royal Canadian Regiment ) .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Greece	Ioannis Metaxas	It was on October 28 1940 that Greece 's leader Ioannis Metaxas refused Mussolini's ultimatum to surrender or be invaded .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Togo	Gilbert Houngbo	The government dispatched the presidential plane while Togo 's Prime Minister Gilbert Houngbo said Angola had not done enough to protect the team after the attack in Cabinda -- the oil-rich region in northern Angola which has seen occasional separatist violence .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Neudorf	Canada	The songs that Neudorf performed co-composed and produced with 54-40 helped to catapult their career achieving gold and platinum status in Canada .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Giovanni Lajolo	Governorate	It begins with a welcoming address by Cardinal Giovanni Lajolo the emeritus President of the Pontifical Commission for Vatican City State and emeritus President of the Governorate of the Vatican City State .
no_relation	Its	Australia	Its name is an acronym for South Australia Northern Territory Oil Search .
no_relation	Berlusconi	Forza Italia	The PPI was in opposition when Berlusconi was prime minister and joined with the left and the Northern League Forza Italia 's former ally to oust him on December 22 .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Patuakhali Science and Technology University	Patuakhali	Patuakhali Science and Technology University ( ) is a government financed public university in Patuakhali Bangladesh .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	David Gilmour	Pink Floyd	Directed by John Edginton the film includes interviews with all the Pink Floyd members - Roger Waters David Gilmour Nick Mason and Richard Wright - plus the fifth Pink Floyd Bob Klose who left the band in 1965 getting their points of view on the original band founder Syd Barrett .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	George Washington	Continental Army	The eternal model is George Washington reluctantly accepting his duty to be commander of the Continental Army and then president of the new republic .
org:top_members/employees(e2,e1)	Roberto Formigoni	Forza Italia	Formigoniani refers to the faction around Roberto Formigoni a leading member of Forza Italia a political party in Italy .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Gilles Duceppe	Quebec	One day after Ignatieff's announcement of withdrawing support for the government the leader of the Bloc Quebecois Gilles Duceppe reiterated that they are open to bringing down the government unless there is something for Quebec .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Health	Chua Soi Lek	Neither has the virus spread to humans Health Minister Chua Soi Lek said .
per:spouse(e1,e2)	Elizabeth Taylor	Eddie Fisher	1959 : Elizabeth Taylor and Eddie Fisher were married in Las Vegas .
org:alternate_names(e2,e1)	China	CFGC	China Film Group Corporation ( ) abbreviated as CFGC is the largest and most influential state-run film enterprise in China .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Interior	Dominique de Villepin	Shortly after the ceremony took place Interior Minister Dominique de Villepin instituted disciplinary procedures against .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	Eastbourne	Sussex Downs College	In July 2009 East Sussex County Council announced proposals for Eastbourne Technology College to become an academy that would be run by a trust led by the lead sponsor Sussex Downs College with the University of Brighton providing further support as a partner in the project .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Robert Zoellick	State	NEW BANK LEADER : President George W. Bush has chosen Robert Zoellick a one-time U.S. trade representative and former No. 2 official at the U.S. State Department to lead the World Bank .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Vladimir Putin	United Russia	I will propose to Vladimir Putin that he takes over the leadership of United Russia Gryzlov told journalists .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	United Kingdom	Fleet Air Arm	Civil aircraft operated in the United Kingdom were impressed into wartime service with the Royal Air Force and Fleet Air Arm one example was used by the United States Army Air Corps .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Courtney	California	Both Courtney and Ashley graduated from Millennium High School in Piedmont California to which they transferred from Modesto Christian High School at the start of the 2002-2003 year .
no_relation	Psychic TV	David Dawson	Psychic TV made its debut in 1982 at an event organised by P-Orridge David Dawson and Roger Ely called The Final Academy .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	Veolia Transportation	Metrolink	Veolia Transportation the Paris-based agency from which Metrolink contracts its engineers prohibits them from having personal electronic devices turned on or even within reach while working .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	Ministry of Education	Republic of China	In 1992 Ministry of Education of the People's Republic of China renamed it Xinyang Agriculture College .
org:founded(e1,e2)	BoltBus	2008	Two discount services BoltBus and Megabus announced discount intercity coach services to begin in late March 2008 .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Malta	H.E. Dr.George Abela	She assumed this role in absence of The President of Malta H.E. Dr.George Abela when the latter led a delegation to the Vatican City to assist to the Papal inauguration of Pope Francis .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	University of Navarra	Opus Dei	He set up the first university-level school of journalism in Spain at the University of Navarra in 1958 a university under the guidance of the Roman Catholic prelature of Opus Dei of which he was a numerary member .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	his	Aberdeen	Hearing his voice as the aerial cameras explore his hometown of Aberdeen induces a sense of intimacy that is unprecedented in movies about rock stars .
org:founded(e2,e1)	2002	Bmibaby	In 2002 BMI set up a low-cost subsidiary Bmibaby using Boeing 737s which were displaced after BMI's fleet renewal programme favoured an all-Airbus fleet .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	David Alfaro Siqueiros	Mexico	Works by Diego Rivera David Alfaro Siqueiros and Jose Clemente Orozco designed specifically for the space stretch from floor to ceiling telling the story of Mexico 's social struggles .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Fitzgerald	Capitol	John Hammond of Columbia Records showed interest in signing Fitzgerald as did Capitol Records and in September 1967 Granz signed Fitzgerald with Capitol Records .
org:founded_by(e2,e1)	Lars von Trier	Zentropa	His international reputation led the company to build a network of internationally well-established co-production partner companies including Lars von Trier 's Zentropa and most recently Francis Ford Coppola's American Zoetrope .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	she	United States	In 1963 she became the first black woman to argue a case before the Supreme Court of the United States .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	State	William H. Seward	The 62nd New York State Legislature consisting of the New York State Senate and the New York State Assembly met from January 1 to May 7 1839 during the first year of William H. Seward 's governorship in Albany .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Karolos Papoulias	Greece	On Saturday Stephanopoulos will turn over the head of state post to former foreign minister Karolos Papoulias who was elected the sixth president of Greece by a large majority of the Parliament members last month .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	California State University	San Francisco State University	Leslie E. Wong was named by the California State University Board of Trustees as the 13th president of San Francisco State University on May 10 2012 and began his new position as president on August 1 .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Ernest Charles Drury	Ontario	The school is named after Ernest Charles Drury who was Premier of Ontario from 1919 to 1923 .
per:cities_of_residence(e2,e1)	Houston	Slim Thug	The third version features Houston rappers Paul Wall and Slim Thug and the final version featuring only Paul Wall .
org:founded(e2,e1)	1985	The Crowd	In 1985 he was part of The Crowd which reached number one with the charity single You 'll Never Walk Alone for the Bradford City stadium fire .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Geir Haarde	Iceland	Prime Minister Geir Haarde of the conservative Independence Party who has been under intense pressure as Iceland has been pushed to the brink of bankruptcy by the global financial crisis arrived late for the debate .
org:founded_by(e1,e2)	Google	Sergey Brin	The Google matrix with damping factor was described by Sergey Brin and Larry Page in 1998 21 see also articles PageRank and .
org:founded_by(e1,e2)	NIDA	King	NIDA was founded on April 1 1966 from His Majesty the King Bhumibol Adulyadej inspiration with initial assistance from the Department of Technical and Economic Cooperation the Ford Foundation and the Midwest Universities Consortium for International Activities ( MUCIA ) .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Iran	Kish Air	The report said Iran expelled a Greek flight attendant from the private Iranian airline Kish Air for using Arabian Gulf on a monitor over the weekend .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Fiorello H. LaGuardia High School of Music Art and Performing Arts	New York	It was at the Fiorello H. LaGuardia High School of Music Art and Performing Arts in New York City that Adderley first met fellow student Luther Vandross with whom he would later spend much of his musical career .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Democratic Republic	Kabila	Along with numerous other African nations Namibia intervened in the Second Congo War sending troops in support of the Democratic Republic of Congo's president Kabila .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	England	Philippa of Hainault	Through her paternal grandmother Jeanne was a descendant of King Edward III of England and Philippa of Hainault - their eldest daughter Isabella being the mother of Marie de Coucy .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	General Motors	Chevrolet	General Motors Co. says its sales in China climbed 11 percent in November from a year earlier on strong demand for its Buick and Chevrolet models .
per:alternate_names(e1,e2)	Blackjack Mulligan	Big Machine	Studd along with Bundy and Heenan insisted that Andre and the Giant Machine were one and the same and set out to prove their point by vowing to unmask the Giant Machine during a series of tag team matches ; the Giant Machine's partners included Blackjack Mulligan ( as Big Machine ) and Bill Eadie ( as Super Machine ) .
per:origin(e1,e2)	Lloyd	American	Lloyd Walton ( born November 23 1953 in Chicago Illinois ) is a retired American basketball player .
per:title(e1,e2)	Michael Phillip Anderson	astronaut	Michael Phillip Anderson ( December 25 1959 February 1 2003 ) was a United States Air Force officer and NASA astronaut who was killed in the Space Shuttle Columbia disaster when the craft disintegrated after reentry into the Earth's atmosphere .
per:title(e1,e2)	Debelah Morgan	singer	Debelah Morgan ( born September 29 1977 Detroit Michigan ) is an American singer and songwriter .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Sat?	r Japa	Frustrated by strong public sentiment against the U.S. nuclear presence there Sat? ?struck a deal with the Johnson Administration exchanging control of Okinawa fo r Japa n's entry into the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty ( NPT ) .
org:top_members/employees(e2,e1)	Carlos Ghosn	Renault	We are bringing a roomy wide-bodied and reliable car with unmatched value said Carlos Ghosn president and chief executive officer of Renault .
no_relation	General Dynamics	Falls Church	Intro : General Dynamics Land Systems ( GDLS ) headquartered in Sterling Heights Michigan is a wholly owned subsidiary of General Dynamics Corporation ( NYSE : GD ) headquartered in Falls Church Virginia .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Department of Labour	New Zealand	The survey was conducted by New Zealand Department of Labour and Statistics New Zealand .
per:origin(e1,e2)	Nawaz Sharif	Pakistan	Exiled former Premier Nawaz Sharif urges the West to abandon Pakistan 's president .
no_relation	Demi Moore	Bruce Willis	Among those associated with Sun Valley are Arnold Schwarzenegger Mark Zuckerberg Mats Wilander Warren Buffett Walter Annenberg Adam West Tom Hanks Oprah Winfrey Steve Miller Demi Moore Peter Cetera Clint Eastwood Bruce Willis Ashton Kutcher Richard Dreyfuss Jamie Lee Curtis Steve Wynn Justin Timberlake Mohamed al-Fayed Barbara Kent Bill Gates and Tony Robbins .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Hypo Real Estate	Germany	Property group Land Securities saw its shares decline 3.6 percent while Hypo Real Estate shares lost 2.2 percent in Germany .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Philippe	France	The Francisque was the personal symbol of Philippe Marshal of France and Head of State .
per:title(e2,e1)	DJ	Wax Tailor	In hip-hop the fusion of samples from different genres is prominent in such artists as DJ Shadow Kid Koala or Wax Tailor .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	United States	University of Maryland University College	After becoming a naturalized United States citizen Mendis served as a military professor through the University of Maryland University College .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Nick Lowe	England	Maes and Stefanelli had previously worked with producer Nick Lowe in England and Archibald's band New Man had released an album on Epic .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	EasyJet	Luton	EasyJet was featured in the television series Airline broadcast on ITV which followed the airline's operations at London Luton and later at other bases .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Tom Harkin	Iowa	The Child Labor Deterrence Act was created by Senator Tom Harkin ( Democrat - Iowa ) and was first proposed in the United States Congress in 1992 with subsequent propositions in 1993 1995 1997 and 1999 .
org:members(e2,e1)	USC Trojans	University of Southern California	The 1941 USC Trojans football team represented the University of Southern California during the 1941 college football season .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Megabus	New York City	Coach USA which once had six divisions ( New England ( now owned by Peter Pan ) Northeast North Central Southeast ( now under the American Coach Lines brand of Coach America ) South Central ( now owned by Coach America ) and West ( now owned by Coach America ) ) now operates all of its operations in two divisions Northeast and North Central. : In the midwestern and northeastern United States Megabus a no-frills intercity bus service consists of two networks of services based out of Chicago New York City Philadelphia and Washington DC servicing cities in the Midwest from a hub in Chicago and in the Northeast from a hub in New York City .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Fujitsu	Japan	Fujitsu 's 10 Indian employees in Japan won over some of their co - workers by organizing a cricket team he said .
org:members(e2,e1)	student	Royal Institute of Technology	Being a scientist is hard work and the requirement is a genuine interest says Erik Olofsson a first-year PhD student at the Royal Institute of Technology in Stockholm Sweden whose research involves modelling magnetohydrodynamic systems such as plasmas .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Malyshev Factory	Ukraine	( Perrett 1987:41 ) In July 1961 Uralvagonzavod in Nizhny Tagil Malyshev Factory in Kharkiv Ukraine and Omsk Factory No. 183 replaced part of their T-55 production with the T-62 .
per:title(e2,e1)	astronaut	Michael J. Smith	The airport is named in memory of astronaut Michael J. Smith a native of Beaufort who died in the Space Shuttle Challenger disaster .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Treasury	Robert Rubin	He was actually a resident of Stan dish Hall which is now part of Winthrop House ) ; Federal Reserve chairman Ben Bernanke ; CEO of Goldman Sachs Lloyd Blankfein ; UCLA professor and national security expert Amy Zegart ; Clinton administration Treasury Secretary Robert Rubin ; United States Representative Barney Frank ( D-Mass . ) .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Afshin	Iran	Afshin put Iran in front when he picked up a ball whipped in from the right and lashed it past goalkeeper Yuki Saneto from six yards .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Muni Metro	California	Muni Metro is a premetro system serving San Francisco California operated by the San Francisco Municipal Railway ( Muni ) a division of the San Francisco Municipal Transportation Agency ( SFMTA ) .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	New York	Edwin D. Morgan	The 83rd New York State Legislature consisting of the New York State Senate and the New York State Assembly met from January 3 to April 17 1860 during the second year of Edwin D. Morgan 's governorship in Albany .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Marathon	Houston	-- Marathon the oil producer and refiner based in Houston posted a 15 percent decrease in fourth-quarter profit citing lower natural gas prices higher exploration expenses and a decline in refining margins .
org:alternate_names(e1,e2)	El Sistema	National Network of Youth	It was in 1975 that he founded El Sistema formally known as the Foundation for the National Network of Youth and Children Orchestras of Venezuela .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	SIFE	Egypt	SIFE UFE was eligible to be sent to the SIFE World Cup ( which provides a showcase of the impact achieved by the SIFE teams from more than 41 countries ) as the national champion team from Egypt for three consecutive years ( from 2008 to 2010 included ) and for their fourth year in 2012 where it presented the results of its communities outreach projects .
org:city_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Allen	Allen High School	According to the city most recent Comprehensive Annual Financial Report the city various funds had $ 160.9 million in Revenues $ 105.6 million in expenditures $ 654.8 million in total assets $ 125.6 million in total liabilities and $ 42.5 million in cash and investments.City of Allen CAFR Retrieved 2009-08-17 The structure of the management and coordination of city services is : Allen hosts a campus of Collin College which is located inside Allen High School .
no_relation	International Federation of Journalists	International	The study identified the most significant and/or innovative initiatives taken by or about the media to combat discrimination and/or to promote diversity The President of International Federation of Journalists Mr. Jim Boumelha is member of the International Advisory Board of the African Press Organization .
org:members(e2,e1)	Apocalypse	Musea	Apocalypse was now signed to Musea the most prestigious progressive rock label in the world .
per:country_of_birth(e1,e2)	Gaston Tong Sang	French Polynesia	Gaston Tong Sang French Polynesia 's former president has announced that he will run for president in territorial elections in January with a new party .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Finland	Kallio	This made parliamentary life fragile in Finland as the reforms created mistrust between the Agrarian League lea mainly by Kallio and the National Coalition party ( National Coalition since 1951 ) which favoured bigger land-owners .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	William Howard Taft	United States	William Howard Taft National Historic Site is a National Historic Site in Cincinnati Ohio maintained by the National Park Service of the United States .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Venezuela	Hugo	He was addressing Venezuela President Hugo .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	The Carphone Warehouse	TalkTalk	The Carphone Warehouse 's full-year earnings statement in November 2009 revealed the TalkTalk customer base had risen to 4.12 million following the purchase of Tiscali UK earlier in the year .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	JNU	New Delhi	He was also Associate Professor of Political Science at JNU New Delhi .
no_relation	Barbette	Texas	Barbette 's story is also told in the play Barbette written by Bill Lengfelder and David Goodwin and first presented in Dallas Texas in 2003 .
org:alternate_names(e1,e2)	South African Airways	SAA	The Tanzanian government selected South African Airways ( SAA ) as the winning bidder .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Dizzee Rascal	Dirtee Stank	The pair were signed to Dizzee Rascal 's Dirtee Stank record label in 2005 after D Double E showed Dirtee Stank a CD of the groups work and promptly released a mix CD on the label .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	England	Jack Hylton	He spent the years 1934 to 1937 in England contributing lyrics to stage shows and films including several songs for the 1935 Jack Hylton feature She Shall Have Music .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Abubakar	Nigeria	Moreover the General Abubakar and his hand picked loyalists ( at the state and national levels ) made laws for the entire Nigeria not minding that they violated fundamental ingredients of federalism .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Louis-Alexandre Taschereau	Quebec	The Quebec Liberal Party led by Louis-Alexandre Taschereau as Premier of Quebec was the governing party .
per:title(e2,e1)	Prime Minister	Hun Sen	Prime Minister Hun Sen and his wife Bun Rany flew with King Norodom Sihamoni from Phnom Penh to Siem Reap to see former King and Queen off .
no_relation	Dwarves	Blag Dahlia	Earl Lee Grace is a pseudonym of Dwarves front-man Paul Cafaro most well known as Blag Dahlia .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	NDProgress	Alexa McDonough	In the spring of 2001 NDProgress organized a conference in Ottawa where federal leader Alexa McDonough endorsed the one member one vote plank .
org:founded(e2,e1)	1998	Dancing Fools	They were feuding with each other in 1998 and decided to form a tag team called The Dancing Fools .
per:country_of_birth(e1,e2)	Godred Crovan	Isle of Man	Olaf was a younger son of Godred Crovan founder of the Crovan dynasty which ruled the Isle of Man and parts of the Hebrides until the mid 13th century .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	He	Cospicua	He stood as a candidate for the second ( Vittoriosa Senglea Cospicua ?abbar Kalkara and Xg?ajra ) and tenth electoral ( G?ira Pembroke Sliema and St. Julian's ) divisions of Malta for the PL .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Lebanon	Fouad Siniora	Rice who is scheduled to meet Lebanon 's pro-Western Prime Minister Fouad Siniora on Tuesday met last month with her Syrian counterpart Walid Mouallem for the first time since the assassination of former Lebanese prime minister Rafic Hariri which Washington claims was ordered by Damascus .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Nottinghamshire Police	England	Nottinghamshire Police say about people joined a protest at Ratcliffe-on-Soar power station near the central England city of Nottingham .
org:top_members/employees(e2,e1)	John Mauceri	University of North Carolina School of the Arts	Said John Mauceri the founding director of the Hollywood Bowl Orchestra who worked with Evans for 16 years and is now chancellor of the University of North Carolina School of the Arts : He 'll be terribly missed because he was so much a partner of the weekend concerts in creating the excitement and the visual element that went with the music .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e2,e1)	Georgia	Johnny Isakson	In other down ballot races Republicans gained Georgia 's Class III U.S. Senate seat which was then held by Zell Miller ( D ) with Johnny Isakson 's ( R ) victory in the open seat race to succeed him and also gained control of the Georgia House of Representatives and thus control of both houses of the Georgia General Assembly ( having already gained control of the Georgia State Senate in 2002 ) for the first time since reconstruction .
org:alternate_names(e2,e1)	Jacksonville	Everbank	With Jacksonville Municipal Stadium ( now Everbank Field ) still under construction in 1995 Florida visited Georgia at Sanford Stadium in Athens GA for the first time in 63 years .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Xie Shaoguang	MediaCorp	Xie Shaoguang ( born 15 September 1965 ) is a Singaporean former actor best known for acting in many Chinese-language television dramas produced by MediaCorp Channel 8 .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	GCap Media	Network	The show is broadcast on most of GCap Media 's One Network stations across the United Kingdom .
org:top_members/employees(e2,e1)	Shi Zhengrong	Suntech Power	Other advisors in the group include Shi Zhengrong CEO of Suntech Power Holdings in China Sultan Ahmed Al Jaber who is the CEO of the Masdar Initiative in the United Arab Emirates Rubens Ometto Silveira Mello CEO of the sugar and alcohol company Cosan in Brazil Former President of Costa Rica Jose Figueres and Heldge Lund CEO of the oil and gas company Statoil Hydro in Norway .
org:founded(e1,e2)	university	1942	The university was founded in 1942 as Omsk Machine Building Institute .
per:title(e2,e1)	Chief	Sheikh Abdul Halim	I am confident the Organisation of the Islamic Conference ( OIC ) will also agree to the idea he was quoted as saying after his Iranian delegation met the Malaysian Chief Justice Ahmad Fairuz Sheikh Abdul Halim .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Corker	Tennessee	Corker portrayed Ford as a hyper-political Washington insider with nothing in common with Tennessee residents .
org:members(e2,e1)	Virginia Military Institute	Division I	He then attended the Virginia Military Institute where he lettered in a NCAA Division I wrestling program and graduated as a Distinguished Military graduate and president of an honor society in 2005 .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	Army	XIII Corps	Alexander and Montgomery were able to resist the pressure from Churchill building the army's strength and adding a pursuit formation X Corps to the Army 's XIII Corps and XXX Corps .
per:title(e2,e1)	Actor	Jared Padalecki	Actor Jared Padalecki ( Supernatural Gilmore Girls ) is 25 .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	University of Aberdeen	Scotland	It's unnecessary for women to wait to conceive again after a miscarriage said Sohinee Bhattacharya a lecturer in obstetric epidemiology at the University of Aberdeen in Scotland one of the paper's authors .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Dave Navarro	Jane's Addiction	Dave Navarro and Flea played guitar and bass guitar which would later lead them to join Jane's Addiction later that year .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	Talyshinskaya	Baku	Born in Lankaran to a wealthy noble family ( from her maternal side she was the niece of general Samad bey Mehmandarov ) Talyshinskaya first studied at Maryam Bayramalibeyova's Uns School for Girls and moved to Baku at the age of nine to attend the Azerbaijani Girls Seminary .
org:members(e2,e1)	university	Big 12 Conference	Following the dissolution of the SWC the university became a charter member of the Big 12 Conference .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Salvador Allende	Chile	President Richard Nixon discussed with Brazil's president a cooperative effort to overthrow the government of Salvador Allende of Chile according to recently declassified documents that reveal deep collaboration between the United States and Brazil in trying to root out leftists in Latin America during the Cold War .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	KIMEP	Luca Accounting Club	There are more than 30 student clubs at KIMEP including the KIMEP Times eClub ( Entrepreneurship Club ) Future Business Group KIMEP Film Society Intellectual Debate Club Math Club Luca Accounting Club Zhas Kenes Charity Group CrEAteam and KVN .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	paul	Canada	Chair in Forest Ecology and Tree Physiology University of Minnesota Prof. Riccardo Reitano Department of Physics and Astronomy University of Catania Italy Prof. Christian Shorey Geology and Geologic Engineering Colorado School of Mines Suffolk County Community College MET101 students Glenn Tamblyn B Eng ( Mech ) Melbourne University Australia Dr. paul Viau Laboratory for paleoclimatology and climatology Department of Geography University of Ottawa Canada Dr. Haydn Washington Environmental Scientist Robert Way Department of Geography Memorial University of Newfoundland Canada Dr. Ray Weymann Director Emeritus and Staff Member Emeritus Carnegie Observatories Pasadena California ; Member National Academy of Sciences James Wight Winkler Germany .
org:founded(e1,e2)	Incarnate Word	1881	Incarnate Word was founded in 1881 by the Sisters of Charity of the Incarnate Word who came to San Antonio at the request of Bishop Claude Dubuis .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Carlos Manuel de y Quesada	Cuba	Prior to the Pentarchy General Alberto Herrera ( August 12 13 1933 ) and Carlos Manuel de y Quesada ( August 13 - September 5 1933 ) served as President of Cuba .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Interior	Giuliano Amato	Italian Interior Minister Giuliano Amato congratulated police officers on the success of the Hammam operation which was the culmination of a probe spanning more than two years .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Enron	United States	Enron once the United States ' seventh-largest company entered bankruptcy proceedings in December 2001 after accounting tricks could no longer hide billions of dollars in debt .
no_relation	Francis Ernest Lloyd	M.A.	Francis Ernest Lloyd M.A. ( October 4 1868 October 10 1947 ) was an American botanist born in Manchester England and educated at Princeton University ( A.B. 1891 ; A.M. 1895 ) in New Jersey and in Europe at Munich and Bonn in Germany .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Holgate School	South Yorkshire	Holgate School was a state school in Barnsley South Yorkshire England .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	Salem	Oregon Department of Transportation	Amtrak the national passenger rail system leases the Salem Depot from the Oregon Department of Transportation .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Whig	Zachary Taylor	Barboursville is the birthplace of General and Whig President Zachary Taylor .
per:country_of_birth(e1,e2)	Alfred Gusenbauer	Austria	During the meeting Chancellor Alfred Gusenbauer also said Austria attaches importance to developing relations with China .
no_relation	Ecuador	teleSUR	Recently under the initiative of the Venezuelan government of president Hugo and with the sponsorship of the governments of Argentina Bolivia Cuba Ecuador and Nicaragua the news and documentary network teleSUR was created with the intended to be an instrument toward the concretizing of the Bolivarian idea through the integration of America and as a counterweight to what the governments that funds it consider a distorted view of Latin American reality by privately run networks that broadcast to the region .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	Air Force Space Command	Peterson Air Force Base	From August 1998 to February 2000 General Myers was Commander in Chief of the North American Aerospace Defense Command and U.S. Space Command ; Commander of the Air Force Space Command ; and Department of Defense manager of the space transportation system contingency support at Peterson Air Force Base Colorado .
org:alternate_names(e1,e2)	Fire Brigades Union	FBU	The IAFF recently began talks with the Fire Brigades Union ( FBU ) of the United Kingdom the United Firefighters Union of Australia ( UFUA ) and the New Zealand Professional Firefighters Union ( NZPFU ) that could eventually result in a global alliance of fire fighting unions to further the cause of their members around the world .
org:founded_by(e1,e2)	Lost Tribe	Matt Darey	Lost Tribe is an electronic music duo formed by Matt Darey and Red Jerry .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Taj Mahal	Jesse Ed Davis	Taj Mahal had two Tulsans in his band : Chuck Blackwell and Gary Gillmore and one Oklahoma City native Jesse Ed Davis .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	France	Vivendi	Operating profit at Bouygues Telecom France's third-largest mobile-phone operator behind France Telecom SA's Orange and Vivendi SA's SFR grew 26 percent to euro746 million ( US$ 1.11 billion ) -- helped by unlimited call plans .
per:spouse(e2,e1)	Mary of Teck	George V of the United Kingdom	The Curtis Quartet was a pioneer in its time and earned great acclaim : as the foremost string quartet in America during the prewar years ; the first touring quartet to be trained entirely in the United States ; and as the first American quartet to tour Europe including a command performance before Mary of Teck Queen Consort of George V of the United Kingdom .
no_relation	Kenneth Williams	England	Enraged revolutionary leader Citizen Camembert ( Kenneth Williams ) and his toadying lackey Citizen Bidet ( Peter Butterworth ) scour France and England for the elusive saviour of the French nobles who has become known as The Black Fingernail .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	John Marshall	Virginia	John Marshall High School is a public high school located in Glen Dale West Virginia USA .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Serj Tankian	Serjical Strike	Serj Tankian 's debut solo album Elect the Dead was also on Serjical Strike Records in addition to Reprise Records .
org:members(e2,e1)	Sunstate	QantasLink	Sunstate Airlines is a subsidiary of Qantas which operates regional flights under the QantasLink banner throughout Queensland ; and on the trunk routes between Sydney and Canberra and between Brisbane and Canberra .
per:alternate_names(e2,e1)	Histeria	Super Crazy	He is the second person to wrestle as Histeria taking over from the previous wrestler who became known as Super Crazy .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Italy	Giorgione	This market had been emerging over the last half of the 15th century in Italy and was much better established in the Netherlands but Giorgione was the first major Italian painter to concentrate his work on it to such an extent indeed soon after his death the size of paintings began to increase with the prosperity and palaces of the patrons .
org:top_members/employees(e2,e1)	Herbert Coker	University of Lagos	The first of the new studies carried out by Chimezie Anyakora Ugochukwu Obiakor Funke Babalogbon and Herbert Coker of the Department of Pharmaceutical Chemistry University of Lagos indicated that 25 percent of exposed subjects ( auto mechanics ) were found to contain one PAH or the other while one out of eleven unexposed subjects ( students ) contains PAH in their blood sample .
per:title(e1,e2)	He	DJ	He shifted his attention from dance to music in the late 1990s touring southern Germany as a techno and hip hop DJ .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Thune	South Dakota	In late 2011 the Mitchell Daily Republic reported that Thune elevation to the No. 3 spot makes him the highest-ranking Republican senator in South Dakota history .
org:founded(e1,e2)	BBC News	1997	He has been with the BBC News Channel since it launched as BBC News 24 in 1997 and once presented the 0900-1300 shift on weekday mornings initially alongside Jackie Hardgrave now with BBC Radio Four and then with Joanna Gosling who is still a presenter with the channel .
per:origin(e1,e2)	British Forces Cyprus	British	This battalions will be Foxhound-mounted infantry battalions The following officers have been in command of British Forces Cyprus : Operation TOSCA is the name given to the British contribution to the United Nations Peacekeeping Force in Cyprus ( UNFICYP ) .
per:country_of_birth(e2,e1)	Liberia	Charles Taylor	According to U.S. prosecutors when in Liberia Emmanuel headed the Demon Forces a paramilitary anti-terrorism security unit for Charles Taylor .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Philippines	Adamson University	Two years later she married George Adamson and moved to the Philippines where she became the dean of education at Adamson University an engineering school founded by her husband .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	California National Guard	California	Officials are investigating whether troops from a military police company with the California National Guard took donations intended for Southern California wildfire victims .
org:top_members/employees(e2,e1)	Steinar Eikum	TNT	In August 1983 Morty Black replaced Steinar Eikum on bass and the following year American vocalist Tony Harnell became TNT 's new frontman making his debut on their album Knights of the New Thunder .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	University	Matsumoto	The University has five campuses in Matsumoto Nishi-nagano ( Nagano ) Wakasato ( Nagano ) Ueda and Minami-Minowa and 8 faculties with a total of around students .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	JALways	Japan Airlines	JALways was once a wholly owned subsidiary of Japan's flag carrier Japan Airlines but on December 1 2010 its operations were merged into those of its parent company .
per:title(e2,e1)	President	Omar Bongo	He was long identified with the reformist faction of the Gabonese Democratic Party ( PDG ) during the rule of President Omar Bongo holding various important posts .
no_relation	Democratic Republic	Kabila	Namibia also intervened in the Second Congo War sending troops in support of the Democratic Republic of Congo's president Kabila .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	University of Phoenix	Arizona	The Copa Panamericana 2007 was a minor football club tournament organized by DIRECTV between July 16 and July 22 in the University of Phoenix Stadium in Glendale Arizona USA .
per:title(e2,e1)	Actor	Damian Lewis	The series has received critical acclaim as well as several industry awards including winning the 2012 Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Drama Series the Golden Globe Award for Best Television Series Drama and the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Lead Actor in a Drama Series and Lead Actress in a Drama Series for Damian Lewis and Claire Danes respectively .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Australia	Joseph Lyons	With Australia still suffering the effects of the Great Depression Joseph Lyons newly formed United Australia Party won a landslide victory at the 19 December 1931 Australian Federal Election winning 34 seats in the Australian House of Representatives against 16 Country Party 14 Australian Labor Party and 4 for Lang Labor with a further 6 won by the South Australia Emergency Committee and with 1 Independent .
per:alternate_names(e2,e1)	Bolton	Amir Khan	Bolton born Amir Khan became the WBA World light-welterweight champion on 18 July 2009 at the age of 22 making him Britain's third-youngest world champion boxer .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Energy	Samuel Bodman	The United States has told the Indian government that it is opposed to plans to build a natural gas pipeline from Iran to India through Pakistan U.S. Energy Secretary Samuel Bodman said Wednesday .
per:cities_of_residence(e2,e1)	Tokyo	Kiyohara Tama	Sixteen of Ragusa's works were given to the Imperial Art School in Tokyo by Kiyohara Tama on her return to Japan in 1933 .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Nicaragua	Daniel Ortega	Republic of China Ambassador to Nicaragua Wu Chin-mu extended the appreciation of Nicaragua President Daniel Ortega to the teram for its work .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Cheyenne East High School	Cheyenne	Cheyenne East High School is a public secondary institution ( grades 9-12 ) located in Cheyenne Wyoming and serves Laramie County School District # 1 .
org:alternate_names(e1,e2)	MediaCorp	News	Woon Tai Ho managing director of MediaCorp News which operates Channel NewsAsia said Both networks bring different strengths to the partnership and in this current competitive market it can only be a bonus for our regional viewers .
org:alternate_names(e1,e2)	New York Air	National Guard	The missions of the New York Guard include augmentation assistance and support of the New York Army National Guard and New York Air National Guard respectively and aide to civil authorities in New York State .
per:spouse(e1,e2)	Casimir IV Jagiellon	Elisabeth of Austria	Her paternal grandparents were William II of Hesse and Anna of Mecklenburg-Schwerin and her maternal grandparents were George Duke of Saxony and Barbara Jagiellon daughter of King Casimir IV Jagiellon of Poland and Elisabeth of Austria .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Little Pattie	Australia	In addition to her music career Little Pattie was a member of the Council for the Australian War Memorial from 1995 until 1998 and received an Order of Australia Medal in 2003 for her services ( as National President ) to the Media Entertainment and Arts Alliance and ( as vice-president ) to Actors ' Equity .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Robert Walpole	Exchequer	1745 : Robert Walpole English politician who as first Lord of the Treasury and Chancellor of the Exchequer led the Whig administration .
per:title(e1,e2)	Carlos Prieto	cellist	Carrasco shared the stage with important soloists and singers such as : Lucia Aliberti Mario Hossen Antal Szalai Demus Carlos Prieto ( cellist ) Eva Maria Zuk Otto Sauter Joan Kwuon Michael Werba Carlos Bonell Vadim Brodski just to name a few .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	1981	Washington Diplomats	He spent the summer of 1981 playing in the United States for Washington Diplomats before returning to The Dell .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Edward Heath	United Kingdom	Sir Edward Heath - Prime Minister of the United Kingdom from 1970 to 1974 .
per:cities_of_residence(e2,e1)	North London	Arsenal	Those two English clubs have an intense rivalry in North London a battle that Henry a French striker joined in 1999 when he transferred to Arsenal from Juventus .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Honda	Tokyo	Ecalating operational costs amid the worldwide financial crisis has forced Honda to shut down the racing team Honda CEO Takeo Fukui said at a media conference in Tokyo .
no_relation	Stax	Sam Dave	When Stax and Atlantic severed their distribution agreement in 1968 Sam Dave became Atlantic recording artists and shortly thereafter they lost the ability to work with Hayes Porter and the Stax musicians .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	National Intelligence	John Negroponte	Aides to National Intelligence Director John Negroponte and West Virginia Sen. Jay Rockefeller the top Democrat on the Senate Intelligence Committee declined to comment Thursday night .
org:members(e2,e1)	South Park Mexican	Dope House Records	Carlos Coy ( born October 5 1970 ) better known by his stage name South Park Mexican is an American rapper founder of Dope House Records and convicted felon .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	New Zealand	Heartland Championship	The North Otago Rugby Football Union ( NORFU ) is a New Zealand rugby union province based in Oamaru and current holders of the Meads cup the top trophy in the Heartland Championship .
per:title(e2,e1)	Finance	Wouter Bos	Dutch Finance Minister Wouter Bos has criticized the passive manner in which the United States is dealing with the current financial crisis Dutch daily Financiele Dagblad reported Monday .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Oscar Temaru	French Polynesia	Oscar Temaru announced his new presidential cabinet on September 19 2007 shortly after his election as President of French Polynesia .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	State	John Hay	Florence was quite the socialite running in circles with the likes of Secretary of State John Hay Agnes Meyer Katharine Graham Ruth Draper and President Mrs. Taft .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	Union	2nd Wisconsin Volunteer Infantry Regiment	Vaughan joined the Union Army as a second lieutenant in the 2nd Wisconsin Volunteer Infantry Regiment on June 11 1861 .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Unibanco	Brazil	Together Itau and Unibanco will have assets of 575 billion reais ( 265 billion dollars ) and account for around 20 percent of Brazil 's savings accounts and credit .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Stetsenko	Ukraine	Stetsenko led the other choir touring Ukraine to promote national unity .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Bank	Netherlands	Bank accounts in the Netherlands are insured by the government for the first # 8264 ; 0 and the central bank said customers would be able to pull money from their accounts using bank passes until midnight Wednesday .
per:title(e2,e1)	President	Hosni Mubarak	The candidate of the National Democratic Party ( NDP ) will be President Mohammed Hosni Mubarak .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	He	Vandit	He released his first two albums and stayed with MFS up until 1998 when he left and formed his own label Vandit .
org:top_members/employees(e2,e1)	Byron Grote	BP	Byron Grote BP 's chief financial officer said on June 16 the firm would sell mostly non-core assets .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Cummins	China	On 20 October 2011 LiuGong and Cummins Inc. signed a joint-venture agreement to build a new mid-range engine manufacturing facility in Liuzhou Guangxi Province southern China .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	New Zealand	Bic Runga	' You say it Bec rather than Bic ' explains New Zealand singer-songwriter Bic Runga .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Jewel	United States	Jewel v. National Security Agency ( NSA ) is a United States class action lawsuit filed by the Electronic Frontier Foundation ( EFF ) against the National Security Agency et al. charging an illegal and unconstitutional program of dragnet communications surveillance .
org:alternate_names(e1,e2)	Australian Federal Police	AFP	Mike Phelan International Operations Chief of the Australian Federal Police ( AFP ) said This is obviously some sort of sophisticated syndicate .
org:founded_by(e1,e2)	DuPont	samuel	E. I. du Pont de Nemours and Company commonly referred to as DuPont is an American chemical company that was founded in July 1802 as a gunpowder mill by samuel du Pont .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Cambodia	Hun Sen	Still Meng often accompany's Cambodia 's Prime Minister Hun Sen abroad to help promote Cambodia's economic interests .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Franklin Pierce	New Hampshire	Each year the University celebrates the Intellectual Property Summer Institute in cooperation with Franklin Pierce Law Center of Concord New Hampshire .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	INXS	Michael Hutchence	Hore is known for having disrupted numerous sporting events across Australia as well as the funerals of former INXS frontman Michael Hutchence and racehorse trainer T J Smith often with bizarre religious claims or gratuitous nudity .
per:title(e2,e1)	guitarist	Scotty Moore	According to his first lead guitarist Scotty Moore Presley was not an accomplished musician yet he possessed an uncanny and amazing sense of timing and rhythm .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Psyclon Nine	Metropolis	Crwn Thy Frnicatr is Psyclon Nine 's third studio album released on October 23 2006 by US label Metropolis Records and on November 10 2006 by German label NoiTekk .
per:alternate_names(e1,e2)	Andrew W.K.	Wolf Eyes	In 2000 he released his first EP AWKGOJ on Bulb Records which would be the first solo release under the Andrew W.K. name ( he appeared under the name on a Wolf Eyes EP earlier that year ) .
no_relation	Constantine	Leo	She was brought to Constantinople by Emperor Constantine V on 1 November 769 and was married to his son Leo IV on 17 December .
per:country_of_birth(e2,e1)	Singapore	his	Born in Singapore in 1945 Poon graduated from the Nanyang Academy of Fine Arts ( NAFA ) in 1964 and held his first exhibition at the old National Library .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Greece	Elena Paparizou	It was chosen as Greece official participation in the Eurovision Song Contest in Kiev Ukraine and sung by Elena Paparizou on May 21 2005 .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	Metropolitan Savings Bank of Brooklyn	HSBC	That same day Metropolitan Savings Bank of Brooklyn ( now part of HSBC Bank USA ) was named the new owner of the bank accounts .
per:cities_of_residence(e2,e1)	Vancouver	Jeff Wall	This is one of the post-conceptual characteristics of contemporary art practices in Vancouver of which Jeff Wall or Stan Douglas are also representative .
org:members(e1,e2)	Major Soccer League	San Diego Sockers	The 1991 92 Major Soccer League season was the 14th in league history and would end with the San Diego Sockers winning their tenth title in 11 indoor seasons .
no_relation	Gilmour	EMI	He joined the guests at Gilmour 's wedding reception in the EMI canteen but left without saying goodbye .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	India	Shankar	This is an extremely disgraceful lapse on the part of the government of India former army chief Shankar Roychowdhury told the CNN-IBN news channel adding that it was particularly insulting as other people with no connection to government were exempt .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e2,e1)	New Hampshire	Louis C. Wyman	The fall campaign of 1974 pitted Democrat John A. Durkin who had served as the state's insurance commissioner against the conservative widely known Republican member of the United States House of Representatives from New Hampshire 's 1st congressional district Louis C. Wyman .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Sonny	Kapp	Since Sonny 's first attempts at reviving their recording career as a duo had also been unsuccessful Kapp Records recruited Snuff Garrett to work with them .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Reserve Bank of New Zealand	New Zealand	A final controversy occurred during the course of the election and transfer of government : during early 1984 Roderick Deane then Deputy Governor of the Reserve Bank of New Zealand became concerned that the New Zealand dollar ( which had a fixed exchange-rate to the US Dollar ) had become significantly overvalued and was vulnerable to currency speculation on the financial markets in the event of a significant political event .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	he	Mauritius	They agreed that after 3 years he would step down as Prime Minister to become the President of Mauritius with enhanced powers and would become Prime Minister the first non-Hindu to do so .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Its	Ohio	Its corporate headquarters are in Mayfield Heights Ohio in Greater Cleveland ( with a Cleveland mailing address ) .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Haiti	Henri Christophe	Haiti became the first presidential republic in Latin America when Henri Christophe assumed the title in 1807 .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Party of Regions	Viktor Yanukovych	The Party of Regions led by former president Viktor Yanukovych was talking about creating a grand coalition with Prime Minister Yulia Tymoshenko's party even though those two leaders have sniped at each other for years .
per:cities_of_residence(e2,e1)	Pasadena	Roscoe G. Dickinson	In 1922 Pauling graduated from Oregon State University ( known then as Oregon Agricultural College ) with a degree in chemical engineering and went on to graduate school at the California Institute of Technology ( Caltech ) in Pasadena California under the guidance of Roscoe G. Dickinson .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Cunneen	Final Warning	Cunneen is best known for his drum work with the 1980s Portland Oregon bands Final Warning and The Obituaries as well as the 1990s Seattle Washington based bands Zipgun and Nightcaps .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Romania	C?lin Popescu-T?ricea	Since then the two have consulted and managed campaigns throughout Europe and the Middle East including the successful campaigns of Prime Minister of Israel Ariel Sharon Chancellor of Austria Alfred Gusenbauer Prime Minister of Bulgaria Sergey Stanishev Prime Minister of Romania C?lin Popescu-T?ricea nu Prime Minister of Kosovo Hashim and President of Serbia Boris Tadic .
org:founded_by(e1,e2)	Tate Lyle	Henry Tate	Tate Lyle 's two factories had been built in the late nineteenth century by two rival sugar refiners Henry Tate and Abram Lyle whose companies had merged in the 1920s .
org:top_members/employees(e1,e2)	Trojan	Renee	Former Trojan player Renee ( Mack ) Baumgartner returned as head coach in 1994 and led USC to second place at the NCAAs in her first year .
org:founded(e1,e2)	Lancing College	1848	The corporation owns 23 independent schools and is affiliated with 17 schools both state and independent.Woodard Schools The flagship school of the Woodard Corporation is Lancing College founded by Nathaniel Woodard in 1848 while the largest school is The Littlehampton Academy with over students .
org:members(e2,e1)	the McGuire Sisters	Phyllis McGuire	In Fargo University he met one of the members of the McGuire Sisters named Phyllis McGuire .
per:spouse(e1,e2)	Chen	Wu Shu-chen	Chen 's wife Wu Shu-chen had previously been sentenced to life imprisonment by the court .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	State	Lawrence Eagleburger	When these searches were made public Acting United States Secretary of State Lawrence Eagleburger fired Tamposi as Assistant Secretary of State for Consular Affairs on November 10 1992 .
org:top_members/employees(e2,e1)	Mortimer Zuckerman	Boston Properties	The Wall Street Journal citing a person familiar with the matter said Mortimer Zuckerman the chairman of real estate firm Boston Properties and owner of the New York Daily News and U.S. News World Report had significant exposure through a fund that invested substantially all of its assets with Madoff .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Brazil	Banco do Brasil	Brazil 's Federal Police arrested Friday 23 people allegedly trying to withdraw one billion reais ( 560 million U.S. dollars ) from government bank Banco do Brasil by taking advantage of a typing error committed 10 years ago .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Eamon	United States	I Do n't Want You Back is the debut album by American singer Eamon released in the United States on February 17 2004 .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	Department of Agriculture	Natural Resources Conservation Service	The United States Department of Agriculture Natural Resources Conservation Service formerly Soil Conservation Service classifies soil pH ranges as follows : Acidity in soils comes from H + and Al3 + ions in the soil solution and sorbed to soil surfaces .
no_relation	Tillis	Florida	Tillis attended the University of Florida .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Jan Smuts	South Africa	During World War II Prime Minister Jan Smuts lived there while conducting South Africa 's war plans .
per:cities_of_residence(e2,e1)	Lisbon	de Oliveira Salazar	In Lisbon during the de Oliveira Salazar 's Estado Novo dictatorship Pereira ( Marcello Mastroianni ) a journalist that works in the culture section of a newspaper discovers the real dark side of the regime when he meets and helps an anti-fascist young man Monteiro Rossi ( Stefano Dionisi ) .
no_relation	Ligue	Olympique Lyonnais	The Stade de Gerland ( otherwise known as Municipal de Gerland or Stade Gerland ; ) is a stadium in the city of Lyon France and home to Ligue 1 football club Olympique Lyonnais .
per:country_of_birth(e1,e2)	Pawe? Ma?aszy	44; Pol	Pawe? Ma?aszy ski ( born June 26 1976 in Szczecinek 44; Pol and ) is a Polish TV and film actor .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Gilles Duceppe	Quebec	Gilles Duceppe helped Pauline Marois campaign in the 2008 Quebec provincial election she did not win and the Liberals gained a slight majority .
per:title(e2,e1)	producer	he	Copeland became a prolific producer of movie and television soundtracks and he recorded and toured with two new bands Animal Logic and Oysterhead .
per:title(e2,e1)	Foreign Affairs	Elpidio Quirino	After independence the highest-ranking cabinet position became that of Secretary of Foreign Affairs ( it is still the highest-ranking cabinet portfolio in official protocol to this day ) which was given to Vice President Elpidio Quirino .
no_relation	Payne	Zutons	Some fashion writers reflected on Payne 's influence and that of Abi Harding of the Zutons on Liverpool's underground band scene drawing a contrast with the brassier style of local WAGs such as Alex Curran and Coleen McLoughlin ( wives of footballers Steven Gerrard and Wayne Rooney ) .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Max Baucus	Montana	I have long supported negotiations for a free trade agreement with Korea said Democratic Senator Max Baucus chairman of the powerful Senate Finance Committee who hails from the major beef producing state of Montana .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Wavell School	Hampshire	Wavell School Farnborough Hampshire - Hooray for Hollywood 2001 Be Your Best Bournemouth Rock ChallengeBournemouth Pavilion Bournemouth Dorset .
per:spouse(e2,e1)	Elton John	David Furnish	On 21 December 2005 it also hosted one of the first same sex civil partnership ceremonies to be held in England that of Sir Elton John and David Furnish .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	Blohm + Voss	ThyssenKrupp Marine Systems	Today Blohm + Voss is ( along with Howaldtswerke at Kiel and Nordseewerke at Emden ) a subsidiary of ThyssenKrupp Marine Systems .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	School of Physical Sciences	UCI	The School of Physical Sciences is an academic unit of the University of California Irvine ( UCI ) that conducts academic research and teaching in the field of physical sciences .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	Whatman	Maidstone	The club had earmarked James Whatman Way as the site of a new ground in Maidstone but until this was built they would have to groundshare outside the town .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Nieto	Mexico	In Europe Nieto had gained fame and recognition in the art world but in Mexico his art was rejected .
org:founded(e1,e2)	iN Demand	1985	iN Demand was launched in November 27 1985 with one channel as Viewer's Choice ( unrelated to Canada's Viewers Choice ) .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Vietnam	Ho Chi Minh	United Airlines announced it would begin a daily passenger and cargo service between Vietnam 's southern Ho Chi Minh City and Los Angeles via China's Hong Kong on Oct. 29 .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Bennington	Linkin Park	Blue arranged for Bennington to become a member of the band which later changed its name to Linkin Park .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	Boots Group	Boots	In October 2005 Reckitt Benckiser agreed to purchase the over-the-counter drugs manufacturing business of Boots Group Boots Healthcare International for 1.9 billion .
per:cities_of_residence(e2,e1)	Toronto	him	The series which featured 20 Toronto artists had him reflecting on his time performing at the Cameron House .
no_relation	Etihad Airways	Dublin	In 2010 Etihad Airways announced a new maintenance hangar which will handle the Airbus A330-200 which the airline uses on their route from Dublin .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Botswana	Ian Khama	Botswana President Ian Khama said Thursday a power-sharing pact in neighbouring Zimbabwe was in danger of collapse as parties fail to agree on key issues eight months after joining forces .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Mikhail Gorbachev	Communist Party	1990 : Soviet President Mikhail Gorbachev indicates that the Communist Party must abandon its monopoly on power .
org:top_members/employees(e1,e2)	Philippine Navy	Rear Admiral	The Philippine Navy officially confirmed the Joint Visual Inspection ( JVI ) by its officials led by Rear Admiral Orwen Cortez of South Carolina-based Hamilton class cutter USCGC Dallas ( WHEC-716 ) from October 31 to November 5 2011 .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Territorial Enterprise	Virginia City	[ Baconian ] Mark Twain clearly had Halloween on his mind when on October 28 1863 he reported on a gruesome string of murders for the Territorial Enterprise a Virginia City Nevada newspaper .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Hans Blix	International Atomic Energy Agency	3:45 am - 5:00 pm PANEL II : BEYOND ZERO ENRICHMENT - FINDING THE NUCLEAR FIX Dr. Hans Blix Chairman Weapons of Mass Destruction Commission ( WMDC ) Former Director General International Atomic Energy Agency ( IAEA ) .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	CME Group	Chicago Board of Trade	Mary Haffenberg a spokeswoman for the CME Group which owns the Chicago Board of Trade where these contracts trade said the anomalies might be a temporary result of a lot of shocks to the system including sharp increases in worldwide food demand uncertainty about supplies and surging commodity investments .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Southern Cross University	Lismore	Title : Head of School ( Fixed-term 5 Years ) Employer : Southern Cross University School of Environmental Science and Management Location : Lismore New South Wales Australia Posted : Nov 19 .
org:alternate_names(e2,e1)	Leipzig	Felix Mendelssohn College of Music and Theatre	From 1994 to his retirement he held the chair for composition at the Leipzig Felix Mendelssohn College of Music and Theatre .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	her	Capitol	In 2003 her self-titled fourth album was released on her new label Capitol Records .
org:members(e2,e1)	Missouri State Bears	Springfield	The Missouri State Bears soccer team represent Missouri State University of Springfield Missouri in the Missouri Valley Conference of NCAA Division I men's soccer .
per:spouse(e1,e2)	Woody Harrelson	Laura Louie	Sight-seeing : Actor Woody Harrelson his wife Laura Louie magician David Blaine and his fiancee Alizee Guinochet stroll around Venice's San Marco Piazza on Friday morning .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Williams Lake	British Columbia	Williams Lake British Columbia has a humid continental climate with warm summers .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Israel	Yitzhak Rabin	The dovish MP in the early 1990s initiated unprecedented talks with the Palestinians that led to the Oslo autonomy process adopted by Israel 's government under former prime minister Yitzhak Rabin .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Elvis Presley	USA	Less excellent from the altruism perspective but still relevant are Elvis Presley in the USA and in the UK The Beatles and The Rolling Stones whose impact on / culture / ( outside the strictly musical sphere ) was significant .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Pietro Badoglio	Italy	Because with the beginning of the Cold War the British government saw in Pietro Badoglio 's post-war political career a guarantee of an anti-communist post-war Italy he was never tried for Italian war crimes committed in Africa.Effie Pedaliu ( 2004 ) Britain and the ' Hand-over ' of Italian War Criminals to Yugoslavia 1945-48 .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Koh	Penang	Koh who was a first-term state assemblyman from Tanjung Bungah was selected to lead the Barisan Nasional government in Penang and became the state's third Chief Minister .
org:alternate_names(e1,e2)	No. 14 Squadron	Tiedustelulentolaivue	No. 14 Squadron ( or LLv .14 from 3 May 1942 Le.Lv .14 ) renamed No. 14 Reconnaissance Squadron ( Finnish : Tiedustelulentolaivue 14 or TLe.Lv .14 on 14 February 1944 ) was a reconnaissance squadron of the Finnish Air Force during World War II .
per:alternate_names(e2,e1)	Hacksaw	Jim Duggan	Samoa Joe from TNA Harlem Heat 2000 ( Big T and Stevie Ray ) from World Championship Wrestling and Tammy Lynn Sytch Christy Hemme and Daivari from World Wrestling Entertainment have all made appearances for the promotion as well as older wrestlers such as Abdullah the Butcher Kamala and Hacksaw Jim Duggan the latter holding the promotion's heavyweight title in 2003 .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Mount Union College	Alliance	He attended the public schools and was a student for some time at Valparaiso Indiana and at Mount Union College in Alliance Ohio .
org:city_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Chinatown	SVCMC	Due its close proximity to Chinatown Manhattan two miles away SVCMC has had close ties to the Chinese community throughout its history .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Judge	United States	Prior to her appointment Judge Mauskopf served for approximately five years ( 2002 2007 ) as the United States Attorney for the Eastern District of New York overseeing a staff of nearly 200 attorneys .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	David Peterson	Ontario	Its most notable representative was former Liberal Premier David Peterson and was located in London Ontario .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	High Court	Edmund Barton	Murphy was one of only eight justices of the High Court to have served in the Parliament of Australia prior to his appointment to the Court along with Edmund Barton Richard O'Connor Isaac Isaacs H. B. Higgins Edward McTiernan John Latham and Garfield Barwick .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	University of Alaska	University of Alaska Anchorage	The system consists of three main universities : University of Alaska Fairbanks -- the first campus ; University of Alaska Anchorage -- the largest campus ; and University of Alaska Southeast -- the main campus of which is in the state capital of Juneau .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	France	nationale d'administration	Born in Geneva Switzerland in July 1942 Louis Schweitzer has a degree in law and is a graduate of France 's elite Institut politiques de Paris ( Sciences Po ) and nationale d'administration .
no_relation	Ohio	Youngstown State University	It has been home to Ohio Bobcats swimming and diving since it was opened on January 27 1984 before a dual meet against the Youngstown State University Penguins .
org:top_members/employees(e1,e2)	Ritz Newspaper	David Bailey	In 1977 Lynn started her journalistic career when she became the film editor and gossip columnist for the now defunct Ritz Newspaper published by David Bailey .
org:founded_by(e2,e1)	Vesey	Sutton Coldfield Grammar School for Girls	Bishop Vesey 's Grammar School for boys and Sutton Coldfield Grammar School for Girls are located within the ward .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	John F. Kennedy High School	United States	John F. Kennedy High School is a high school located in Fremont California in the United States .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Continental Army	George Washington	John Paterson ( often spelled Patterson ; 1744 July 19 1808 ) was a major general of the Continental Army under George Washington and later a U.S. Congressman from New York .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Nova Scotia	Acadia University	Born in Kingston Nova Scotia the son of son of Edward and Sarah A. ( Currell ) Armstrong Armstrong studied at Acadia University and Dalhousie University where he received a Bachelor of Laws degree .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Guns N ' Roses	Izzy Stradlin	In June 1985 Adler joined Guns N ' Roses which was newly founded by Axl Rose Izzy Stradlin and several members of L.A. Guns .
per:title(e1,e2)	Glenn Corbett	actor	Glenn Corbett ( August 17 1933 January 16 1993 ) was an American actor best known for his roles as the original Zefram Cochrane the inventor of warp drive on the original Star Trek series and on CBS's adventure drama Route 66 .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	United States	Major League Baseball	Nomo announced his retirement in the United States on Thursday bringing an end to an illustrious Major League Baseball career that began in 1995 .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Wirreanda High School	South Australia	Wirreanda High School is a Government of South Australia public High School in Morphett Vale Adelaide South Australia .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Mitch McConnell	Kentucky	We 've had some real accomplishments this week some genuine results achieved through cooperation said Sen. Mitch McConnell of Kentucky the Republican leader not one to offer much praise for the productivity of the current Congress .
org:founded_by(e1,e2)	RIM	Mike Lazaridis	RIM founder and co-chief executive Mike Lazaridis told The New York Times on Wednesday that allowing governments to monitor messages on the BlackBerry networks would imperil the firm's relationships with customers including major corporations and law enforcement agencies .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Xiao Yang	Supreme People's Court	Xiao Yang president of the Supreme People's Court of China or Chinese chief justice on Thursday met with a Russian judicial delegation .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e2,e1)	Quebec	Jacques Parizeau	It notably featured columns from filmmaker activist and intellectual Pierre Falardeau and the former sovereigntist Premier of Quebec Jacques Parizeau .
no_relation	Campbell Soup Company	PepsiCo	The other companies involved are Cadbury Adams USA Campbell Soup Company General Mills Inc. Kellogg Co. Kraft Foods Inc. Mars Inc. McDonald's USA PepsiCo Inc. and Unilever .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Ben Cardin	Maryland	I think you 'll find the courts are going to become more involved Democratic Sen. Ben Cardin of Maryland a lawyer who is on the Senate Judiciary Committee said in an interview after the court decision Friday .
per:spouse(e1,e2)	Kelly Ripa	Mark Consuelos	Guests on the show which began in mid-July have included some of the most controversial Real Housewives as well as celebrities Sarah Jessica Parker Kelly Ripa and Mark Consuelos and Levi Johnston ( Bristol Palin's baby daddy ) who admitted to Cohen last week he 'd pose nude for the right price .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	Vertu	Nokia	As you may know already Vertu is the luxury brand of Nokia and is specialized in creating very expensive phones .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	State Peace and Development Council	Maung Aye	The state funeral which took place at the Mingaladon War Cemetery was attended by Chairman of the State Peace and Development Council ( SPDC ) Senior-General Than Shwe SPDC Vice - Chairman Vice Senior-General Maung Aye SPDC Member General Thura Shwe Mann and Acting Prime Minister and SPDC First Secretary Lieutenant-General Thein Sein .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Andrew Bonar Law	United Kingdom	He often worked closely with Andrew Bonar Law another native of New Brunswick the only Canadian to be Prime Minister of the United Kingdom .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	Linksys	Cisco Systems	Linksys is a brand of home and small office networking products and a company founded in 1988 which was acquired by Cisco Systems in 2003 .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	Allard	Loveland	Allard a Loveland Republican favors expediting federal programs to set the stage for oil-shale development in Colorado as one way to increase domestic supplies .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Bank of Canada	Canada	The Weyburn Security Bank Building ( also referred to as the Imperial Bank of Canada Building ) is located at 76 - 3rd Street in Weyburn Saskatchewan Canada and is a two-storey building with a glazed terracotta .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	his	England	Having already made his mark in bodybuilding Hackenschmidt caused the major surge in the popularity of wrestling in England and he was considered unbeatable .
org:members(e1,e2)	Interior	Stanley K. Hathaway	The program which was named in honor of former Wyoming Governor and U.S. Secretary of the Interior Stanley K. Hathaway consists of four separate merit scholarships each with specific eligibility requirements and a need-based scholarship for eligible students which supplements the merit awards .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Abkhazia	Tsugba	On Wednesday Abkhazia 's parliament will consider an independence appeal to the Russian leadership by the region's leader Sergei Bagapsh Tsugba said .
org:top_members/employees(e2,e1)	Mikhail Fridman	Alfa Group	BP and its Russian partners -- Mikhail Fridman 's Alfa Group Len Blavatnik's Access Industries and Viktor Vekselberg's Renova Group -- have been engaged in an acrimonious and public conflict over their joint venture which celebrates its five-year anniversary in August .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Middlebury College	Middlebury	Middlebury College Rugby Club is the Division I-AA rugby union team of Middlebury College located in Middlebury Vermont .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Levi Stubbs	Motown	MUSIC-LEVI STUBBS -- Levi Stubbs whose impassioned baritone was one of the most iconic voices to come out of Motown Records died this morning at his Detroit home .
per:country_of_birth(e1,e2)	Sanya Dharmasakti	Thailand	Sanya Dharmasakti was born on Friday the 5th of April 1907 in Thonburi province in central Thailand .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Ho Chi Minh	Vietnam	is an urban district of Ho Chi Minh City Vietnam and is known as a large inner city of migrant workers .
no_relation	1962	CBS	He produced and directed what ultimately became known as Douglas Edwards With the News from 1949 to 1962 and was executive producer the first year of the ensuing CBS Evening News With Walter Cronkite during which the traditional 15-minute news broadcast was expanded to 30 minutes .
per:title(e2,e1)	President	Bachelet	In Chile half the Cabinet appointed by President Bachelet consisted of women and in countries such as Colombia Ecuador and Mexico women have moved on from the softer Cabinet portfolios such as Health and Education to the harder ones as Defence and Foreign Affairs .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	He	Uppsala University	He first appears by name as a lecturer in astronomy at Uppsala University where between 1508 and 1509 he conducted a series of lectures .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Hindustan Aeronautics Limited	Bangalore	The trials of the chopper manufactured by Hindustan Aeronautics Limited Bangalore were carried out by Commanding Officer of Chandigarh-based Dhruv squadron for over a six-month - period under various weather conditions .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	to Macedon	nd Lazar	?ento and partly Brashnarov clashed with Svetozar Vukmanovi?-Tempo Josip Broz Tito envoy to Macedon ia a nd Lazar ki the leader of the Communist Party of Macedonia .
no_relation	Hunter	London	Mott the Hoople ( featuring Allen Hunter Ralphs Watts ) will play the The O2 Arena in London on 18 November 2013 and further dates in Manchester Birmingham Glasgow and Newcastle have also been confirmed .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Kenya	Jomo Kenyatta	The President also named Uhuru Kenyatta son of Kenya 's founding father Jomo Kenyatta and former vice president Musalia Mudavadi as two deputy premiers .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Texas	H-E-B	In 2010 Buckley was a finalist in the Best in Texas Education award from H-E-B Foods .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	University of Aberdeen	Scotland	Benedict Jones lead author of the study and a professor at the University of Aberdeen in Scotland suggests that the male need for clarity is a residual evolutionary trait .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Rugova	Kosovo	President Sejdiu succeeded Rugova and became the first president of Kosovo when it declared independence from Serbia on 17 February 2008 .
org:founded_by(e1,e2)	Gristedes	Diedrich	Gristedes was founded in 1888 by brothers Diedrich and Charles Gristede .
per:origin(e2,e1)	Uruguayan	Torres	Manolita ( 1883 1994 ) was a Uruguayan painter and wife of Torres .
per:alternate_names(e2,e1)	Sierra Leone	Solomon Berewa	In the second round of the 2007 Sierra Leone presidential election the incumbent vice president of Sierra Leone Solomon Berewa and candidate of the then ruling Sierra Leone People's Party ( SLPP ) party got 11 % of the vote in Bombali District while the leader of the main opposition party and current president of Sierra Leone Ernest Bai Koroma of the All People's Congress ( APC ) got 89 % of the vote in the second round in the district .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Bison B.C.	British Columbia	Bison B.C. is a heavy metal band from Vancouver British Columbia Canada .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Ma Ying-jeou	Kuomintang	Hong Kong is hoping to benefit from the easing of cross-Strait relations after Ma Ying-jeou of the Beijing-friendly Kuomintang was elected Taiwan's president earlier this year .
org:founded(e1,e2)	Celtel	1998	It was founded by Dr. Mo Ibrahim a Sudanese philanthropist and businessman who founded telecommunications company Celtel International in 1998 .
org:founded(e2,e1)	1949	college	Founded in November 1949 the college is still carrying on with its reputation and quality and is one of the best educational institutions in Bangladesh by the official ranking .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Runa Laila	Bangladesh	From the Sub Continent : Runa Laila from Bangladesh Ghulam Ali from Pakistan and Sushil Chetri Malini Manandhar from Nepal .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Turkey	Turksat	Turkey 's new generation communication satellite Turksat 3A was launched from French Guianato to replace former satellite Turksat IC .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Mauritania	Ely Ould Mohamed Vall	Mauritania has been ruled since August 2005 by junta leader Col. Ely Ould Mohamed Vall who led a bloodless coup that ousted ex - president Maaoya Sid ' Ahmed Ould Taya and ended a 21-year dictatorship .
no_relation	Japan	Misia	In an interview with OCN's Talking Japan Misia explained the theme of the lyrics The song is for all the girls who have ever had to choose between either love or work .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Afghanistan	Mohammad Najibullah	The rebel groups were fighting to force the Soviet Union to withdraw from Afghanistan as well as to remove the Soviet-backed government of President Mohammad Najibullah .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Cameroon	Paul Biya	The Head of state of The republic of Cameroon are Mbida Prime Minister of eastern Cameroon between 1957 and 1958 Ahmadou Ahidjo President of the federal Republic of Cameroon 1960-1972 and Paul Biya 1982-present President of the Republic of Cameroon .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Ruth Hassell-Thompson	New York	Openly gay NY Sen. Thomas Duane expresses his thanks to Sen. Ruth Hassell-Thompson after her touching speech about her gay brother during her unexpected yes vote on marriage equality in the New York Senate today .
no_relation	Swansea Metropolitan University	University of Wales	In October 2011 the university made the decision to adopt a new academic strategy and to withdraw its current validation model in response to changes in higher education in Wales including the university's merger with Swansea Metropolitan University and the University of Wales : Trinity Saint David .
org:alternate_names(e2,e1)	Incheon	University of Incheon	Incheon Technical College founded Promoted to a comprehensive university Renamed University of Incheon a city council funded university 2009 Feb Opening of Incheon Institute for Korean Language Studies 2009 July Construction of Songdo campus ( Main Campus ) complete Merged with Incheon City College : new departments opened with larger student capacities and new Campus opened the Jemulpo Campus ( Previous Campus in Dohwa is Changed Jemulpo Campus ) UI relocated from Dohwa-dong in Namgu to new location in 2009 .
no_relation	2007	Scarborough F.C.	He later coached at the club and ran the club's Centre of Excellence and Football in the Community sections until the club's demise in 2007 whereupon he moved the youth system community section and Under-19 team of Scarborough F.C. to George Pindar Community Sports College on the outskirts of town .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Papua New Guinea	Air Niugini	During the 1970s Australia's two domestic airlines Trans Australia Airlines and Ansett provided regular scheduled services to most Australian capital cities and also Papua New Guinea while in 1975 Air Niugini became the first international airline to commence flights out of Cairns to Port Moresby in Papua New Guinea .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Republican	Eisenhower	Bermingham was a member of the financial committee of the Republican National Committee and instrumental in Eisenhower 's nomination .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Daniel	Audiogram	Chic de ville is the seventh studio album by Canadian rock musician Daniel released March 5 2013 on Audiogram .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Utvikling	night	Utvikling also started building a cruise ship terminal at night so tourists could walk ashore and directly to the trains .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	Ludlam	New York	Ludlam joined John Vaccaro's Play-House of the Ridiculous and after a falling out became founder of the Ridiculous Theatrical Company in New York City in 1967 .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Canada	Jean	The Secretary of State for Western Economic Diversification is a former federal government position in Canada introduced by Prime Minister Jean in 1996 .
per:title(e2,e1)	President	Daniel Ortega	During a speech at the American-Nicaraguan Chamber of Commerce ( AMCHAM ) last week Callahan criticized the ruling of the Supreme Court in favor of the appeal allowing Nicaraguan President Daniel Ortega to seek reelection .
org:city_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Bristol	Bristol Broadcasting Company	WVSR is owned by Bristol Virginia-based Bristol Broadcasting Company along with twin stations Electric 94.9 in Greeneville Tennessee and Electric 96.9 in Paducah Kentucky .
org:founded(e1,e2)	Illinois Zephyr	1971	The Illinois Zephyr running since 1971 is a 258-mile ( 415 km ) passenger train operated by Amtrak that runs between Chicago and Quincy Illinois .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Yes	Rick Wakeman	Another little known fact is that Yes member Rick Wakeman played piano on the session for this single .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Nepal	Prachanda	The report quoted Koirala as saying that if needed his party would also pressurize the Communist Party of Nepal ( Maoist ) ( CPN-M ) who is leading the ruling coalition government with its chairman Prachanda as the prime minister .
no_relation	Hugh O'Brian	United States	Kaplan obtained over two dozen scholarships totaling $ from programs including the Coca-Cola Scholars Foundation the Hugh O'Brian Youth Leadership Foundation and the United States Senate Youth Program .
org:members(e2,e1)	UMass Minutemen	Division I	The 2008 UMass Minutemen football team represented the University of Massachusetts Amherst in the 2008 NCAA Division I FCS football season as a member of the Colonial Athletic Association .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	AGF	France	Through his career he represented a number of clubs including Danish teams Vejle BK Aalborg BK and AGF Aarhus FC Nantes in France and Borussia in Germany .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	Thomas J. Whelan	Jersey City	In 1971 Mayor Thomas J. Whelan of Jersey City was convicted of collecting millions in kickbacks from companies doing business with Jersey City and Hudson County .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e2,e1)	Connecticut	Abraham A. Ribicoff	He accepted the congratulations of Ohio governor Michael DiSalle Connecticut governor Abraham A. Ribicoff Chicago mayor Richard J. Daley and New York mayor Robert F. Wagner Jr. .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Cyrus	Tennessee	Cyrus grew up on a farm in Franklin Tennessee a suburb of Nashville and attended Heritage Elementary School .
org:alternate_names(e2,e1)	Nagano	Shinshu University	While still a student at Nagano Normal School ( now Shinshu University ) he taught himself the basics of traditional Japanese poetry by studying the ancient Japanese literature classics such as the Man ' ysh and Kokinsh When he began writing his own poetry he was able to get it published in the prestigious literary journal Bungakukai which was enough to make him realize that life as a professional poet was unrealistic .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Carrefour	France	In addition to Carrefour stores and other real-estate in France Italy and Spain the division is to own property in Turkey Greece and Poland board president Jose Luis Duran told a telephone press conference .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Peter Cetera	Chicago	Wishing You Were Here is a song written by Peter Cetera for the group Chicago and recorded for their album Chicago VII ( 1974 ) with lead vocals by Terry Kath ( uncredited on the original album package ) while Cetera sang the song's bridge .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e2,e1)	Florida	Mel Martinez	In the 2006 election the Latin American vote aided tremendously in the election of Florida Senator Mel Martinez although in the 2004 presidential election about 44 % of Latin Americans voted for Republican President George W. Bush .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	Brazilian Navy	Brazilian Naval Aviation	The Brazilian Armed Forces ( ) is the unified military organization comprising the Brazilian Army ( including the Brazilian Army Aviation ) the Brazilian Navy ( including the Brazilian Marine Corps and Brazilian Naval Aviation ) and the Brazilian Air Force .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Ontario	Wilfrid Laurier	Waterloo Ontario : Wilfrid Laurier University Press 1979 .
org:top_members/employees(e1,e2)	Boston College	William P. Leahy	Bamford also recently visited Boston College 's president the Rev. William P. Leahy said Kevin Shea Leahy's executive assistant .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	US Airways	Arizona	US Airways Group Inc. is an airline holding company based in Tempe Arizona .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	Louisiana State University	LSU Tigers	He served as the head coach at Louisiana State University for two seasons from 1894 to 1895 the second and third seasons in the LSU Tigers football program's existence compiling a record is 5 1 .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Mitch McConnell	Kentucky	Senators Mitch McConnell ( Republican of Kentucky ) and Robert Byrd ( Democrat of West Virginia ) both from coal mining states used their influence as two of the Senate's most senior members to block this proposal .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Equity	Johnson	The album was originally scheduled to be released in the United States in mid-2007 by Equity Music Group but was delayed and Johnson exited Equity in 2008 .
per:spouse(e2,e1)	Peter Jackson	Fran Walsh	The Frighteners is a 1996 comedy horror film directed by Peter Jackson and co-written with his wife Fran Walsh .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Josef Mikl	Austria	Josef Mikl whose abstract works went a long way toward rehabilitating Nazi-ravaged Austria's visual art scene has died the Austria Press Agency reported Friday quoting his widow .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Provisional Government	Ignacy Daszysk	After the collapse of Germany and Austria-Hungary at the end of World War I on 7 November 1918 Arciszewski was appointed the minister of labour and social affairs in the Provisional Government of the Polish Republic led by Ignacy Daszysk i .
org:alternate_names(e1,e2)	BMC	British Motor Holdings	The result was that although volumes held up well throughout the BMC era market share fell as did profitability and hence investment in new models triggering the 1966 merger with Jaguar Cars to form British Motor Holdings ( BMH ) and three years later leading to the government sponsored merger of BMH with Leyland Motor Corporation .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Boucher	Swan Districts Football Club	Boucher won the fairest and best award at Swan Districts Football Club in 1982 and was selected in the Swan Districts Team of the Century .
no_relation	Richie Hawtin	Plus	This emerging sound is thought to have been influenced by Dutch gabber and Belgian hardcore ; styles that were in their own perverse way paying homage to Underground Resistance and Richie Hawtin 's Plus 8 Records .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Osmania University	Hyderabad	Bachelor of Science in Mathematics from Osmania University Hyderabad Post graduate Diploma in Computer Applications from InfoSoft .
per:cities_of_residence(e2,e1)	Baku	Ilham Aliyev	General agreement about holding of the World Economic Forum in Baku was signed on January 23 2013 in Swiss Davos during the meeting of Ilham Aliyev the President of Azerbaijani Republic and Klaus Schwab executive chairman of the World Economic Forum .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	University of Western Sydney	Australia	Tang BM Eslick GD Nowson C Smith C Bensoussan A. Centre for Complementary Medicine Research University of Western Sydney New South Wales Australia .
per:cities_of_residence(e2,e1)	Windsor	Scott D'Amore	She also began traveling to Windsor Ontario to train under TNA agent Scott D'Amore in between TNA TV tapings .
org:founded(e2,e1)	1832	Gettysburg College	In 1832 Old Dorm ( now Schmucker Hall ) was built and Pennsylvania College ( now Gettysburg College ) was started on the east side of the ridge .
org:alternate_names(e2,e1)	Third-Level Institute is	Tipperary Institute	The nearest Third-Level Institute is Tipperary Institute in Thurles .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Democratic Party	Albert Ho	But on Tuesday the Democratic Party 's chairman Albert Ho said the majority of its members now agreed that their nine lawmakers should support the revised plan which incorporates modifications put forward by the party .
per:country_of_birth(e1,e2)	Diana Hayden	India	Diana Hayden is a model and former Miss World of 1997 who was also the runner up for Miss India .
no_relation	Wicks	Tom Butcher	In November 2005 Digital Spy Kris Green reported that Wicks would be departing from Doctors alongside Tom Butcher .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	Scapegoat	Charlotte	Scapegoat is an American rock group formed in 1999 in Charlotte North Carolina and one of the first bands signed to Tragic Hero Records .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Health	Chua Soi Lek	Health Minister Chua Soi Lek has asked for more allocations for national stockpiles in order to meet the World Health Organisation's recommendation Abdul Latiff was quoted as saying by the Sunday Star newspaper .
no_relation	Elihu Root	State	Carnegie chose longtime adviser Elihu Root Senator from New York and former Secretary of War and of State to be the Endowment's first president .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Savoy	Hank Jones	Presenting Cannonball Adderley is the debut album by jazz saxophonist Cannonball Adderley released on the Savoy label featuring a quintet with Nat Adderley Hank Jones Paul Chambers and Kenny Clarke.Cannonball Adderley discography accessed 13 October 2009 The Allmusic review by Scott Yanow states Already at this early stage Adderley was a powerful player with a soulful sound that was almost distinctive .
org:members(e2,e1)	Alabama Crimson Tide	Division I	The Alabama Crimson Tide college football team competes as part of the National Collegiate Athletic Association ( NCAA ) Division I Football Bowl Subdivision ( FBS ) and represents the University of Alabama in the Western Division of the Southeastern Conference ( SEC ) .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	University of Mississippi	Oxford	University Mississippi is the official designated name for the area encompassing the University of Mississippi ( Ole Miss ) campus in Lafayette County Mississippi within the city of Oxford .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Harding University	AR	Saturday October 22 Host : Harding University ( Searcy AR ) Ouachita Baptist clinched the inaugural Great American Conference Championship by defeating Southeastern Oklahoma State with a final score of 21-18 .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Jimmy Little	Australia	Born ' Paul Blake Jenkins ' in Launceston Tasmania in 1957 now referred to by his stage name ' Pixie ' in an article in The Australian Pixie was referenced alongside Jimmy Little Chad Morgan and Slim Dusty as . . an icon of Australia 's country music industry .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Dubrovnik Airline	Croatia	Dubrovnik Airline Limited was a Croatian charter airline based in Dubrovnik Croatia .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	FactSet Research Systems	CT	FactSet Research Systems Inc. trading as FactSet is a multinational financial data and software company headquartered in Norwalk CT United States .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Tulane University	New Orleans	Ambassador Williamson holds a bachelors degree from Louisiana Tech University in Ruston LA and a law degree from Tulane University Law School in New Orleans .
per:title(e1,e2)	Danko	writer	Danko is the writer of Top Ten Strains of the Year every year since 2005 and also the creator and founder of the HIGH TIMES Seed Bank Hall of Fame.He is also credited with a highly popular instructional video on how to roll a joint .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Guy Verhofstadt	Belgium	The ALDE parliamentary group is led by Guy Verhofstadt a former Prime Minister of Belgium .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Chali 2na	Jurassic 5	The most famous of these was the rap and breakdancing costumed animals of We Know Something You Do Know featuring the vocals of Chali 2na and Akil of Jurassic 5 - played out by a shark and tiger respectively .
org:members(e2,e1)	CPSU	Comintern	The majority argued that the general line of the CPSU was correct and the opposition was offering constructive criticism of the Stalin leaderships mistakes in its application domestically within the Soviet Union and with regards to the relationship between the CPSU and the other parties in the Comintern .
org:founded_by(e2,e1)	Phyllis Schlafly	Eagle Forum	Founded in the US by Phyllis Schlafly in October 1972 STOP ERA now known as Eagle Forum lobbied successfully to block the passage of the Equal Rights Amendment in the USA .
org:alternate_names(e2,e1)	Kirklees	College	It should not be confused with Huddersfield Technical College which became Kirklees College in 2008 .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Abu Sayyaf	Jolo	Troops on Sunday took control of the Abu Sayyaf group's biggest camp on the island of Jolo following rounds of air strikes said Major General Benjamin Dolorfino head of military forces in the south .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	Northrop Grumman	Scaled Composites	On July 20 2007 Northrop Grumman became the sole owner of Burt Rutan's Scaled Composites .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Rubin	Treasury	Rubin 69 is a former secretary of the US Treasury .
no_relation	Something Corporate	California	Teaming up with Andrew McMahon of the bands Something Corporate and Jack's Mannequin the group recorded their full-length debut Sweet Dreams Sucker in Burbank California which was released on McMahon's label on September 25 2007 .
per:country_of_birth(e1,e2)	he	Mexico	he was born in Matamoros Tamaulipas Mexico .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Alfred State College	Alfred	Hot Dog Day which is organized primarily by students from Alfred University and Alfred State College raises money for local charities and community organizations such as Alfred 's fire department and Montessori school .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Neves	New Republic	Neves ' election to succeed general Figueiredo the last of the military hand-picked Presidents was hailed as the dawn of a New Republic ( Nova ) and that term that contrasts with the term Velha ( or Old Republic the name of the first epoch of the Brazilian Republic that lasted from 1889 until 1930 ) became synonym with the contemporary phase of the Brazilian Republic that is with the political institutions established in the wake of the country's re-democratization .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Arthur Eve	New York	By the mid-1990s two Grassroots members were part of the City Council and Peoples had nearly defeated Arthur Eve the longest-serving member of the New York State Assembly .
per:title(e1,e2)	Leahy	attorney	At the time Leahy was the state's attorney for Chittenden County .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	United States	William Howard Taft	United States Supreme Court Chief Justice William Howard Taft stated in the opinion in Balzac v. People of Porto Rico 258 U.S. 298 312 ( 1922 ) that : .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Frank Bainimarama	Fiji	Kean whose brother-in-law Commodore Frank Bainimarama is the Commander of the Republic of Fiji Military Forces and was Interim Prime Minister at the time of these events was arrested on 6 January 2006 and charged with the murder of salesman John Whippy at the Royal Suva Yacht Club after a wedding reception for Whippy's nephew Samuel Whippy and his bride Ateca Bainimarama the Prime Minister's daughter on 31 December 2006 the Fiji Sun reported .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Vietnam	Ho Chi Minh	On Sunday a Vietnamese man was detained after hoaxing to have two grenades in his luggage before his departure from Vietnam 's southern Ba Ria Vung Tau province to southern Ho Chi Minh City .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Smith	South Africa	Pik Botha the former South African Foreign Minister said that Smith could have won an election in South Africa in 1976 while Pretoria was secretly forcing him to accept black rule .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Buffalo Airways	Northwest Territories	Ice Pilots NWT ( known in the UK and the US as Ice PilotsIce Pilots at Quest TV ) is a reality television series broadcast on History Canada that portrays Buffalo Airways an airline based in Yellowknife Northwest Territories Canada .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Benazir Bhutto	Pakistan	The assassinated Pakistani opposition leader Benazir Bhutto 's son Bilawal was appointed on Sunday chairman of the Pakistan People's Party ( PPP ) and Bhutto's husband Asif Ali Zardari was named co - chairman local TV channel DAWN NEWS reported .
org:members(e2,e1)	DMX	Ruff Ryders Entertainment	. . And Then There Was X is the third album by American rapper DMX released December 21 1999 on Ruff Ryders Entertainment and Def Jam Recordings .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Khan	England	Khan won a rematch in May 2005 in his hometown of Bolton England in the Cuban boxer's final bout .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Woodrow Wilson	Princeton University	One of them was Woodrow Wilson -- after all the presidency of Princeton University was a position of rare prominence for a Democrat in those days .
no_relation	Coach USA	Megabus	The Philadelphia line is under a split-operation with its sister-company Eastern Travel with most runs operating out of Coach USA 's Philadelphia facility and Megabus acts solely as a ticket agent for Academy Bus Lines ( utilizing its own fleet ) .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	ESA	Italy	ESA Columbus module Western Europe primary scientific lab on board the ISS was again built in Turin based on Italy previous experience in space station module construction .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	ELAC	Monterey Park	ELAC is in the southern area of Monterey Park which is primarily populated by second-generation Mexicans and other Hispanics .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Von Erich	Texas	The event was held close to the Von Erich 's home at the Toyota Center in Houston Texas on April 4 2009 .
org:top_members/employees(e2,e1)	Lewis H. Brereton	Ninth Air Force	To control them Major General Lewis H. Brereton 's Ninth Air Force activated the IX Troop Carrier Command in October 1943 under Brigadier General Benjamin F. Giles .
org:alternate_names(e2,e1)	LAB	Flying Service	In July 2008 Alaska Public Media reported that the FAA had grounded LAB's entire fleet because in their words LAB Flying Service lacks the care judgment and responsibility required to hold an air carrier certificate .
per:title(e2,e1)	Director	Peter Jackson	Director Peter Jackson inspired by the original King Kong and Ray Harryhausen films remade King Kong in 2005 which was both a critical and commercial success .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	France	Yasser Arafat	France agrees to accept Yasser Arafat for hospital treatment - official .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Costas Simitis	Greece	The audit concluded that the PASOK administration and prime minister Costas Simitis had falsified Greece 's macroeconomic statistics on the basis of which the European institutions accepted Greece to join the Eurozone .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Max Baucus	Montana	Democratic Sen. Max Baucus of Montana said his investigation would examine whether Transocean has exploited U.S. tax laws .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	his	Secret Sun	The band released two more albums on Verve Records and Harris later recorded three solo albums Mineral Feel and Watching the Sky on his own label Secret Sun Recordings .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Philadelphia High School for Creative and Performing Arts	Philadelphia	The Philadelphia High School for Creative and Performing Arts is a magnet school in South Philadelphia Philadelphia Pennsylvania .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Chester College of New England	Chester New Hampshire	Having helped to establish a creative writing program at Chester College of New England a renowned liberal arts college located in Chester New Hampshire Crouse returned to the University of Alaska Fairbanks which awarded him his MFA in Creative Writing in 1996 .
org:alternate_names(e1,e2)	Liberty University	Lynchburg Baptist College	Liberty University which Rev. Falwell founded as Lynchburg Baptist College in 1971 has students enrolled the school's website said .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Helpmekaar Kollege	Johannesburg	Kloppers graduated from Helpmekaar Kollege an IEB school in Johannesburg .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	George Canning	Exchequer	He was the third and youngest son of the noted politician George Canning Foreign Secretary from 1807 to 1809 and from 1822 to 1827 and Chancellor of the Exchequer and Prime Minister of the United Kingdom in 1827 .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	New South Wales	Reid	Prior to participating in federal politics prime ministers had been elected to the state Parliaments of New South Wales ( Barton Watson Reid Cook Hughes ) Queensland ( Fisher Fadden Forde ) Victoria ( Deakin Menzies ) and Tasmania ( Lyons ) .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Massachusetts Institute of Technology	Cambridge	Zulkader is also an education counselor for new undergraduate applicants to Massachusetts Institute of Technology Cambridge MA USA .
per:cities_of_residence(e2,e1)	Kfarshima	Majida	They got married in Egypt and lived in Kfarshima and had three girls Maha Mona and Majida and a boy Awad .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Health and Human Services	Tommy Thompson	In a letter to Health and Human Services Secretary Tommy Thompson Grassley questioned the NIH's uses of taxpayer money saying it was unacceptable for the NIH to come rattling a tin cup asking for more money when it was forcing taxpayers to pay for full-time novelists .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Florida Southern College	Lakeland	He attended Martin County High School in Stuart Florida and Florida Southern College in Lakeland .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Gorbachev	Communist Party	The Estonian Popular Front was founded in April 1988 On June 16 1988 Gorbachev replaced Karl Vaino the ' old guard ' leader of the Communist Party of Estonia with the relatively liberal Vaino the Soviet ambassador to Nicaragua .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	England	Edgar the Peaceful	Though the monarchal title became defunct it was succeeded by the creation of the Earl of York title of nobility by king of England Edgar the Peaceful in 960 .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Salmon P. Chase	Treasury	Dudley Chase was an uncle of Salmon P. Chase ( Treasury Secretary 1861 1864 and Chief Justice of the United States 1864 1873 ) and Dudley Chase Denison ( a U.S. Representative from Vermont ) .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Middlesboro High School	Kentucky	Middlesboro High School is a public high school in Middlesboro Kentucky United States .
per:alternate_names(e1,e2)	Dennis Knight	Mideon	Dennis Knight ( born December 26 1968 ) is a retired American professional wrestler best known for his appearances with World Wrestling Entertainment as Phineas I. Godwinn and Mideon .
per:title(e2,e1)	singer	Namie Amuro	In 1999 Austin and Japanese pop singer Namie Amuro began a professional relationship in which he produced many of her songs until present .
per:spouse(e1,e2)	Jovovich	Shawn Andrews	Jovovich 31 was previously married to actor Shawn Andrews and French filmmaker Luc Besson who directed her in The Fifth Element .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Bolivia	Evo Morales	A majority in Bolivia 's Constituent Assembly packed with supporters of leftist President Evo Morales Sunday approved a new constitution that would broaden presidential powers .
org:members(e2,e1)	Illinois Railway Museum	Union Illinois	It is owned by the Illinois Railway Museum in Union Illinois .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	GKN	UK	This was part of a larger trend for GKN which during this period under its Managing Director Raymond Brookes was working to reduce its dependence on UK auto-maker customers at a time when the domestic industry was seen to be stumbling in response to bewildering Government interference and fiscal short-sightedness with British new car registrations in the first four months of 1969 a massive 33 % down on the corresponding period of the previous year .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Fischer	Munich	As he was under-worked with acting alone Fischer also worked as a film critic for the Munich Abendzeitung .
no_relation	Fatherland for All	Spanish	The left-wing Fatherland for All ( Spanish : Patria Para Todos or PPT ) Movement for Socialism ( Spanish : Movimiento al Socialismo or MAS ) Radical Cause ( Spanish : Causa R ) and For Social Democracy ( Spanish : Por la Democracia Social ) initially supported chavismo but they have since distanced themselves from it and now oppose it .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	His	Eskaton	His first three solo releases came out via the Coil label Eskaton .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	University of Calicut	Vidya Academy of Science and Technology	Colleges for engineering law veterinary ayurveda science arts and commerce degrees are typically affiliated with the University of Calicut like Government Engineering College Thrissur Vidya Academy of Science and Technology IES College of Engineering St. Mary's College Thrissur St. Thomas College Thrissur Sree Kerala Varma College Sri C. Achutha Menon Government College St. Aloysius College Thrissur Kerala Veterinary College Mannuthy Vaidyaratnam Ayurveda College Vimala College Government Law College Thrissur College of Fine Arts Thrissur and College of Horticulture .
no_relation	Ryti	Finland	Ryti and Mannerheim considered the battalion necessary to reinforce German support of Finland thence the nickname Panttipataljoona ( Pawn battalion ) and the negotiations were concluded on April 28 with the Finnish conditions that Government Civil Guards or Armed Forces would not enlist and that all military personnel wishing to participate must first take their leave of the Finnish army .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Paul-Henri Spaak	Belgium	On 4 April 1955 he sent a memorandum to his BeNeLux colleagues Paul-Henri Spaak ( Belgium ) and Joseph Bech ( Luxembourg ) in which he proposed his idea of a customs union .
org:top_members/employees(e2,e1)	Professor	Punjabi University	In an exclusive interview Dr Kirpal Singh former Professor and Head of the Department Punjab Historical Studies Punjabi University Patiala told TNS today that he had interviewed Lord Ismay on August 17 1964 at his residence in England .
org:top_members/employees(e2,e1)	Peter G. Peterson	its	Stephen Schwarzman and Peter G. Peterson who started Blackstone took home $ 2.56 billion ( euro1 .88 billion ) in the much-hyped public offering of its management partnership .
org:founded(e1,e2)	Grupo Continental	1964	Burton Edward Grossman ( died November 12 1999 ) was a Mexican-American international businessman health and education promoter who served as chairman and CEO of Grupo Continental a holding company established in Tampico Tamaulipas Mexico in 1964 that owns and operates 46 corporations dealing with soft drinks sugar refining mineral water cooling systems plastics an mainly bottling factories for The Coca-Cola Company in Mexico .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	Moray House School of Education	University of Edinburgh	He finished his education at Moray House College of Education ( now the Moray House School of Education on Holyrood Road at the University of Edinburgh ) in Edinburgh in 1978 .
org:founded(e1,e2)	Beverley Grammar School	700	He attended Beverley Grammar School an old foundation claiming to date from the year 700 .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	RCA	he	When Nelson was released from his RCA contract he signed with Atlantic for US$ per year becoming the label's first country artist .
org:founded(e2,e1)	1897	United States Copyright Office	Thorvald Solberg ( April 22 1852 - July 15 1949 ) was the first Register of Copyrights ( 1897 1930 ) in the United States Copyright Office .
org:top_members/employees(e2,e1)	lieutenant	Northamptonshire Regiment	On 30 March 1881 he was appointed a second lieutenant in the Northampton and Rutland Militia ( later the 3rd Battn The Northamptonshire Regiment ) .
no_relation	Walt Disney	1922	Also featured in the film evening will be a 65 minute version of Snow White starrring Marguerite Clark from 1916 - which Walt Disney declared as the inspiration for his 1937 classic - as well as a rare Walt Disney drawn depiction of Little Red Riding Hood from 1922 Death's Marathon a 12 minute silent drama from 1912 and a hand coloured 1908 pantomime of Aladdin And His Wonderful Lamp .
per:title(e2,e1)	Emperor	Justin I	He went to Constantinople where he was received by Emperor Justin I baptized as a Christian and wedded to a noble wife Valeriana .
no_relation	King	The Coasters	Throughout the 50s and into the 60s he backed a wide variety of artists including artists such as Varetta Dillard LaVern Baker Ruth Brown Ray Charles Al Hibbler Big Joe Turner Nappy Brown Linda Hopkins Mickey Guitar Baker Chuck Willis Ben E. King and Pat Thomas doo-wop groups such as The Roamers The Dreams and The Coasters and jazz artists such as Johnny Hodges Woody Herman Lawrence Brown Bud Powell .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	VICA	San Fernando Valley	Since 1949 VICA has served as the San Fernando Valley 's leading voice on business issues through advocacy efforts at all levels of government .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	STX	STX Corporation	STX Europe AS formerly Aker Yards ASA a subsidiary of the South Korean industrial chaebol STX Corporation is the largest shipbuilding group in Europe and the fourth largest in the world .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	Brooks	Queens	Brooks Sadeke ( 2009 ) Grammy Nods Burning Spear optimistic Jamaica Gleaner 1 February 2009 retrieved 20 September 2009 Since the mid-1990s he has been based in Queens New York .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Lorne Calvert	Saskatchewan	Lorne Calvert Premier of Saskatchewan and leader of the New Democratic Party ( NDP ) advised the Lieutenant Governor of Saskatchewan to call an election for November 7 2007 .
org:top_members/employees(e2,e1)	Yusuf Bey	Your Black Muslim Bakery	Following the death of Yusuf Bey in 2003 Waajid Aliawaad Bey became CEO of Your Black Muslim Bakery .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Kansas City	Mark Funkhouser	We have spent and borrowed an enormous amount of money on this thing Kansas City Mayor Mark Funkhouser said .
per:country_of_birth(e1,e2)	William Howard Taft	United States	His son William Howard Taft was the 27th President of the United States and was a member of Yale's Skull and Bones like his founder father ; another son Charles Phelps Taft supported the founding of Wolf's Head Society at Yale ; both his grandson and great-grandson Robert A. Taft I ( also Skull and Bones ) and Robert Taft Jr. were U.S. Senators ; his great-great-grandson Robert A. Taft II was the Governor of Ohio from 1999 until 2007 .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	his	London	I 'm coming out here on my own so that you 'll realise I just want to start again Michael told reporters outside his north London home hours after his release from Highpoint Prison in Suffolk eastern England .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Ecuador	Rafael Correa	Colombia has decided to close its border with Ecuador in a sign of support for embattled Ecuadoran President Rafael Correa amid a coup attempt President Juan Manuel Santos said Thursday .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	His	Minnesota	His friends the Norths wrote from Minnesota in 1859 urging him to join them in Northfield which they had founded .
org:city_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Kutztown	Kutztown University	PSAC Players of the Year from Kutztown since 1985 : All players won their awards as members of the PSAC Eastern Division PSAC Coach of The Year ( Eastern Division ) from Kutztown ( since 1985 ) The Kutztown University field hockey team is led by head coach Betty Wesner who has served in that role since 1980 .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Interior	Wilhelm Frick	In 1933 Reich Interior Minister Wilhelm Frick established an expert advisory committee for population and racial policy which included Ploetz Fritz Lenz Ernst and Hans F.K. .
org:alternate_names(e2,e1)	U.S. Army Medical Research Institute of Infectious Diseases	USAMRIID	The U.S. Army Medical Research Institute of Infectious Diseases ( USAMRIID pronounced U-sam-rid ) is the U.S Army main institution and facility for defensive research into countermeasures against biological warfare .
org:founded_by(e1,e2)	Liberty Tax Service	John Hewitt	Block Inc. the country's biggest tax preparer may get a merger proposal from closely held Liberty Tax Service according to Liberty founder John Hewitt .
no_relation	Harkin	Iowa	She named JoDee Winterhof a former top adviser to Harkin as her Iowa state director on Friday .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Treasury	Robert Rubin	She went from the FCC to the Department of the Treasury where she was deputy chief of staff to Secretary of the Treasury Robert Rubin working on such issues as e-commerce and international trade .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Amarinder singh	Punjab	Former Royaty like Capt. Amarinder singh - Maharaja of Patiala Maharani Vasundhara Raje Sindhi of Dholpur even rose to post of Chief Ministers of Punjab and Rajasthan respectively till recently .
per:origin(e2,e1)	Japanese	Mamoru Oshii	Science fiction noir and animation are brought together in the Japanese films Ghost in the Shell ( 1995 ) and Ghost in the Shell 2 : Innocence ( 2004 ) both directed by Mamoru Oshii and the short A Detective Story ( 2003 ) set in the Matrix universe .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Chile	Federico Echaurren	The ship hosted a meeting between the President of Chile Federico Echaurren and the Argentine President Julio Argentino Roca at Punta Arenas on 15 Gebruary 1899 to normalise relations between the two countries .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Nigeria	Sani Abacha	Samson Emeka Omeruah ( 14 August 1943 in Zaria Northern Nigeria 4 December 2006 ) was a retired air commodore of the Nigerian Air Force a former governor of Anambra State and a former three-time Minister for Information Youth Sport and Culture in Nigeria during the regimes of Buhari Sani Abacha and Abdulsalam Abubakar .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	Medior	AOL	In 1995 Medior was acquired by AOL .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Warrington College of Business Administration	Florida	Hosting the program are the UF Office of Sustainability the Warrington College of Business Administration the Council for Sustainable Florida and ACCENT .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	UTSA	Texas	Prior to her UTSA professorship Cantu taught in Laredo at Texas International University .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	Company	Avro	In mid-2005 with the completion of the last shipset of Boeing 717 wings The Boeing Company discontinued its operations at the former Avro plant.Lombardi Mike and Larry Merritt .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Shaw	Georgia	Shaw won a spot in a gospel musical at Georgia State University and in 1998 he dropped out of college to take part in Tyler Perry's play I Know I 've Been Changed .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	He	Baltimore	He serves as the Vice Chairman of the Baltimore City Delegation and is the former Vice President of the Legislative Black Caucus of Maryland Foundation ( 2004 2006 ) and a member of the Legislative Black Caucus of Maryland.http : / / www.msa.md.gov/msa/mdmanual/06hse/html/msa14009 .
per:alternate_names(e1,e2)	John Hennigan	John Morrison	The 28-year-old diva had dated the former Johnny Nitro ( John Hennigan ) -- now John Morrison -- since joining WWE .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	He	Knoxville	He left that station for rival WROL where he helped start Knoxville 's first country music television show ( on WROL-TV ) Country Playhouse that premiered in 1952 and ran until 1958 .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Sony	George Michael	The deal between Sony Corp. and Bertelsmann Music Group formed the world's second-largest record label and brought artists like Shakira George Michael Avril Lavigne and Elvis Presley under one roof .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Quebec	Paul	It was named after former Quebec Premier Paul who led the province for 100 days in 1959 after the death of Maurice Duplessis until his own death .
per:title(e1,e2)	Cetera	drummer	He would later join Cetera 's former band Chicago replacing original drummer Danny Seraphine .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Bob Dylan	Columbia	Having been introduced by Cash to Bob Dylan DeVito helped in the process of returning Dylan to Columbia from Asylum Records in 1975 .
org:members(e1,e2)	Appalachian League	Elizabethton Twins	Tolleson batted .321 for the rookie Appalachian League Elizabethton Twins his first professional season to earn a promotion to the Beloit Snappers midway through the season .
org:alternate_names(e2,e1)	Pakistan	Army	However the offensive was poorly coordinated and the Pakistan Army suffered heavy casualties while public support for the attack quickly evaporated .
no_relation	Deutsche Telekom	AG	Germany's Deutsche Telekom AG said Thursday that its second-quarter profit rose 32 percent and the company confirmed its outlook for the rest of the year .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	NATO	Javier Solana	Larijani had said that he expected some negotiations with the West on the sidelines of the Munich meeting which would also been attended by Russian President Vladimir Putin U.S. Defense Secretary Robert Gates NATO Secretary General Jaap de Hoop Scheffer and EU chief diplomat Javier Solana .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Christofias	Cyprus	Christofias whose AKEL party grew out of Cyprus ' outlawed Communist Party in the 1940s enjoys close ties with the Turkish Cypriot left wing relations which have raised hopes for quickly restarting long-stalled negotiations with the breakaway Turkish Cypriot state .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Christopher Dodd	Connecticut	The measure could also serve as a vehicle for a plan by Sen. Christopher Dodd of Connecticut the Banking Committee chairman to have the Federal Housing Administration guarantee hundreds of billions of dollars worth of refinanced loans if lenders reduce loan amounts to reflect reduced home values .
no_relation	Jeep	Chrysler	Dodge Jeep Chrysler get makeover by refreshing redesigning or replacing every car and truck swapping out engines and creating vehicles people want .
org:founded_by(e2,e1)	Thomas Chalmers	Free Church of Scotland	He followed Thomas Chalmers at the time of the Disruption of 1843 to form the Free Church of Scotland .
org:alternate_names(e2,e1)	Design	CCAD	Reprints the original Sabrina comic strips that ran in the Columbus College of Art Design ( CCAD ) newsletter .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	I	Columbia	It was clear that I was being backed into a corner and it was just going to become harder so I asked them ( her label Columbia 's Nashville division ) to let me go .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Common Market for Eastern and Southern Africa	Southern Africa	The Common Market for Eastern and Southern Africa ( COMESA ) was established in December 1994 to replace the former Preferential Trade Area ( PTA ) for Eastern and Southern Africa which had existed from the earlier days of 1981 .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e2,e1)	Alabama	his	The album bears the name of the Alabama city where he was born and where he later completed his undergraduate degree at Tuskegee Institute .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Cappato	Italy	Cappato later told Italy 's Sky TG24 that he had been released .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Yuriy Yekhanurov	Ukraine	Yuriy Yekhanurov Ukraine 's Defense Minister and member of Yushchenko's Our Ukraine bloc said he and his political force would take all effort necessary to maintain the stability of the country .
per:title(e2,e1)	President	Mahmoud Abbas	Biden's visit Wednesday to the Palestinian territories includes meetings in Ramallah with Prime Minister Salam Fayyad and President Mahmoud Abbas .
per:alternate_names(e2,e1)	Otto	his	Despite the fact that his family was forbidden to enter Austria until Otto formally renounced his claim to the throne the president noted that his relationship with the republican government had developed well in the last decades .
no_relation	Tupac	Amaru	According to representatives for The Tupac Amaru Shakur Foundation ( TASF ) the first incident occurred early Saturday morning ( October 20 ) when vandals defaced the building and tied a noose around the neck of the statue of Shakur which is located in the center's Peace Garden .
org:founded_by(e1,e2)	Aspen MLT	Michael Turner	Aspen MLT is a California entertainment company founded by artist Michael Turner .
per:origin(e1,e2)	Mamoru Oshii	Japanese	The novel was adapted into an anime film directed by Mamoru Oshii which was released across Japanese theatres by Warner Bros .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Luxembourg	Jean-Claude Juncker	Luxembourg Prime Minister Jean-Claude Juncker said euro governments wanted to wait for new economy forecasts to confirm that the region was pulling out of a deep downturn .
per:country_of_birth(e2,e1)	United States	Abraham Lincoln	It shows events and conditions in the United States and around the world during the life of Abraham Lincoln covering politics business the arts and more .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	He	California	He lived in Berkeley California from 1955 to 1966 .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Susan Collins	Maine	Bass has supported occasional Republicans including Sens. Olympia J. Snowe and Susan Collins both of Maine and Sen. Jon Kyl of Arizona .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Rhode Island	1st Rhode Island Regiment	During the Battle of Rhode Island the 1st Rhode Island Regiment which comprised mostly African-American soldiers served in the army of General John Sullivan .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Republic	Yen Chia-kan	Most government documents in the Republic of China were written in Classical Chinese until reforms in the 1970s in a reform movement spearheaded by President Yen Chia-kan to shift the written style to vernacular Chinese .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Botswana	Ian Khama	GABORONE Botswana -- Seretse Khama Ian Khama inaugurated as Botswana's new president .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Sherrod Brown	Ohio	The letter which will be disclosed at a news conference Wednesday was also signed by Sens. Sherrod Brown of Ohio Robert Casey of Pennsylvania and Jon Tester of Montana .
org:founded_by(e2,e1)	Hayao Miyazaki	Studio Ghibli	is a 1997 Japanese animated epic historical fantasy film written and directed by Hayao Miyazaki animated by Studio Ghibli and produced by Toshio Suzuki .
per:cities_of_residence(e2,e1)	Calgary-East	Moe Amery	The first Calgary East was represented by Social Credit MLA Albert Ludwig and the second Calgary-East has solidly supported Progressive Conservative candidate Moe Amery .
no_relation	Prada	Milan	Italian luxury goods group Prada said Wednesday that it planned to be listed on the Milan stock market by the end of next year .
org:alternate_names(e2,e1)	Michigan College of Mining	Michigan Technological University	degree in geology from the Michigan College of Mining and Technology ( which later became the Michigan Technological University ) Houghton Michigan in 1951 and his M.Sc .
per:title(e1,e2)	he	Singer	At the awards he also won the award for Best Pop Singer for the album To Hrono Stamatao .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Mad	United States	Produced in collaboration with the Kennedy Space Center Visitor Complex and NASA Mad Mission to Mars was staged at its permanent home at the Kennedy Space Center in Cape Canaveral Florida United States where it premiered in 2001 through to 2009 as the feature family audience show offering .
org:alternate_names(e1,e2)	Pakistan International Airlines	PIA	But the group ended its ban on Pakistan International Airlines ( PIA ) and on Blue Wing Airlines of Surinam .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	The Oaks	Orlando	The Oaks ( sometimes stylised as The OaKs ) are an American rock band based out of Orlando Florida created by singer/songwriter/guitarist Ryan Costello and drummer/percussionist Matthew Antolick .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Bob Corker	Tennessee	We know how important is that her party participate we hope all parties participate otherwise it will be very difficult to put together . . a government that really serves the people said Sen. Bob Corker a Tennessee Republican .
per:title(e2,e1)	singer	Brett Anderson	In 2004 Butler healed his rift with former Suede singer Brett Anderson forming a new band The Tears .
org:members(e1,e2)	NYSE	Time Warner	In 2010 BanxCorp began antitrust legal proceedings against Dow Jones Company Inc. and Fox News Network LLC - both subsidiaries of the News Corp. ( NYSE : NWS ) ; The New York Times Company ( NYSE : NYT ) ; CNBC Inc. - a unit of General Electric's ( NYSE : GE ) NBC Universal ; CNN Cable News Network Inc. - a unit of Time Warner Inc. ( NYSE : TWX ) ; MSNBC Interactive News LLC - a joint venture of Microsoft Corp. ( NASDAQ : MSFT ) and NBC Universal ; AOL Inc. ( NYSE : AOL ) ; LendingTree LLC - a subsidiary of Tree.com Inc. ( Nasdaq : TREE ) ; and Move Inc. ( Nasdaq : MOVE ) operator of Realtor.com .
no_relation	President	Santos	After several deadlocked ballots at the Democratic National Convention and a rousing speech from Santos President Bartlet threw his support to Santos as did a key teachers ' union leader which secured the nomination for Santos with former White House Chief of Staff Leo McGarry as his running mate .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Indiana	Bayh	Coats retired in 1998 from the seat in Indiana now held by Bayh 10 years after Coats was appointed to the seat to replace Dan Quayle when he quit to become vice president under Bush's father George H.W. Bush .
org:founded(e2,e1)	2006	Frontier Airlines Holdings	On April 3 2006 Frontier created Frontier Airlines Holdings Inc. ( FRNT ) a holding company incorporated in Delaware to take advantage of favorable tax laws in that state .
org:top_members/employees(e2,e1)	Tsai Ing-wen	DPP	Tsai Ing-wen chairwoman of the DPP finally won the nomination .
org:members(e1,e2)	United States	934th Airlift Wing	Minneapolis St. Paul International Airport Air Reserve Base is home to the United States Air Force Reserve's 934th Airlift Wing ) 934 AW ) Flying Vikings who fly the C-130 Hercules aircraft .
per:country_of_birth(e1,e2)	Osho	India	Bhagawan Shri Rajneesh ( Osho ) was in India and because the Indians were against him he moved his headquarters to Oregon USA .
no_relation	Eminem	Web	The Slim Shady EP is a debut extended play by American rapper Eminem released in 1997 through the Detroit-based record label Web Entertainment .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Rutgers University	New Brunswick	The Rutgers University Geology Museum is a geology museum located on the College Avenue Campus next to Old Queens of Rutgers University in New Brunswick New Jersey .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Pakistan	Pervez Musharraf	Former Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif says he would not serve as premier under Pakistan 's President Gen. Pervez Musharraf .
org:founded(e1,e2)	Americas Society	1965	As of May 2007 he was among the Board of the Americas Society affiliate the Council of the Americas which was originally founded by David Rockefeller in 1965 .
org:top_members/employees(e1,e2)	Guardian Industries Corp.	William Davidson	WDI was created in 1992 when Guardian Industries Corp. made a 20-year financial commitment to establish an institute at the University of Michigan Business School and was named in honor of Guardian Industries ' chairman president and CEO William Davidson .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	He	east	He was the Conservative member of the Canadian House of Commons from the riding of east Alma from 2006 to 2011 ; earlier he was the Progressive Conservative MP from from 1984 to 1993 .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Health and Human Services	Thompson	The CDC is part of the Health and Human Services Department which Thompson headed in Bush ?s first term .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Blueys	Australia	Blueys is from the Melbourne Australia area with 13 postings since 2003 with free call and join a cricket group ( 9 posts total . ) .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Pakistan	Nawaz Sharif	ISLAMABAD Pakistan -- Former Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif arrives in Pakistan on his return from exile to lead a campaign to topple the country's U.S.-allied military ruler who ousted him in a military coup eight years ago .
per:origin(e1,e2)	Julie Payette	Canadian	Julie Payette OC CQ ( born October 20 1963 ) is a Canadian engineer and astronaut .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	South Africa	Mr. Smith	Second only to the apartheid rulers of South Africa Mr. Smith became a symbol both to black Africans and many others of iniquitous white rule .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	University of Wales	Swansea Metropolitan University	In February 2011 plans were announced to transform the University of Wales into a new super-university by merging the University of Wales Institute Cardiff Swansea Metropolitan University and Trinity Saint David .
per:country_of_birth(e1,e2)	Steadman	England	Steadman was born in Liverpool Merseyside England the youngest of three sisters the daughter of Marjorie ( Evans ) who died of cancer and George Percival Steadman who worked for Plessey an electronics firm as a production controller .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	High Council	Abdel Aziz	According to an official statement released on 7 August Abdallahi's powers were terminated and Mauritania would be governed on a transitional basis by an 11-member High Council of State with Abdel Aziz as the President of the Council until a new presidential election was held as soon as possible .
org:top_members/employees(e1,e2)	Uniqlo	Tadashi Yanai	But ( the Uniqlo flagship store in ) New York is going well and there is enormous potential in the US chairman and chief executive Tadashi Yanai told the Financial Times .
org:founded_by(e2,e1)	Ingrid Newkirk	People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals	But John and Carmela Peterson never imagined that their effort to save the landscaping outside their suburban Great Falls Va. home would result in all this : a letter from legendary TV game show host Bob Barker pleading with the state of Virginia to liberate the deer to tread their little path to the few remaining woods and a statement by Ingrid Newkirk founder of People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals stating that there is hardly anything more selfish callous and cowardly than shooting a mother deer .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Ho Chi Minh	Vietnam	List of historic buildings in Ho Chi Minh City : Buildings in city vary from Chinese to French influences two countries that once ruled over Vietnam .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	It	Shouguang	It is based in Shouguang Shandong China .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Ho Chi Minh	Vietnam	Posts and Telecommunications Institute of Technology Ho Chi Minh City is a university-like institute in Ho Chi Minh City Vietnam .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Lado Gurgenidze	Georgia	Georgian President Mikheil Saakashvili has accepted Prime Minister Zurab Nogaideli's resignation and proposed to Parliament Lado Gurgenidze chairman of the Bank of Georgia 's supervisory board as a candidate for the post .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Guyana	Cheddi Jagan	-- 1997 : Janet Jagan becomes prime minister of Guyana after death of her husband Cheddi Jagan .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Beal High School	Redbridge	She attended Beal High School in Redbridge for her secondary education .
no_relation	Iceland	Bank	Under the leadership of Einarsson Kaupthing was listed on the Iceland Stock Exchange in October 2000 at which point the original owners of the Bank the savings banks in Iceland reduced their holdings and individuals and institutional investors replaced them as shareholders .
org:alternate_names(e2,e1)	Sidney	Myer	Sidney Myer Music Bowl retrieved 28 February 2013 Later that month over people attended to hear the American evangelist Billy Graham.Australian Institute of Architects : Sidney Myer Musical Bowl Melbourne retrieved 28 February 2013 In 1967 The Seekers performed with an audience of .
per:spouse(e1,e2)	William III of England	Mary II of England	1677 : The initial first-cousin marriage ( with no generations removed ) was the marriage of William III of England and Mary II of England .
org:founded_by(e2,e1)	Phyllis Schlafly	Eagle Forum	REAL Women is similar in political and social outlook to Phyllis Schlafly 's Eagle Forum and to Concerned Women for America in the United States .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Bablake School	Coventry	Walton studied at Bablake School in Coundon Coventry then took a BTEC National Diploma in Performing Arts at Stratford-upon-Avon College which she passed with three distinctions .
org:members(e2,e1)	The Libertines	Rough Trade	The Libertines - Time For Heroes - Time For Heroes - Rough Trade * .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Agriculture	Dan Glickman	In an earlier post I made fun of Al Gore and his Agriculture Secretary Dan Glickman for saying in 1997 that there were 30 million hungry people in America .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	University of Aberdeen	Scotland	The valley was first surveyed by a field party from the Department of Geography University of Aberdeen Scotland with British Antarctic Survey support in 1978-79 .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Smither	Signature Sounds Recordings	In September 2006 Smither released Leave the Light On ( Signature Sounds Recordings ) produced by David ' Goody ' Goodrich .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Wyclef Jean	Haiti	Ex-deputy : Wyclef Jean to run for Haiti president .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Hank Williams	Alabama	This song was written about Hank Williams who was from Montgomery Alabama .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Mitch McConnell	Kentucky	Minority Leader Mitch McConnell of Kentucky and 2008 presidential nominee John McCain are headlining the GOP's answer to the raucous town hall meetings of August in which congressional Democrats had to shout over angry constituents about health care growing deficits and the increasing role of the federal government .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Kim Jong-Il	National Defence Commission	All necessary facilities and security for tourism will be reliably provided according to the special measure taken by Kim Jong-Il chairman of the National Defence Commission read the agreement disclosed by the agency .
org:top_members/employees(e2,e1)	Kathleen Lynch	Butthole Surfers	Cabbage had previously performed with Kathleen Lynch ( a.k.a. Kathleen a.k.a. Ta-Da the Shit Lady ) in the band Easturn Stars ; Lynch gained fame as the Butthole Surfers infamous naked dancer from 1986 to 1989 .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Fiji	Josefa Iloilo	McCully who was on his way to London for a meeting of the Commonwealth Ministerial Action Group said the retirement of Fiji President Ratu Josefa Iloilo is unlikely to influence the outcome Radio New Zealand International reported on Wednesday .
no_relation	US	National Weather Service	The satellite is a joint project of the US space agency NASA and the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration ( NOAA ) which oversees the US National Weather Service .
per:title(e2,e1)	Minister	Alexandr Vondra	The increase is above all an expression of ( the government's ) responsibility regarding the position of the Czech Republic towards global security Czech defence Minister Alexandr Vondra said Wednesday in the senate .
no_relation	her	Interscope	The album was released in the UK with a cover shot by Anoushka Fisz ( wife of Dave Stewart from the Eurythmics who supported her since ) then released in 2004 with a different less disturbing cover photo on Interscope in the US .
org:city_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	bogota	National University of Colombia	The University City in bogota of National University of Colombia may be viewed as an example of the architectonic expression of the modernization of the State from 1930 to the present time .
org:founded(e2,e1)	2004	New Zealand Football Championship	In 2004 it became one of the founding principal clubs of the Team Wellington franchise in the New Zealand Football Championship .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Israel Defense Forces	Israel	An Israel Defense Forces ( IDF ) officer and four Lebanese were killed on Tuesday during a border clash the fiercest one since the fighting between Israel and the Lebanon-based Shiite group Hezbollah four years ago .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Andrews	Word Records	Andrews is signed to Word Records .
per:alternate_names(e1,e2)	Zubaydah	Zayn Al Abidin Muhammad Husayn	Zubaydah is a Saudi-born Palestinian whose real name is Zayn Al Abidin Muhammad Husayn .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Havana	Rocky Romero	In their first title defense Pac and Strong defeated The Havana Pitbulls ( Ricky Reyes and Rocky Romero ) at PWG's event Roger Dorn Night on June 10 .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Treasury	Robert Rubin	To determine this Treasury Secretary Robert Rubin appointed a nine-member Dollar Coin Design Advisory Committee .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Gustav Stresemann	Germany	Aristide Briand received the 1926 Nobel Peace Prize together with Gustav Stresemann of Germany for the Locarno Treaties ( Austen Chamberlain of the United Kingdom had received a share of the Peace Prize a year earlier for the same agreement ) .
no_relation	2008	Graduate Institute of International and Development Studies	Since 2008 he works in the same capacity at the Graduate Institute of International and Development Studies in Geneva .
no_relation	Faculdades Integradas Rio Branco	Paulo	O Grupo de Estudos da Universidade de Paulo - GEAP-PUC-SP o Instituto de Internacionais da Universidade de - iREL-UnB o Instituto Brasileiro de Internacionais - IBRI e as Faculdades Integradas Rio Branco em Paulo nos dias 11 e 25 de outubro e 01 08 e 22 de novembro ( das 9h 12 h 30 min e das 14 h 30 min 18 h ) o curso de Internacionais do Brasil : Temas e Agendas com 35 horas de .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Ireland	Planxty	Ironically it was a time when Irish traditional music was becoming increasingly popular throughout Ireland Britain and America due to groups such as Planxty and the Bothy Band .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Arthur R. Gould	Maine	Arthur R. Gould won anyway after an anti-Klan campaign which signalled the limits of the Klan's power in Maine politics ( see Ku Klux Klan in Maine ) Brewster entered the Republican primary for the U.S. Senate seat held by Sen. Frederick Hale in 1928 but Hale triumphed .
per:country_of_birth(e1,e2)	Pierre-Auguste Renoir	France	Pierre-Auguste Renoir was born in Limoges Haute-Vienne France the child of a working-class family .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e2,e1)	Colorado	Salazar	John Salazar seeking a fourth term in Congress in Colorado 's 3rd District is facing a Republican challenger Scott Tipton who lost by a large margin to Salazar in 2006 but is now running neck and neck heading toward November .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	United States	Joe	The United States fully supports Georgia's drive to join NATO US Vice President Joe Biden said here on Thursday .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Lyndon B. Johnson	United States	On June 28 1966 President Lyndon B. Johnson nominated Singleton to a new seat on the United States District Court for the Southern District of Texas created by 80 Stat .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Jon Kyl	Arizona	It was issued by Sens. Mitch McConnell of Kentucky the party leader ; Trent Lott of Mississippi the whip ; Jon Kyl of Arizona the conference chairman and other prominent Republicans .
no_relation	Charles	Adams	Powerful Massachusetts Senator Charles Sumner had wanted the position and became alienated from Adams .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	El Salvador	Antonio Saca	The Spanish vice president on Monday wrapped up an official visit to El Salvador where she met with President Elias Antonio Saca and members of his cabinet to discuss investment and other issues in their bilateral cooperation .
no_relation	Athens	Ohio University	Athens Georgia : Assistant/Associate Professor Epidemiology/Health Services Research Ohio University College of Osteopathic Medicine j. .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Rutherford B. Hayes	Ohio	He attended Rutherford B. Hayes High School ( Delaware Ohio ) and played college football at the Ohio State University .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	Orange	Telekomunikacja Polska	Orange is currently the largest ISP in Europe ( counting the subscribers of Telekomunikacja Polska ) with over ten million subscribers largely concentrated in France the UK Spain the Netherlands and Poland .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Sony Music Japan	Yui	Their third single I Do It is a collaboration with fellow Sony Music Japan singer Yui and was released on April 22 2009 .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	University of Leicester	UK	Using ionic liquids made in part by vitamin B4 ( choline chloride ) a group of chemists from the University of Leicester UK is able to remove glycerol the main by-product of vegetable oil-based biodiesel which if left in biodiesel would damage engines according to a press release on Thursday by the university .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Daniel Akaka	Hawaii	Sen. Daniel Akaka a Hawaii Democrat has introduced similar legislation in the Senate .
org:members(e2,e1)	IX Troop Carrier Command	United States Army Air Forces	The IX Troop Carrier Command was a United States Army Air Forces unit .
no_relation	Rupert Murdoch	its	Rupert Murdoch 's News Corp last week agreed to sell its Bulgarian terrestrial TV business bTV for 400 million dollars ( 294 million euros ) in cash to leading regional broadcaster CME .
org:founded_by(e1,e2)	Bros	Dan Dunn	Dunn Bros Coffee is a franchise company of coffeehouses founded in St. Paul Minnesota in December 1987 by brothers Ed and Dan Dunn .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	college	Delhi	In 2009 the college was given a state university status thus changing its name to Delhi Technological University .
per:country_of_birth(e1,e2)	Sat?	hat Ja	Sat? ?advised Tg that in reality unconditional surrender or terms closely equivalent thereto was all t hat Ja pan could expect .
org:founded(e2,e1)	1872	Intercolonial Railway	In 1872 the Intercolonial Railway of Canada was constructed south of the community on the route between Truro and Moncton .
per:cities_of_residence(e2,e1)	Vancouver	his	Shortly thereafter he moved to Vancouver with his mother and younger sister .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Kenya	Jomo Kenyatta	Membership is drawn from five major disciplines : Landscape architecture is a new practise in Kenya first inaugurated in Jomo Kenyatta University of Agriculture and Technology .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Peter Lougheed	Alberta	After the election Premier Peter Lougheed appointed Backus to the Executive Council of Alberta to serve as Minister of Public Works in his first cabinet .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Johnette Napolitano	Concrete Blonde	Johnette Napolitano solo artist and lead singer of Concrete Blonde lives in Joshua Tree .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Fu Jen Catholic University	Taiwan	He is currently an associate professor at Fu Jen Catholic University National Chiao Tung University and National Taiwan University of Arts .
no_relation	Lucie	Madeleine Renaud	Lucie Madeleine Renaud ( 21 February 1900 Paris 23 September 1994 Paris ) was a French actress best remembered for her work in the theatre .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	National Autonomous University of Honduras	Honduras	He graduated in Science and Law from the National Autonomous University of Honduras ( Universidad Nacional Autonoma de Honduras ) in 1928 ( UCM ) .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e2,e1)	Michigan	Eminem	When asked in an interview with the New York Times about same-sex marriage being legalized in his home state of Michigan Eminem responded I think if two people love each other then what the hell ?
org:members(e2,e1)	Argentina	Mercedes Sosa	Along with the song a classic written by Chilean Violeta Parra immortalized by Argentina Mercedes Sosa has recorded a video with statements of all participating artists and images of the tragedy .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Diocesan College	Rondebosch	Hakewill-Smith was born in Kimberley Northern Cape South Africa on 17 March 1896 he was educated at the Diocesan College ( Bishops ) in Rondebosch Cape Town South Africa and at the RMC Sandhurst .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Appalachian State Mountaineers	North Carolina	Eugene Emmett Garbee ( May 29 1907 November 8 1996 ) was the third head football coach and first basketball coach for the Appalachian State Mountaineers located in Boone North Carolina .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Sherrod Brown	Ohio	The liberal amendment that could be hardest to defeat -- and is among the most deeply dreaded by Wall Street -- also has some of the purest populist appeal : a proposal by Sen. Sherrod Brown of Ohio and Sen. Ted Kaufman of Delaware to break up the nation's biggest banks by imposing caps on the deposits they can hold and limits on other liabilities .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	England	Barnet General Hospital	Duggan's body was flown back to England on 31 March where a non-forensic postmortem examination was conducted on 4 April by Dr David Shove a consultant histopathologist at Barnet General Hospital .
org:founded_by(e1,e2)	Jazzercise	Judi Sheppard Missett	The Jazzercise program was founded in 1969 by Jazzercise CEO Judi Sheppard Missett .
org:founded(e1,e2)	Dream Street	1999	Dream Street was a British children's television series that ran from 6 May 1999 to 2002 on CITV .
org:alternate_names(e1,e2)	Atari Games	Tengen	Atari Games created a line of NES products under the name Tengen and took a different approach .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Minneapolis Police Department	Minnesota	The largest Midwestern mounted patrol is in the Minneapolis Police Department of Minneapolis Minnesota .
no_relation	RWE	npower	On 11 May 2007 proposals for a 2 billion clean coal power station were announced by energy supplier RWE npower .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Dirk Kempthorne	Idaho	Maybe it could be a place holder -- like U.S. Interior Secretary Dirk Kempthorne a former Idaho governor and senator -- who would allow someone else to run when Craig's term expires in January 2009 .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Open University of Cyprus	in Cyp	The Open University of Cyprus ( OUC ) ( in Greek ) in Lefkosia ( Nicosia ) is the only university in Cyp rus dedicated to distance learning .
org:members(e2,e1)	Howard University	NCAA	After graduating from St. Mary's College in Trinidad Hislop earned a scholarship to play college soccer at Howard University in the United States and led his team to the NCAA Final as a freshman starter .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	he	Malta	From 1993 to 2008 he produced what was then Malta 's only regular socio-political comic strip ( One Family ) in The Sunday Times .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Council	Abubakar Tafawa Balewa	An all-Nigerian Executive Council was headed by a Prime Minister Alhaji Sir Abubakar Tafawa Balewa .
org:city_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Metro Manila	San Beda College	He then got many playing offers from different schools in Metro Manila where he chose to join the San Beda College training camp .
org:city_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Bradford	Yorkshire Building Society	At a Special General Meeting in Bradford on 23 January 2010 Yorkshire Building Society members approved the merger proposal .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Embraer	dos Campos	Embraer Defense and Security on August 16 2012 delivered the first EMB 145 Airborne Early Warning and Control ( ) class of aircraft to the Government of India in a ceremony held at Embraer headquarters in dos Campos Brazil .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Cliff Richard	Rocket	John at that time was trying to assist British performers whom he personally liked to achieve success in the US ( he had released records in the US by veteran British pop singer Cliff Richard on his own Rocket Records label . ) .
org:top_members/employees(e2,e1)	Robert Kuok	Shangri-La Hotels and Resorts	Sir Robert Kuok Shangri-La Hotels and Resorts chairman also announced during the groundbreaking ceremonies that the hotel shall house what will become Manila largest ballroom with a floor area of square meters .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Canadian Forces	Canada	The National Defence Medical Centre ( NDMC ) was the national and largest hospital of the Canadian Forces in Ottawa Canada .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	he	Minnesota	There he served with the Minnesota legislature .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Cleveland	Cleveland Orchestra	The Blossom Festival Orchestra is made up of free-lance musicians from the Cleveland area mostly pulling from musicians of the Cleveland Pops Orchestra Opera Cleveland Orchestra or Apollo's Fire .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	Regional Newspapers	Maitland Mercury	In 1987 Rural Press Limited purchased Regional Newspapers ' group of publications including the Advocate and printing moved again this time to the Maitland Mercury site .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Apocalypse	Brazil	The Music Awards honor contribution of the Apocalypse band to the music in South of Brazil .
org:founded(e2,e1)	2007	Thomas Cook Group	Due to necessary consolidation within the UK IT market MyTravel Group PLC and Thomas Cook AG agreed to merge in March 2007 to form Thomas Cook Group PLC .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Mt Maria College	Mitchelton	Mt Maria College is housed at 67-69 Osborne Road Mitchelton and is operated in a basement .
no_relation	Chaim Weizmann	State	was a sister of Israeli politician and notable scientist Chaim Weizmann ( the first President of the State of Israel ) .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Spain	Raphael	He has toured South America with the National Orchestra of Spain with Raphael Fruhbeck de Burgos conducting and has played with the Opera Orchestra of Nice the National Orchestra of Bordeaux Prague Chamber Orchestra Basel Philharmonic the Monterey Symphony Orchestra the Israel Philharmonic among many others .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Eminem	Aftermath	See also : Eminem production discography and Eminem guest appearances Although he typically collaborates with various rappers under Aftermath Entertainment and Shady Records such as Dr. Dre 50 Cent D12 and Obie Trice Eminem has collaborated with many other artists including Redman Kid Rock DMX Lil Wayne Missy Elliott Jay-Z Drake Nicki Minaj Xzibit Method Man Jadakiss Fat Joe Sticky Fingaz T.I. Young Jeezy among others .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Energy	Samuel Bodman	Energy Secretary Samuel Bodman on Thursday announced the dismissal of the head of the US nuclear weapons program after a series of security breaches and management problems .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	United Abkhazia	his	Bagapsh was nominated on 27 October by United Abkhazia with Prime Minister Alexander Ankvab of Aitaira as his Vice Presidential candidate .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Dogg	Mshasho	A press-conference conducted by Dogg and Sunny proved the public that the departure of Sunny from Mshasho was of goodwill and that they were in agreement and they do n't want anyone between them creating problem since they were still close friends and will remain like that .
org:founded(e1,e2)	Yale School of Public Health	1915	The Yale School of Public Health ( YSPH ) was founded in 1915 by Charles-Edward Amory Winslow and is one of the oldest public health masters programs in the United States .
org:top_members/employees(e2,e1)	Fatima Jafri	Trinity College	Fatima Jafri seorang mahasiswa senior Trinity College di Hartford Connecticut yang mengambil jurusan kajian Timur Tengah menghabiskan lima bulan di Trinidad dan Tobago mempelajari bagaimana umat Muslim yang dominan di negara tersebut menyerap dan mempengaruhi berbagai aspek kehidupan lokal mereka .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Israel Defense Forces	Israel	Meanwhile an Israel Defense Forces spokeswoman told Xinhua that the army detected six rockets were launched from Gaza at Israel and the security forces were still checking the exact location that the rockets had landed .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Fatos Nano	Albania	Bamir Topi deputy leader of the governing Democratic Party-led coalition of Prime Minister Sali Beisha received 29 votes of support while the former prime minister and opposition Socialist Party leader Fatos Nano rallied 20 lawmakers behind him ATA Albania 's official news agency reported .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Scotland	University of Edinburgh	Alzheimer Scotland Dementia Research Centre Ian Deary is co-Director of the Alzheimer Scotland Dementia Research Centre which is based at the University of Edinburgh and funded by Alzheimer Scotland .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Richard Manning Karp	University of California Berkeley	Richard Manning Karp ( born January 3 1935 ) is a computer scientist and computational theorist at the University of California Berkeley notable for research in the theory of algorithms for which he received a Turing Award in 1985 The Benjamin Franklin Medal in Computer and Cognitive Science in 2004 and the Kyoto Prize in 2008 .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Newman	Connecticut	Posthumously Newman was inducted into the Connecticut Hall of Fame and was honored with a nature preserve in Westport named in his honor .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Chace Community School	Enfield	Chace Community School is a comprehensive mixed state secondary school in Forty Hill Enfield Town London England with 1257 pupils in 2009 .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	John Thune	South Dakota	I think they realized that if you are a Democrat in an agricultural state a red state that this is radioactive and I think that is why they have tried scrupulously to reaffirm that they do n't have any intention of doing this said Republican Sen. John Thune of South Dakota .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Russia	Lukoil	Russia 's largest privately owned oil company Lukoil said Wednesday that net profit in the first quarter dropped 71 percent compared to a year earlier dragged down by low oil prices .
org:alternate_names(e2,e1)	DGSE	DGSE Companies	In November of 2012 DGSE opened a new store in Fort Worth TX In November of 2012 DGSE Companies Announces the Resumption of Trading of its public stock on NYSE MKT .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Cher	Geffen	Love Hurts was released in 1991 and was the third and final studio album released by Cher for Geffen Records .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Ma Ying-jeou	Kuomintang	The Economic Cooperation Framework Agreement Television Debate was a televised debate between the President of the Republic of China Ma Ying-jeou who is also chairman of the Nationalist Party ( Kuomintang ) and the chairperson of Democratic Progressive Party Tsai Ing-wen which aired on April 25 2010 .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	John Sidney McCain III	United States Naval Academy	John Sidney McCain III entered the United States Naval Academy at Annapolis Maryland in 1954 .
org:alternate_names(e1,e2)	New Orleans University	Dillard University	In 1934 after experiencing financial difficulties Straight College was merged with New Orleans University to form Dillard University .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Siddiqui	Pakistan	Siddiqui is believed to have returned to Pakistan shortly after the Sept. 11 2001 attacks in the United States and later disappeared .
org:members(e2,e1)	Hollywood Undead	/ Octone Records	They first signed a record contract with MySpace Records in 2005 but they left the label after the label tried to censor their first album.Corey Apar Hollywood Undead at Allmusic They then signed a contract with / Octone Records and their first album Swan Songs was released on September 2 2008 and reached No. 22 on the Billboard 200 in its first week of release selling copies ; which was later on released in the United Kingdom on May 18 2009 with two bonus tracks .
per:title(e2,e1)	Producer	Butch Walker	Producer Butch Walker also makes a cameo .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Mute Records	Erasure	It was issued by Mute Records in the UK and Sire Records in the U.S. to herald the June release of Erasure 's debut album Wonderland but became the third consecutive commercial failure for the band in both territories .
org:founded_by(e2,e1)	Kadokawa Shoten	Comp Ace	A third manga illustrated by Mekimeki and titled Fantasista Doll began serialization in the July 2013 issue of Kadokawa Shoten 's Comp Ace magazine .
per:title(e2,e1)	Governor	Tommy Thompson	jpg | Former Governor Tommy Thompson of Wisconsin File : John Thune official portrait 111th Congress.jpg | Senator John Thune of South Dakota Image : WhitmanChristineTodd .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Japan	Anna Tsuchiya	On June 25 2011 Amuro attended the 2011 MTV Video Music Aid Japan award ceremony performing Wonder Woman with Ai and Anna Tsuchiya .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Japan	Tetsuya Komuro	She began performing at various night clubs all over Japan and even made a collaboration with Tetsuya Komuro at Avex's 2009 house music event House Nation Fiesta where the attendees included May J. Tomoyuki Tanaka Yasutaka Nakata Ami Suzuki Shanadoo Maynard Plant among others .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	South Africa	Athol Fugard	Arguably South Africa 's preeminent playwright after Athol Fugard Slabolepszy is a prolific writer and performer .
per:cities_of_residence(e2,e1)	Logierait	Alexander Mackenzie	He was born in Logierait Perthshire Scotland to Alexander Mackenzie Sr. and Mary Stewart Fleming .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Ian Dury	Polydor	Weeks ' Holiday is a 1984 album by Ian Dury The Music Students for Polydor Records .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Shiseido	Japan	Shiseido Co rose 120 yen or 4.8 percent to yen after Japan 's largest cosmetics maker said its net profit rose 38 percent in the fiscal first half because of brisk sales overseas especially in China and cost cuts in Japan .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Ohio University	Athens	------------------------ Mark Kesler Director Center for Organization Development and Effectiveness University Human Resources Ohio University Human Resource Center Room 236C 169 W. Union Street Athens OH 45701 http://www.ohio.edu/hr/kesler.cfm Office Phone : (740) 593-1649 Office Fax : (740) 593-0386 .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Iajuddin Ahmed	Bangladesh	Bangladeshi President Iajuddin Ahmed took over the post of Chief Advisor of the caretaker government on Oct. 29 2006 as five-year tenure of Bangladesh Nationalist Party ( BNP ) - led four party alliance government ran out on Oct. 27 2006 .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	California	California Community Colleges System	It is a part of the West Valley-Mission Community College District which also administers West Valley College in nearby Saratoga California in turn part of the California Community Colleges System .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Paul Zed	New Brunswick	As a successful lawyer and businessman Paul Zed is a member of the New Brunswick Canadian and International Bar Associations since 1982 .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	California Golden Bears	Berkeley	The 1969 California Golden Bears football team represented University of California Berkeley during the 1969 college football season .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	He	Boston	He contributed illustrations of Boston life and rural New England life to magazines such as Ballou's Pictorial and Harper's Weekly .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Houari	Algeria	Houari ( ) is a town and commune in Abadla District Province in western Algeria .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	Country Energy	Government of New South Wales	Since its establishment in 2001 and until 28 February 2011 Country Energy was owned by the Government of New South Wales .
no_relation	Smither	CD Time Stands	Smither 's thirteenth CD Time Stands Still was released on September 29 2009 on Signature Sounds Recordings .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	EPA	Stephen L. Johnson	Lisa P. Jackson the EPA administrator said in an interview that she had reversed the ruling by her predecessor Stephen L. Johnson because the traditional presumption had been that California with its history of air pollution had grounds to establish rules that exceed federal requirements .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Red Hot Chili Peppers	John Frusciante	This version contained a bonus studio track a cover of The Moody Blues Nights in White Satin featuring Red Hot Chili Peppers guitarist John Frusciante this was originally included on the soundtrack to the 2005 film Stealth .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	SSC	Barangay North Poblacion	The SSC campus has a total land area of 3.9 hectares and is located in Barangay North Poblacion in the municipality of Larena which is acclaimed to be the center of trade and industry in the province .
per:spouse(e1,e2)	Korda	Maria Corda	Korda 's wife Maria Corda starred in several Corvin productions .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Rupiah Banda	Zambia	Zambian President Rupiah Banda has challenged local golfers competing in the 2009 Zambia Open Golf Championship to ensure that one emerges winner of the event the Zambia Daily Mail reported on Friday .
org:alternate_names(e2,e1)	Rio de Janeiro	Federal University of Rio de Janeiro	In 1931 the School joined the University of Rio de Janeiro the current Federal University of Rio de Janeiro .
no_relation	Surrey	Guildford College	The university currently validates courses at North East Surrey College of Technology ( NESCOT ) Guildford School of Acting Guildford College of Further Higher Education King Edward VII Hospital Department of Staff Development The Nuclear Department at St John's Seminary Southern Theological Education Training Scheme ( STETS ) the Pre-Retirement Association and SHL ( UK ) Ltd .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Lebanese armed forces	Lebanon	The U.S. official went on saying that American aid had totaled over 1 billion U.S. dollars since 2006 with significant support for the Lebanese armed forces hoping the Lebanese government will exercise its legitimate authority over all of Lebanon .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	G-Unit	Tony Yayo	He's barely disagreed with anyone on his Twitter : So far the worst barbs have been affectionate pokes at his G-Unit crew mates Lloyd Banks and Tony Yayo .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	China Mobile	China	China Mobile is China 's largest cell phone carrier .
no_relation	Willie	Columbia	That accumulated knowledge is reflected in the book especially Willie 's dealings with D Records RCA Atlantic and Columbia .
org:members(e1,e2)	NCAA	Carnegie Mellon	Kiley was also a 2005 NCAA Division III All-American Track Athlete who ran the starting leg for Carnegie Mellon 's 4x400 meter relay team at National Championships at Wartburg College .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Spain	de Honor de Rugby	CR El Salvador current champions of Spain 's de Honor de Rugby compete in the European Challenge Cup .
no_relation	Aaron	UK	RED PEPPER SPRAY - MADE in USA sell by authorised dealer please contact Aaron ( police MALAYSIA ) 6-017-2603295 Used by military army and navy in USA UK and EU .
org:members(e2,e1)	Buffalo Bulls	Division I	The 2012 Buffalo Bulls football team represented the University at Buffalo The State University of New York in the 2012 NCAA Division I FBS football season .
per:alternate_names(e1,e2)	Don Covay	Donald Randolph	Don Covay ( born Donald Randolph 24 March 1938 Orangeburg South Carolina United States ) is an American / rock and roll/soul music singer and songwriter most active in the 1950s and 1960s who received a Pioneer Award from the Rhythm and Blues Foundation in 1994 .
no_relation	Tata Steel	Corus	Tata Steel was the winner of a January auction for Corus that was overseen by Britain's takeover regulator .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Radovan Karad?i	of Republika Srps	Radovan Karad?i ? former war-time president of Republika Srps ka is often mistaken as a Bosnian Serb he was in fact an ethnic Drobnjak who was born in .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Iran	Iranian Space Agency	On occasion of the 10th anniversary of the 1998 Kwangmyongsong 1 satellite launch attempt program conducted by North Korea in close cooperation with Iran and Pakistan the Iranian Space Agency has proceeded with its own test .
org:members(e2,e1)	Maryland Terrapins	University of Maryland	The Maryland Terrapins baseball team represents the University of Maryland in National Collegiate Athletic Association Division I college baseball competition .
org:members(e1,e2)	United Nations	IRIN	Already a number of United Nations organizations including UNICEF UNESCO World Health Organization IRIN have their programs aired .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Kit Bond	Missouri	Tip your hat to a trillion-dollar scam said Sen. Kit Bond of Missouri referring to the mastermind of a multibillion-dollar Ponzi scheme .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e2,e1)	Oregon	Jeff Merkley	In Oregon Democratic candidate Jeff Merkley 's campaign shares office space with the Obama staff .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Iran	Shapour Bakhtiar	On 16 January 1979 he made a contract with Farboud and left Iran at the behest of Prime Minister Shapour Bakhtiar ( a long time opposition leader himself ) who sought to calm the situation .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	ABC Kids	Disney	By 2003 the One Too branding had been dropped for the block due to the rebranding of ABC's Saturday morning lineup from One Saturday Morning to ABC Kids ( though the block was unofficially referred to as Disney 's Animation Weekdays outside of the network ) .
per:origin(e2,e1)	French	Henri Gaudier-Brzeska	Vorticism was a brief coming together of a number of Modernist artists in the years immediately before 1914 ; members included Wyndham Lewis the sculptor Sir Jacob Epstein David Bomberg Malcolm Arbuthnot Lawrence Atkinson the American photographer Alvin Langdon Coburn Frederick Etchells the French sculptor Henri Gaudier-Brzeska Cuthbert Hamilton Christopher Nevinson William Roberts Edward Wadsworth Jessica Dismorr Helen Saunders and Dorothy Shakespear .
org:founded(e1,e2)	Bell Baxter High School	1889	Bell Baxter High School was descended from the Cupar Grammar School and was founded in 1889 when the Madras Academy combined with the Sir David Baxter's Institute for Young Ladies .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Prachanda	Nepal	Prachanda and Ban touched upon a wide range of issues from the global body's support for Nepal management of the CPN-M armies deputing Nepal's peacekeeping forces for the UN to Somalia and Chad to the extension of the United Nations Mission in Nepal ( UNMIN ) during the 40-minute meeting held at the Prime Minister's Office at Singha Durbar Kathmandu .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Sheldon Whitehouse	Rhode Island	Among Democrats Sen. Sheldon Whitehouse of Rhode Island has a 100 percent pro-Obama voting record this year .
per:spouse(e2,e1)	James	Margaret of Denmark	Henry VII briefly contemplated marrying his mother-in-law off to King James III of Scotland when James ' wife Margaret of Denmark died in 1486 .
org:top_members/employees(e1,e2)	Walsall F.C.	he	Born in Walsall Crutchley joined Walsall F.C. in 1945 where he gained a reputation as a hard-working defensive wing-half .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Meta Linhas	Boa Vista	Meta Linhas ( Formerly META - Mesquita Transportes ) is an airline based in Boa Vista Brazil that operates domestic and international services to destinations in northern Brazil Guyana and Suriname .
org:founded(e2,e1)	1998	Metropolitan Basketball Association	In 1998 the Metropolitan Basketball Association was formed as a regional-based professional league which also challenged the commercial Philippine Basketball Association .
no_relation	Santa Anna	Mexico	In 1837 Urrea turned against Santa Anna upon his return to Mexico and fought against him at the Battle of in 1838 .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Ukraine	Mykola Azarov	| thumb On July 14 2010 the Prime Minister of Ukraine Mykola Azarov met the team Natus Vincere in the Cabinet of Ministers building .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	High Court	Edmund Barton	Latham was one of only eight justices of the High Court to have served in Parliament prior to his appointment to the Court ; the others were Edmund Barton Richard O'Connor Isaac Isaacs H. B. Higgins Edward McTiernan Garfield Barwick and Lionel Murphy .
no_relation	Canada	Arts	It was opened by the Methodist Church of Canada in New Westminster and it was affiliated with Victoria College of the University of Toronto and offered courses towards Arts Theology degrees .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Tufts University	Medford	Brown grew up in Wakefield and attended Tufts University in nearby Medford .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Vytautas Magnus University	Kaunas	Blekaitis earned a degree in theater from Vytautas Magnus University in Kaunas Lithuania and began work as an actor and director .
no_relation	The Bay	Bay	When Sears vacated the mall the Victoria Eaton Centre was renamed to reflect the mall's new department store tenant The Bay ( now Hudson's Bay ) .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Latvia	they	For Human Rights in United Latvia did not nominate a candidate it was announced after election that they supported .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Judah P. Benjamin	State	Judah P. Benjamin was the first practicing Jewish Senator and would later serve as Confederate Secretary of War and Secretary of State during the Civil War .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Heather O'Rourke	California	The story focuses on the Freeling family which consists of Steven ( Craig T. Nelson ) ; Diane ( JoBeth Williams ) ; Dana ( Dominique Dunne ) ; Robbie ( Oliver Robins ) ; and Carol Anne ( Heather O'Rourke ) who live in a California housing development called Cuesta Verde .
org:members(e2,e1)	JSS	United Democratic Front	JSS went on to join the United Democratic Front the arch-rivals of the Left Democratic Front to which CPI ( M ) belongs .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	he	Pakistan	After the 1962 elections he became Leader of the Opposition in the National Assembly of Pakistan during the government of President Field Marshal Muhammad Ayub Khan .
no_relation	United States Army South	Isthmian Canal Commission	USARSO United States Army South U.S. Army South has existed under its current name since 1986 but its historical roots reach back much farther to the Isthmian Canal Commission and the Panama Canal Guard of 1904 1914 both of which played a pivotal role in the construction and early defense of the Canal.Global Security With the active support and encouragement of the United States Panama declared its independence from Colombia on 3 Nov. 1903 and that same month the United States received the right to build and administer the Panama Canal .
per:title(e1,e2)	Amy Van Nostrand	actress	Amy Van Nostrand ( born April 11 1953 ) is an American actress .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	Guardian Media Group	The Guardian	In its own statement Guardian Media Group The Guardian 's parent company took note of the nondenial .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Australia	Edmund Barton	Barwick was one of only eight justices of the High Court to have served in the Parliament of Australia prior to his appointment to the Court ; the others were Edmund Barton Richard O'Connor Isaac Isaacs H. B. Higgins Edward McTiernan John Latham and Lionel Murphy .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e2,e1)	Florida	Bob Graham	Collins was also appointed by former U.S. Senator and then Florida Governor Bob Graham to serve on the Governor Business Advisory Council on Education and the State Board of Independent Postsecondary Vocational Technical Trade and Business Schools .
org:founded(e1,e2)	NXP Semiconductors	2006	In November 2004 he became CEO of Philips Semiconductors where he led the spin-off of the division resulting in the formation of NXP Semiconductors on October 1 2006 .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	The CW Television Network	UPN	In place of these networks both companies decided to form The CW Television Network a new service that combined the most popular programming from both UPN and The WB with new series produced specifically for the network .
no_relation	2003	Airborne Express	In 2003 Davis and his lobbying firm were hired by German logistic company DHL and Airborne Express to lobby Congress to approve a merger between the two firms .
org:top_members/employees(e1,e2)	Disney	Robert Iger	In the e-mail Sebbag wrote that Disney Chief Executive Officer Robert Iger is in serious and advanced negotiations to sell the ABC network to two private equity firms but no price has been determined yet .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	George Washington	Continental Army	1782 - Gen. George Washington creates the Order of the Purple Heart a decoration to recognize merit in enlisted men and noncommissioned officers in the Continental Army in the American Revolutionary War .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Michigan	Northern	Modest increases in enrollment resulted in several name changes throughout the years : In 1963 through the adoption of a new state constitution in Michigan Northern was designated as a comprehensive university serving the diverse educational needs of Upper Michigan .
per:alternate_names(e1,e2)	Jayne Eastwood	Jane Eastwood	Jayne Eastwood ( born December 17 1946 ) also credited as Jane Easton or Jane Eastwood is a Canadian actress who is most famous for appearing in the 2002 film Chicago .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Houston	United States	Annise Parker has been sworn in as Houston mayor officially making her city the largest in the United States to be led by an openly gay person .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	South Korean	Kim Dae-jung	Former South Korean President Kim Dae-jung gave male and female South Korean dogs to North Korea's Kim as a gift at their summit in 2000 the first between leaders of the two Koreas since the peninsula was split after World War II .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Iceland	Geir Haarde	The First cabinet of in Iceland was formed 1 February 2009 after the Second cabinet of Geir Haarde resigned due to the 2009 Icelandic financial crisis protests .
no_relation	New Jersey	Standard Oil	King Ibn Saud was being influenced by Juan Pablo Alfonso of Venezuela who cut a similar 50/50 deal with New Jersey Standard Oil and Royal Dutch Shell .
per:cities_of_residence(e2,e1)	Guatemala	Alfonso Portillo	US prosecutors on Monday charged Guatemala 's fugitive former president Alfonso Portillo with embezzlement and money laundering .
per:origin(e2,e1)	Greek	Marianta Pieridi	DJ is a CD single by popular Greek artist Marianta Pieridi released in Greece in October 2006 by Universal Music Greece .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Cameroon national cricket team	Cameroon	The Cameroon national cricket team is the team that represents the country of Cameroon in international cricket matches .
org:members(e1,e2)	Tri Nations	New Zealand	Lievremont said he had watched all four Tri Nations matches to have been played so far between New Zealand Australia and South Africa and had been hugely impressed by the standard in each one .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	Logo	Viacom	One episode of the new Jersey Shore season which will begin on July 29 will be solely sponsored by a single advertiser said Sean Moran executive vice president for sales and integrated marketing for MTV VH1 and Logo at the MTV Networks unit of Viacom .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	Public Health Laboratory Network	Public Health Agency of Canada	The Canadian Public Health Laboratory Network a federal and provincial policy making body funded by the Public Health Agency of Canada blindly endorse IDSA while doing no confirmatory research and refusing to work with the ultimate stakeholder .
org:alternate_names(e1,e2)	College	University College London	It was also under this charter that the College became formally known as University College London ( thus abandoning the comma after College which had been used since 1836 ) .
no_relation	Coppin	Gloucestershire	Coppin 's first full album of Gloucestershire poems set to music Forest and Vale and High Blue Hill was premiered at the 1983 Cheltenham Literary Festival to much acclaim .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Unsane	Relapse Records	Occupational Hazard is Unsane 's fourth studio album released on January 27 1998 through Relapse Records .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Bedales School	England	Phillips was educated at Bedales School a boarding independent school in the village of Steep near the market town of Petersfield in Hampshire in Southern England between the years 1981 - 1986 followed by the University of Oxford where he studied Modern History and at the School of Oriental and African Studies at the University of London from which he obtained a Masters degree in African Politics and Economics .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Ohio	Sherrod Brown	HUD reversed that decision in February 2013 after intervention from Ohio 's U.S. senator Sherrod Brown .
no_relation	Teague	Academy of Art University	Teague is also credited for starting the Automotive Design program at the Academy of Art University in San Francisco California .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	American	Chuck Hagel	The chief executive of American Information Systems in the early Nineties was Chuck Hagel who went on to run for elective office and became the first Republican in 24 years to be elected to the Senate from Nebraska cheered on by the Omaha World-Herald newspaper which also happens to be a big investor in .
no_relation	New Zealand	Hong Kong sevens	Fiji New Zealand England win second straight games at Hong Kong sevens .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	nt of the	ty leader Benaz	Perween Hayat ( In Arabic/Urdu : ) became the first female to serve as city preside nt of the Pakistan People Party in Lahore Pakistan During the exile of the par ty leader Benaz ir Bhutto .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Franklin Pierce	New Hampshire	The College at Rindge ( Franklin Pierce 's traditional undergraduate campus ) is situated on of land in Rindge New Hampshire .
org:members(e2,e1)	Kennesaw State Owls	Division I	It is home to the Kennesaw State Owls of the NCAA Division I Atlantic Sun Conference .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Israel	Rabin	Israel far right presses for release of Rabin killer .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	He	California	He attended grade school in Glendale California .
org:city_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Denver	Sturm College of Law	McInnis a former congressman and a lawyer on leave from Hogan Lovells ( formerly Hogan Hartson ) could face discipline from the Colorado Bar said legal ethics professor Rebecca Aviel at the University of Denver Sturm College of Law .
org:founded_by(e2,e1)	Frances Mary Buss	Camden School for Girls	Founded in 1871 by the suffragette Frances Mary Buss who also founded North London Collegiate School the Camden School for Girls was one of the first girls ' schools in England .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	El Salvador	Antonio Saca	Chen who is accompany President Chen Shui-bian on a three-day state visit in El Salvador after attending Taiwan-Central America leadership summit in Honduras made the remarks after Salvadoran President Antonio Saca promulgated his country's free trade pact with Taiwan earlier that same day .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	He	New Hampshire	He served as member of the New Hampshire state constitutional convention in 1850 .
per:title(e2,e1)	director	Terry Gilliam	Despite winning a deed that might be valued in the millions and counting Monty Python actor and director Terry Gilliam as a close friend Hallowes swears that he will never change his lifestyle .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Bangladesh	Bangladesh Cricket Board	He also played for Bangladesh A in 2003/04 and for the Bangladesh Cricket Board President's XI in 2000/01 .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Petrelis	Greece	On January 5 2009 Petrelis ' wife gave birth to their second daughter ( Silia ) in Athens Greece .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	Ivor Sigmund Tiefenbrun	Glasgow	Ivor Sigmund Tiefenbrun MBE ( born March 1946 ) is the founder and Chairman of Linn Products Ltd Glasgow Scotland-based manufacturers of hi-fi audio equipment and home theatre equipment .
org:members(e1,e2)	Getronics	CompuCom Systems	It was founded in 2009 by Getronics KPN CompuCom Systems Getronics Middle East NTT Data Getronics ServiceOne Getronics and Tecnocom .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Terror Squad	Fat Joe	In 1998 Terror Squad debuted as a group on the track The Hidden Hand from Fat Joe 's album Don Cartagena .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	University of Wollongong	Australia	Dr. Zhaohao Sun Lecturer School of Economics and Information Systems Faculty of Commerce University of Wollongong Australia .
no_relation	Maryland	Georgia Bulldogs baseball	Michael H. Rebhan ( born : September 28 1967 in Rockville Maryland ) is a former college baseball player for the Georgia Bulldogs baseball team .
org:members(e2,e1)	23rd Ohio Infantry	Union	In 1861 Matthews resigned as United States Attorney to serve as a lieutenant colonel with the 23rd Ohio Infantry of the Union Army during the American Civil War .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	Fox8	Foxtel	Fox8 is Foxtel 's most popular subscription channel and peak channel .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Albert Ho	Democratic Party	Albert Ho Chun-yan of Democratic Party said he would resign from his legislator post to let Hong Kong people have an opportunity to decide in a de facto referendum as the pan democrats launched the by-election in 2010 for universal suffrage in 2012 to pave way for the Occupy Central movement .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	FDR	Warm Springs	thumb | FDR gravesite at Hyde ParkOn March 29 1945 Roosevelt went to the Little White House at Warm Springs Georgia to rest before his anticipated appearance at the founding conference of the United Nations .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Interior	Harold L. Ickes	In 1932 Franklin Roosevelt's Interior Secretary Harold L. Ickes exonerated Hermann of any wrongdoing .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Cher	US	The song peaked at # 8 on the Billboard Hot 100 chart in December 1989 becoming Cher 's third top ten single from Heart of Stone in the US .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Zeng Qinghong	Communist Party of China	Top legislator Wu Bangguo Premier Wen Jiabao and Jia Qinglin Zeng Qinghong Wu Guanzheng Li Changchun and Luo Gan all members of the Standing Committee of the Political Bureau of the Communist Party of China ( CPC ) Central Committee also joined more than spectators to watch the performance .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Manson	Goodbye Mr. Mackenzie	Manson was also a backing vocalist for Goodbye Mr. Mackenzie .
no_relation	Norfolk	Notre Dame High School	The Roman Catholic Diocese of East Anglia Norfolk County Council and the Department for Education all support Notre Dame High School .
no_relation	Tex Beneke	Glenn Miller	A second version was released with Tex Beneke in the dialogue with Glenn Miller from a June 20 1938 NBC radio broadcast from the Paradise Restaurant in New York City featuring Gail Reese on lead vocals .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Lithuania	Valdas Adamkus	This initiative was encouraged by President of Lithuania Valdas Adamkus Prime Minister of Lithuania Algirdas Brazauskas and President of Poland Aleksander Kwa?niewski whose representative Andrzej Majkowski together with Lithuanian president and prime minister was present at the reconciliation ceremony .
org:alternate_names(e1,e2)	MC Lyte	Brooklyn	MC Lyte - Brooklyn 3 .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	Chen Shui-bian	Taipei	On 21 March 1996 when Chen Shui-bian was the mayor of Taipei Chieh-shou Road was renamed Ketagalan Boulevard and the surrounding square was renamed Ketagalan Square in honor of the Ketagalan Taiwanese aborigines originally living in the Taipei area .
per:title(e1,e2)	Harold L. Ickes	Interior	In 1933 Harold L. Ickes the newly-appointed Secretary of the United States Department of the Interior selected Straus as a personal aide and handler of the Cabinet secretary's press relations .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	New Balance	United States of America	New Balance Athletic Shoe Inc. ( NBAS ) best known as simply New Balance is an American footwear manufacturer based in the Brighton neighborhood of Boston Massachusetts United States of America .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Rhode Island	Samuel G. Arnold	It was a special time in Rhode Island 's history described by Rhode Island historian and Lieutenant Governor Samuel G. Arnold as such : .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	William Tubman	True Whig	In the presidential election William Tubman of the True Whig Party was the only candidate and was re-elected unopposed .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	California	Clair Engle	To break a filibuster Johnson had California Democrat Clair Engle who was dying of a brain tumor wheeled onto the Senate floor .
no_relation	Glenn Miller	Tex Beneke	Episodes featured guest musicians and a particular theme such as the debut which featured Glenn Miller 's brand of music and guests Tex Beneke and The Modernaires .
org:founded_by(e1,e2)	Open Doors	Brother Andrew	Open Doors also strives to raise awareness of global persecution mobilising prayer support and action among Christians from around the world.Our Mission Values | Open Doors USA Open Doors was founded in 1955 by Andrew van der Bijl a Dutchman more widely known as Brother Andrew when he decided to smuggle Bibles to Christians he felt were being discriminated against in the then-Soviet Poland .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Sharif	Pakistan	Sharif named Kalsoom as the President of Pakistan Muslim League in 1999 .
no_relation	my	Harvard Law School	There was a part of me that began to doubt my own abilities and to ignore my own truth what I knew to be true about me said Obama who ultimately graduated from Princeton University and Harvard Law School .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e2,e1)	Washington	Calvin Johnson	Dub Narcotic Sound System ( D.N.S.S. ) is an Olympia Washington based indie-funk musical group founded by Calvin Johnson signed to K Records .
org:members(e2,e1)	BC Electric	BC Hydro	In 1961 BC Electric became part of BC Hydro a Crown corporation before the transit system was moved to the crown agency that would become BC Transit .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	Temple City Unified School District	Temple City High School	The Temple City Unified School District consists of seven schools including La Rosa Cloverly Emperor and Longden Elementary Schools ; Oak Avenue Intermediate School ; Temple City High School ; and the Doug Sears Learning Center .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e2,e1)	Kentucky	Mitch McConnell	And let's not forget that our dramatic Kentucky victories came in the home state of Mike Duncan the RNC chief and Mitch McConnell the Senate minority leader .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	UMK	Kelantan	UMK has three campuses in the state of Kelantan : These facilities can be found on each campus : http://www.umk.edu.my/version2012/2012-04-16-14-46-35/2012-04-11-16-15-04/kemudahan.html UMK offers the following programs : http://fiat.umk.edu.my/BI/index.php/academic-programme/postgraduate http://fkp.umk.edu.my/v1/index.php/academic-programmes/undergraduates-programmes.html http://fpv.umk.edu.my/BM/index.php/program-akademik/shop UMK also provides the following general courses : Co-curricular activities like participation in sports teams are also recognised as academic courses and are invigilated by the Centre for Language Studies and Human Development .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Ethiopia	Ethiopian Air Force	In 1944 Thompson was sent to Ethiopia to serve as the founding commander of the Imperial Ethiopian Air Force and head up nation's air force academy .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	Kmart	Kmart Australia	Kmart also exists in Australia and New Zealand ( see Kmart Australia ) although it now has no relation to the American stores except in name after U.S. equity in the Australian business was purchased in the late 1970s .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Guyana	Cheddi Jagan	In 1996 he was recalled to Guyana by the late President Dr. Cheddi Jagan to serve as a minister within the Ministry of Agriculture .
per:title(e1,e2)	Mathieu	President	Following the election Mathieu was re-elected President ( unopposed ) by the Assembly on 2 August .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	e European University Institut	n Florenc	Cviji? holds an undergraduate degree in Law from the University of Belgrade's Law School ( Serbia ) an MA in International Relations and European Studies from the Central European University ( Budapest Hungary ) and a PhD from the Law Department of th e European University Institut e i n Florenc e ( Italy ) .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Lyndon B. Johnson	Texas	Lyndon B. Johnson often hosted members of Congress at his Texas ranch .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Alexander Ramsey	Minnesota	Alexander Ramsey Minnesota 's governor in 1861 was in Washington D.C. when Fort Sumter was fired upon .
per:spouse(e1,e2)	Catherine	Henry	Catherine and Henry were married at the Parish Church of St John or at Troyes Cathedral on 2 June 1420 .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	1st Cavalry Division	Texas	July 27 2006 : 1st Brigade 1st Cavalry Division Fort Hood Texas 4th Brigade 1st Cavalry Division Fort Hood Texas Regimental Combat Team 2 Camp Lejeune North Carolina Regimental Combat Team 6 Camp Lejeune North Carolina 1st Brigade 3rd Infantry Division from Fort Stewart Georgia has been placed in a prepare-to-deploy status for possible deployment later this year .
per:origin(e1,e2)	Thomas Wolsey	England	Thomas Wolsey Cardinal Archbishop of York and Lord Chancellor of England funded his ' College of St Mary ' by suppressing ' local religious houses such as Rumburgh Priory.Page William ( 1975 ) ' Houses of Benedictine monks : Priory of Rumburgh ' A History of the County of Suffolk : Volume 2 '' pp. 77-79 ( available online ) .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	Skerik	Seattle	Skerik 's Syncopated Taint Septet ( also known as SST7 ) is a jazz ensemble formed in Seattle Washington in 2002 .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Acadian Lines	New Brunswick	Acadian Lines was a Canadian coach operator based in Moncton New Brunswick .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	M. G. Ramachandran	Tamil Nadu	M. Karunanidhi and Thiru M. G. Ramachandran were the Chief Ministers of Tamil Nadu .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	France	Sarkozy	Marseille the second-largest city of France went Sarkozy 's way overall as he won 34.25 % of the vote to 27.1 % for Royal and only 14.1 % for Bayrou ( putting a close third ahead of Le Pen who obtained 13.4 % ) .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Eighth Air Force	Louisiana	Lieutenant General E.G. Buck Shuler Jr. ( born 1936 ) was commander of Strategic Air Command's Eighth Air Force in Barksdale Air Force Base Louisiana .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Oasis	Gem Archer	On 25 May 2010 the official Oasis website announced that Lillywhite was working with Liam Gallagher Gem Archer Andy Bell and Chris Sharrock on material for their new band Beady Eye .
per:title(e1,e2)	Patricio Manns	novelist	Patricio Manns ( born August 3 1937 ) is a Chilean composer author poet novelist essayist play writer and journalist .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	England	Ambrose	With an hour left on the fourth evening for England to bat Ambrose took six wickets to leave England 40 for eight at the close of play ; the next morning they were bowled out for 46 and Ambrose had figures of six for 24 in the innings and match figures of 11 for 84 .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Rufino Tamayo	Mexico	He was notable for his restoration of historic buildings in and together with Rufino Tamayo and Francisco Toledo helped make Oaxaca in Southern Mexico a centre for contemporary art and tourism .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	Club Deportivo Guadalajara	Guadalajara	It consisted of clubs such as Club Deportivo Guadalajara Atlas de Guadalajara Club Nacional de Guadalajara Club Marte Club Latino Club and Club Oriente .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Hahn	Los Angeles	Hahn was on the Los Angeles City Council from 1947 to 1952 .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	European Parliament	Simone Veil	410 MEPs were elected and at their first meeting they elected a new President of the European Parliament ; Simone Veil a French liberal who was the first woman to be elected to the post.Election of the President of the European Parliament European Parliament The new Parliament galvanised by direct election and new powers started working full-time and became more active than the previous assemblies .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	RTV Pink	Serbia	The company is the owner of : Pink Television known as TV Pink or RTV Pink ( the leading commercial television station in Serbia ) ; Radio Pink ( a successful radio station covering Belgrade ) ; Fashion TV Southeast Europe Fashion TV SEE or FTV SEE ( regional channel franchise from Fashion TV International ) ; and PFI Studios ( international film production studios ) .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Hosni Mubarak	Egypt	Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak announced on Monday that Egypt will start a program to set up several power-generating nuclear stations in Egypt local media reported .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Lebanon	Fouad Siniora	Lebanon will play a basic role in building permanent and comprehensive peace in the Middle East Mitchell said after meeting Prime Minister Fouad Siniora .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Alicia Alonso	Cuba	Back in Cuba in 1948 he co-founded with Alicia and Fernando Alonso the Ballet Alicia Alonso which would eventually become the Ballet Nacional de Cuba being its artistic director and choreographer .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	George Washington	Continental Army	During the Revolutionary War the meeting house was used as an outpost for General George Washington 's Continental Army .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Miguel de Legazpi	Spain	When in 1564 Augustinians were being chosen to accompany de Urdaneta OSA on the royal expedition to the Philippines that was to sail from Mexico under the command of Don Miguel de Legazpi his Father Provincial ( or regional religious superior ) in Spain asked that de Rada should stay in Mexico until it is known about the success of the Armada .
per:cities_of_residence(e2,e1)	Chicago	Benjamin Wright Raymond	He became the 4th Mayor of Chicago in 1840 defeating Benjamin Wright Raymond .
org:alternate_names(e1,e2)	TAM Airlines	TAM	The TAM Airlines Wings of a Dream Museum ( Museu TAM ) is in Carlos from central Carlos .
per:spouse(e1,e2)	John Adams	Abigail Smith Adams	The memorial will honor John Adams ; his wife Abigail Smith Adams ; their son John Quincy Adams the nation's sixth president and his wife Louisa Catherine Johnson Adams .
per:country_of_birth(e1,e2)	Taylor	Liberia	Taylor and Johnson were allies in the early 1980s but they later fell out with Johnson forming a rival organisation to Taylor's National Patriotic Front of Liberia ( NPFL ) .
org:members(e1,e2)	G-Unit	Lloyd Banks	The charismatic New York rapper launched a G-Unit record label which had top selling debuts from entourage members like Lloyd Banks and G-Unit clothes which have adorned everything from baby tees to backpacks .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Democrat	Jeff Merkley	He was opposed by Democrat Jeff Merkley the Speaker of the Oregon House of Representatives and David Brownlow of the Constitution Party of Oregon .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Luxembourg	Jean-Claude Juncker	The EU's reforming Lisbon Treaty will probably not be in place in time for European elections next year but could come into force in Janaury 2010 Luxembourg 's Prime Minister Jean-Claude Juncker said Wednesday .
org:top_members/employees(e1,e2)	Houston Police Department	Charles R. McClelland	He was on the phone with a Houston Police Department assistant police chief ( Charles R. McClelland - now the HPD chief since 2010 ) when arranging the surrender of cop shooter Derrick Forney .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Chuan Leekpai	Thailand	Chuan Leekpai ( ; RTGS : Chuan Likphai ; born July 28 1938 in Trang ) was the Prime Minister of Thailand from September 20 1992 to May 19 1995 and again from November 9 1997 to February 9 2001 .
org:top_members/employees(e2,e1)	Kroenke	Colorado Rapids	Kroenke bought 12 percent of the club in April and initially faced hostility from board members who feared a foreign takeover but Kroenke who owns the NBA's Denver Nuggets the NHL's Colorado Avalanche and the Colorado Rapids of Major League Soccer visited Arsenal on Wednesday .
org:founded(e1,e2)	Plaxton	1907	The Plaxton of today is the successor to a business founded in Scarborough in 1907 by Frederick William Plaxton .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Daimler	Stuttgart	Mercedes has an older Simplex but it's in the Mercedes-Benz Museum near Daimler 's Stuttgart headquarters .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Japan	Crystal Kay	She is currently attending Sophia University in Tokyo Japan along with Crystal Kay and Beni Arashiro .
no_relation	University of the Philippines	Philippine General Hospital	University of the Philippines Manila-National Telehealth Center 3rd Floor I.T. Complex Philippine General Hospital Compound Taft Avenue 1000 MANILA Philippines Telefax no : +00 63 2 522 9231 Mobile PLDT landline : (02) 6929711 Mobile : +63 915 8501111 Website : http://www.iosn.net List : http://lists.iosn.net/mailman/listinfo/iosn-general .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Howard	Atlantic	By 1992 Howard was no longer a recording artist with Atlantic she was now signed on as an artist with Giant Records .
org:members(e1,e2)	Ministry of Defense	4th Division	A spokesman for Iraq's Ministry of Defense Mohammed al-Askari identified the Iraqi soldier as Soran Rhaman Falih Wali and the unit as the 4th Division of the Iraqi army .
no_relation	John	Eleanor Roosevelt	The tension was exacerbated when John and his family moved into Stone Cottage next door to Eleanor Roosevelt 's home at Val-Kill that same year .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Roxana Luca	Romania	Roxana Luca Romania 65.43 .
org:founded_by(e1,e2)	Jehovah	Charles Taze Russell	The Watchtower Bible And Tract Society ( the controlling parent organization of the Jehovah 's Witnesses ) has a long history of fraud and deception starting way back with its founder Charles Taze Russell .
org:top_members/employees(e2,e1)	Joshua Greene	Wine Spirits	Joshua Greene Wine Spirits editor publisher and president says he and his staff share a similar sensibility and taste .
no_relation	Burnside	Mississippi	Burnside learned music largely from Mississippi Fred McDowell who lived nearby in an adjoining county .
no_relation	SAF Advanced Schools	Singapore	Officers from the Singapore Army Republic of Singapore Navy and Republic of Singapore Air Force begin their training at the Officer Cadet School ( OCS ) before proceeding on to the SAF Advanced Schools and the Singapore Command and Staff College ( SCSC ) at various stages of their careers .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e2,e1)	Ontario	Frank Miller	He was a Progressive Conservative member of the Legislative Assembly of Ontario from 1977 to 1990 and served as a cabinet minister in the government of Frank Miller .
per:origin(e1,e2)	Zhai	Chinese	Zhai and other two colleagues all 42 were chosen from the first group of 14 Chinese astronauts selected in 1998 .
org:members(e1,e2)	Canadian Junior Football League	Saskatoon Hilltops	Canadian Junior Football League has two Saskatchewan teams competing in the Prairie Football Conference ; Saskatoon Hilltops and Regina Prairie Thunder .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Guy Verhofstadt	Belgium	Outgoing Prime Minister Guy Verhofstadt was to consult with King Albert on Monday amid signs he could set up an emergency government to lead Belgium out of the political crisis between French - and Dutch-speakers the premier's office said .
per:title(e1,e2)	Jin	novelist	With his 15 reputed masterpieces Jin also known as Louis Cha has built a reputation as the finest Wuxia novelist ever in Chinese-speaking societies including Southeast Asia and the United States .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Santiago	Venezuela	The famous Venezuelan revolutionary Santiago who later joined forces with Bolivar and was instrumental in the liberation of Venezuela from Spanish rule used Chacachacare as a base for his successful 1813 invasion of Venezuela with a tiny band of 45 Patriots .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Shankar	ha  -	His son Bhism Shankar Tewari is currently Member of Parliament Detailed Profile - Shri Bhismshankar Alias Kushal Tiwari - Members of Parliament ( Lok Sab ha - Who's Who - Government : National Portal of India having won from Sant Kabir Nagar seat west of Gorakhpur by a margin of votes ( 3.6 % ) .
per:country_of_birth(e1,e2)	Sani Abacha	Nigeria	Maryam Abacha ( born 4 March 1947 Kaduna ) is the widow of Sani Abacha de facto President of Nigeria from 1993 to 1998 .
org:founded(e2,e1)	1088	University of Bologna	Italy became also a seat of great formal learning in 1088 with the establishment of the University of Bologna the first university in Europe .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	United Kingdom	Harold Wilson	Local elections were held in the United Kingdom in 1974 during the life of the minority Labour government of Harold Wilson .
per:spouse(e2,e1)	Olive Palmer	his	Diefenbaker later married Olive Palmer his wife during his term as Prime Minister .
no_relation	St Germain	Laye	The Marcel Roby is a French middle school located in St Germain en Laye just on the outskirts of Paris France .
no_relation	1977	Luciana	In addition to having become a well-known presence on screen Annis has enjoyed a successful stage career playing many leading roles with the Royal Shakespeare Company starting with playing Juliet in Romeo and Juliet in 1977 alongside Ian McKellen she even acted in Luciana in Trevor Nunn's musical version of The Comedy of Errors .
org:top_members/employees(e1,e2)	Reserve Bank of New Zealand	Alan Bollard	Reserve Bank of New Zealand governor Alan Bollard on Thursday indicated that the Bank could start tightening monetary policy in the middle of next year earlier than previously expected .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	England	Nigel Lythgoe	' Early Life Born in North London England to choreographer Nigel Lythgoe and dancer Bonita Lythgoe he grew up in Cuffley Hertfordshire .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Mikhail Gorbachev	Soviet Union	- 1988 : With the advent of reform under Soviet leader Mikhail Gorbachev the couple returns to the Soviet Union .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Ho Chi Minh	Vietnam	Two hours into a flight from Ho Chi Minh City to Sydney on Saturday the pilot was forced to return to Vietnam so the passenger could receive emergency medical treatment said Nguyen Van Quat the administrative head of the Southern Airport Authorities .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	r Gheorghe Gheorghiu-De	in Roman	As historian Vladimir Tism?neanu argues this was made possible by the Soviet agents and their relations with the group around emerging Communist leade r Gheorghe Gheorghiu-De j : if one does not grasp the role of political thugs such as the Soviet spies Pintilie Bodnarenko ( Pantiu?a ) and Alexandru Nikolski in the exercise of terror in Roman ia during the most horrible Stalinist period and their personal connections with Gheorghe Gheorghiu-Dej and members of his entourage it is difficult to understand the origins and the role of the Securitate .
no_relation	Barrett	David Gilmour	As a psychedelic band led by Syd Barrett in the late 1960s Pink Floyd had moderate mainstream success and were one of the most popular bands in the London underground music scene ; however Barrett 's erratic behaviour eventually forced his colleagues to replace him with guitarist and singer David Gilmour .
no_relation	Bashar al-Assad	Damascus	Muallem is to deliver an invitation to Lebanese President Michel Sleiman from his Syrian counterpart Bashar al-Assad to visit Damascus a trip the Lebanese press said would take place within a week or 10 days .
org:alternate_names(e1,e2)	All Nippon Airways	ANA	was a low-cost airline based on the grounds of Fukuoka Airport in Hakata-ku Fukuoka Fukuoka Prefecture Japan and a wholly owned subsidiary of All Nippon Airways ( ANA ) .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	SpeakerCraft	Riverside	SpeakerCraft is an American manufacturer of custom-installed audio/video and home theater products based in Riverside California .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	China Airlines	Mandarin Airlines	The cooperation is between the only airlines headquartered in the economic zone on the western side of the Taiwan Strait and the China Airlines Group Taiwan's largest airlines and the parent company of Mandarin Airlines said Sun H.H. president of China Airlines .
no_relation	DJ	Audi	- Emotional farewell for Christian Abt - Former DTM Champion Laurent Aiello as DJ - Lexington Bridge visits Audi .
org:alternate_names(e1,e2)	UCSF	University of California	6 Molecular graphics images were produced using the UCSF Chimera package from the Resource for Biocomputing Visualization and Informatics at the University of California San Francisco ( supported by NIH P41 RR-01081 ) .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Forbes Burnham	Guyana	Mayfield was then an aide to Forbes Burnham the President of Guyana between 1971 and 1974 .
per:title(e2,e1)	President	Hifikepunye Pohamba	Namibian President Hifikepunye Pohamba has been re-elected after winning more than 75 percent of the vote in last week's elections according to official results released Friday .
org:city_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Seattle	University of Washington	The Scary Movie and Scary Movie 2 star got her start as a 9 - year-old at Seattle Repertory Theatre graduated from the University of Washington with a degree in English literature and headed to Los Angeles with the idea she 'd give herself a year to make a career in movies before moving to her backup plan .
org:members(e2,e1)	Kitchener Spirit	Canadian Soccer League	Since retiring as a player Ferguson has served as the head coach for the Kitchener Spirit of the Canadian Soccer League from 1990 1991 and for Canada's Cerebral Palsy ( CP-ISRA ) 7-a-side squad at the 2005 and 2007 World Championship .
no_relation	Mike Allen	Brown Road	U.S. Senator Susan Collins and Canadian MP Mike Allen proposed that U.S. border officials establish a new seasonal border checkpoint on Brown Road .
org:founded_by(e2,e1)	Stephen A. Schwarzman	Blackstone Group	LBMB was founded just a year after Lehman's Pete Peterson and Stephen A. Schwarzman left the bank to found The Blackstone Group and at the same time that similar groups were founded at other investment banks including Goldman Sachs Capital Partners Morgan Stanley Capital Partners and DLJ Merchant Banking Partners .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Armenia	Serzh Sargsyan	Andrea Bocelli gave a concert for the occasion with guests including the President of Russia Dmitry Medvedev ; the President of Ukraine Viktor Yanukovych ; the President of Turkey Abdullah ; the President of Belarus Alexander Lukashenko ; the President of Armenia Serzh Sargsyan ; the President of Tajikistan Emomalii Rahmon ; the President of Kyrgyzstan Roza Otunbayeva ; the Crown prince of Abu Dhabi Mohammed bin Zayed Al Nahyan ; and the King of Jordan Abdullah II .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Carl Linnaeus	Sweden	Jane Goodall renowned for her work on African primates and naturalist David Attenborough will receive honorary doctorates commemorating Swedish botanist and zoologist Carl Linnaeus Sweden 's Uppsala University said on Tuesday .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Bolivia	Luis Adolfo Siles Salinas	Even after Barrientos ' death Guevara Arze continued as Bolivia 's ambassador to the United Nations under Presidents Luis Adolfo Siles Salinas and Alfredo Ovando until 1970 .
per:origin(e1,e2)	Rick Moranis	Canadian	In addition to episodes of the series Sons and Daughters and The Edison Twins he co-wrote and was Associate Producer on the television movie Hockey Night starring Megan Follows and Rick Moranis for the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation and the award-winning short drama The Umpire for the National Film Board of Canada .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Lebanon	Sporting Al Riyadi Beirut	Ali Fakhreddine ( born in Lebanon on April 3 1983 ) is a professional Lebanese basketball player who is currently a member of Lebanese Basketball League team Sporting Al Riyadi Beirut .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Iran	Iran Air	United Nations Security Council resolution 616 adopted unanimously on 20 July 1988 after hearing representations from the Islamic Republic of Iran the Council expressed its distress at the downing of Iran Air Flight 655 over the Strait of Hormuz by a missile from the USS Vincennes during the conflict between Iran and Iraq .
org:members(e2,e1)	United States	volleyball World League	The United States claimed their first victory in this year's FIVB men's volleyball World League in Week Two of the 2010 World League Intercontinental Round on Friday .
org:top_members/employees(e2,e1)	he	Syracuse Orange	Following his time with the Packers he worked as a Running Backs Coach with the Mississippi State Bulldogs Florida Gators Tennessee Volunteers and Syracuse Orange .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Grey Coat Hospital	London	The Grey Coat Hospital is a Church of England secondary school with academy status for girls in Westminster London England .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Hampshire College	Amherst	Born in Falmouth Massachusetts in 1970 Nicole Cohen received a Bachelor of Arts degree from Hampshire College in Amherst Massachusetts and a Master of Fine Arts degree from the University of Southern California .
no_relation	Fort Benning	Infantry	He returned to Fort Benning in 1978 as Deputy Director for Combat Developments United States Army Infantry School and later as Commander 197th Infantry Brigade .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	UK	Official Nintendo Magazine	The UK Official Nintendo Magazine gave the games 92 % and GameSpy gave them a 4.5 / 5 .
per:spouse(e1,e2)	Jolie	Billy Bob Thornton	We try to schedule time when we 're alone says Jolie who sports various tattoos wore a vial of Billy Bob Thornton 's blood around her neck during their marriage and was blamed for Pitt's divorce from Jennifer Aniston -- which Pitt has denied .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Mark Barry	BBMak	Singer Mark Barry of BBMak is 31 .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	John Frusciante	Red Hot Chili Peppers	Guitarist John Frusciante of the Red Hot Chili Peppers is 40 .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Pakistan	Pervez Musharraf	The Supreme Court of Pakistan on Thursday while putting up objections returned a constitutional petition seeking trial of former President Pervez Musharraf under Article 6 of the Constitution of Pakistan the local NNI news agency reported .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Samuel Cate Prescott	Massachusetts Institute of Technology	This award is named for Samuel Cate Prescott ( 1872-1962 ) a food science professor from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology who was also the first president of IFT .
no_relation	SunExpress	Turkey	The German SunExpress will strengthen the existing service offered between Germany and Turkey and will operate the companies traditional home routes between Frankfurt and Antalya as well as the new nonstop routes between several German cities and 8 aspiring Turkish cities with the best of flight times for vacationers from Germany .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Yousaf Raza Gillani	Pakistan	At a London news conference Pakistani Prime Minister Yousaf Raza Gillani sparred with reporters who asked him to respond to British and U.S. charges that Pakistan has been lax in locating al-Qaida leader Osama bin Laden in sanctuaries along its western border with Afghanistan .
per:alternate_names(e2,e1)	Juventud	Juventud Guerrera	When Juventud also left AAA the de Box y Lucha Libre decided that the titles belonged to Los Guerreras and nullified the reign of Juventud Guerrera and Psicosis .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Nepal	Prachanda	M. K. Nepal was elected in the post on May 23 2009 after the Unified Communist Party of Nepal ( Maoist ) Chairman Prachanda resigned on May 4 following a row over sacking of the then Chief of Army Staff Rookmangud Katawal .
org:alternate_names(e2,e1)	British Columbia	BC Hydro	To enable development of major hydroelectric sites on the Columbia and Peace Rivers the BC government under Premier W. A. C. Bennett bought BC Electric in 1961 and the following year merged it with the BCPC to create the British Columbia Hydro and Power Authority commonly known as BC Hydro .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Pakistan	Shah Mehmood Qureshi	The prime ministers of India and Pakistan held very positive talks Thursday in Bhutan Pakistan's Foreign Minister Shah Mehmood Qureshi said adding that he would meet his Indian counterpart soon .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Worcestershire	Stanley Baldwin	At the 1892 general election Baldwin was elected as MP for Bewdley in Worcestershire holding the seat until his death when he was succeeded by his only child Stanley Baldwin who later became prime minister of the United Kingdom .
per:origin(e2,e1)	American	Murphy	After the American victory in London newspapers credited Murphy as the man behind the dominance of American track and field athletes .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Joe	United States	Scott Strausbaugh and Joe Jacobi United States 1992 Barcelona Olympics .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Hans Hedtoft	Social Democrats	On 30 September 1953 Hedtoft was able to return as Prime Minister and formed the Cabinet of Hans Hedtoft II consisting only of the Social Democrats .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Dartmouth College	New Hampshire	He graduated from Dartmouth College Hanover New Hampshire in 1812 and served in the War of 1812 under Governor William L. Marcy .
per:spouse(e1,e2)	Kim Il-sung	Kim Jong-suk	General Kim Kyong-hui ( born 30 May 1946 ) is the daughter of the former leader of North Korea Kim Il-sung and his first wife Kim Jong-suk and the sister of the late leader of North Korea Kim Jong-il .
per:title(e2,e1)	Interior	Juan Camilo	Blake Mora's last Twitter post before his death recalled the previous death of the former Secretary of Interior Juan Camilo : The question of whether this incident was a mere coincidence or a conspiracy has been discussed in numerous newspapers blogs and other internet sites .
org:top_members/employees(e2,e1)	Cele Goldsmith	Fantastic	At the end of the 1950s Cele Goldsmith took over as editor of both Fantastic and Amazing and quickly invigorated the magazines bringing in many new writers and making them in the words of one science fiction historian the best-looking and brightest magazines in the field .
org:members(e1,e2)	Division I	Florida Gulf Coast University	The Florida Gulf Coast Eagles college basketball team competes in the National Collegiate Athletic Association ( NCAA ) Division I representing the Florida Gulf Coast University in the Atlantic Sun Conference .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	University of Wisconsin-Madison	WI	~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ Jeff Miller senior photographer Email : jbmil . . @wisc.edu University Communications University of Wisconsin-Madison Phone : 608/262 -0067 711 State Street Suite 200 Madison WI 53703 Fax : 608/262 -9065 .
org:members(e2,e1)	club	Northern Counties East League	The club are currently members of the Northern Counties East League Premier Division and play at Inkersall Road .
no_relation	Bangko Sentral ng Pilipinas	Philippines	Among the founding members were Gabriel Singson ( later governor of the Bangko Sentral ng Pilipinas or BSP ) Teofisto Guingona Jr. ( later Vice President of the Philippines ) and Raul Boncan ( later a member of the BSP's Monetary Board ) .
per:cities_of_residence(e2,e1)	Athens	The Method Actors	Little Figures is the first full-length LP by Athens Georgia's The Method Actors .
org:founded(e2,e1)	1989	Saab Automobile	In the mid-1980s the new Saab 9000 was launched and in 1989 the Saab car division of Saab-Scania was restructured into an independent company Saab Automobile AB ; General Motors ( GM ) with an investment of US$ 600 million owned 50 % .
per:spouse(e1,e2)	her	Desi Arnaz	When CBS asked Ball to do a television version of the show she insisted that her husband Desi Arnaz play her husband on the show .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Interserve	UK	Interserve plc is a UK based engineering and support services company headquartered in Reading Berkshire .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e2,e1)	Oregon	Jeff Merkley	Across the country Sen. Gordon Smith of Oregon among the most moderate Republicans in the Senate conceded defeat on Thursday to his Democratic rival Jeff Merkley in a phone call .
no_relation	he	Idaho	He chaired the Senate Veterans Affairs Committee and was a senior member of the Appropriations Committee where he was adept at securing federal money for Idaho projects .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Democratic Progressive Party	Chai Trong-rong	The group of Democratic Progressive Party legislators led by Chai Trong-rong were demanding that the MOEA recall the brochures immediately .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Finland	Ryti	The relatively limited space given to Nazi German propaganda and ideology or their domestic sympathizer fringe groups in Finland can probably be seen as one of the many important joint contributions of Ryti Tanner and Mannerheim .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	India	DD National	Major events like Republic Day Parade Independence Day Celebrations National Award Presentation ceremonies President and Prime Minister addresses to the Nation President address to the joint session of Parliament important Parliamentary debates Railway and General Budget presentations Question Hour in Lok Sabha and Rajya Sabha Election results and analysis swearing-in ceremonies President and Prime Minister visits abroad and visits of important foreign dignitaries to India are covered live on DD National .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Khmer Rouge	Pol Pot	Khmer Rouge leader Pol Pot knew spying confessions from tortured prisoners were false the regime's jail chief told Cambodia's UN-backed war crimes trial Tuesday .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Ambrose	Londoners	But Darren Ambrose who could be one of several Palace players sold in the close-season as the cash-strapped Londoners bid to come out of administration edged Palace closer to safety when he buried a right-footed finish in the 62nd minute .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Osho	India	Deva met her partner in life and music Miten at the Osho Ashram in Pune India in 1990 and they have been touring together since 1992 offering concerts and chant workshops worldwide .
org:top_members/employees(e2,e1)	Christian Argenti	Invertigo	The three Leigh brothers however found vocalist Christian Argenti as their new lead singer and reformed with the slightly different name of Invertigo in 2000 .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Guns N ' Roses	Robin Finck	The ink drawings featured in the album's artwork are by Nine Inch Nails and Guns N ' Roses guitarist Robin Finck .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e2,e1)	Ontario	Sheila Copps	Traditionally a conservative area outside Hamilton it went for the Liberals in their sweeps of Ontario from 1993 to 2000 with the populatity of local left-leaning Liberal Sheila Copps and the prominence of her parents ( Victor and Geraldine ) at the municipal level in Hamilton being major factors .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	He	London	He told us he lives in London with his brother and parents .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	University of Tsukuba	Japan	Prof. Shiba is Professor Emeritus of University of Tsukuba in Japan Advisory Professor Shanghai Jiao Tong University China and Distinguished Honorary Professor Indian Institute of Technology Kanpur .
per:country_of_birth(e1,e2)	Tamayo	Mexico	Tamayo was born in 1899 in the Mexican state of Oaxaca and studied at Mexico 's School of Fine Arts .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Mani Ratnam	India	Mani Ratnam is an Indian film director screenwriter and producer who is well known for his work in Tamil cinema based in Chennai India .
no_relation	Treat	johansson	1993 Bjarne Johansson played as a guest musician in a new version of Shotgun Messiah with the stage name BJ and abandoned thus Swedish Erotica and was replaced by Jamie Borger recently Treat but also the very first drummer in Swedish Beauty the same person who earlier had persuaded johansson to leave the band in favor of Treat .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Kurupt	Death Row	Dupree was guarding rapper Ricardo Kurupt Brown future executive vice president of Death Row Records who was finishing his album Tha Streetz Iz a Mutha with Antra Records .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Creighton University	Nebraska	Similarly Creighton University in Omaha Nebraska lists students ' rights but renders them meaningless by explaining that the school can deviate from . . . this handbook at any time .
org:members(e2,e1)	Bryant Bulldogs	Division I	The 2012 2013 Bryant Bulldogs men's basketball team represented Bryant University during the 2012 13 NCAA Division I men's basketball season .
per:spouse(e1,e2)	Chad Michael Murray	Sophia Bush	Chad Michael Murray and new wife Sophia Bush looked so happy on the red carpet of the House of Wax premiere : .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Minhaj-ul-Quran	Lahore	It was established on 3 December 2005 by Muhammad Tahir-ul-Qadri and is based at the headquarters of Minhaj-ul-Quran International in Lahore Pakistan .
org:alternate_names(e1,e2)	APESMA	Association of Professional Engineers	APESMA began as The Association of Professional Engineers Australia ( APEA ) which formed in 1946 and registered as an industrial association in 1948 .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Evans Sutherland	Salt Lake City	Much of the early work on these methods was done in Ivan Sutherland's graphics group at the University of Utah and at the Evans Sutherland company in Salt Lake City .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Kuomintang	Ma Ying-jeou	On April 25 2010 Tsai participated in a televised debate against President and Kuomintang chairman Ma Ying-jeou over a proposed trade deal with China .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	Dubai World	Istithmar World	Dubai World 's private equity division Istithmar World for example has had to defend itself against media reports in recent days that it is in trouble .
org:founded_by(e1,e2)	Maryland Terrapins	University of Maryland	The 2012 13 Maryland Terrapins men's basketball team represented the University of Maryland College Park in 2012 13 NCAA Division I men's basketball season as a member of the Atlantic Coast Conference ( ACC ) .
no_relation	Michigan Department	April 19 1917	The Michigan Department of State Police began as a temporary wartime emergency force for the purpose of domestic security during World War I. On April 19 1917 Governor Albert Sleeper created the Michigan State Troops Permanent Force ( also known as the Michigan State Constabulary ) .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Cooper Union	New York	The Cooper Union for the Advancement of Science and Art commonly referred to simply as Cooper Union is a privately funded college in the East Village neighborhood of Manhattan New York City located at Cooper Square and Astor Place .
per:origin(e1,e2)	Dimitri Kirilov	Russian	Dimitri Kirilov ( ) ( born November 24 1978 in St. Petersburg Russia ) is a Russian professional boxer .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	India	Bank of India	India 's central bank the Reserve Bank of India cut its key short-term lending rate Saturday by 50 basis points to 7.50 percent to spur economic growth in Asia's third-largest economy .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	Boston University	Terriers	Hilary F. Mahaney Sr. ( February 17 1902 August 30 1969 ) was the head coach for the Boston University Terriers football team in 1930 and 1931 .
no_relation	He	Hawthorn	He again topped Hawthorn 's goalkicking the following season with 63 goals .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Dole	Kansas	Dole a Republican from Kansas who was seriously wounded in World War II and Shalala a Democrat who served in the Clinton administration brought credibility and bipartisanship to the commission at a time when the Bush administration is being criticized for its conduct of the Iraq war .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	Tommy Stewart	Birmingham	Tommy Stewart is an American trumpeter arranger producer composer and pianist residing in Birmingham Alabama .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Edward the Confessor	England	The Saga ( in full Saga konungs hins helga ) is an Icelandic saga about the life of Edward the Confessor King of England ( 1042 1066 ) .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Stafford	Capitol	In late 1965 both Stafford and Weston left Capitol again this time for Dot Records .
org:top_members/employees(e1,e2)	Tesco	Sir Terry Leahy	Tesco Promoting Genetically Modified Food ' Tesco chief executive Sir Terry Leahy has signalled that the retailer is willing to back genetically modified ( GM ) foods saying consumer attitudes have changed and it has a vital part to play .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	RBA	Brunei	RBA Golf Club the first 18-hole public course is close to Brunei International Airport and twenty minutes drive from Bandar Seri Begawan .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Tijuana	Jorge Hank Rhon	Tijuana Mayor Jorge Hank Rhon has welcomed the troops but some residents complained about the military checkpoints in the city .
no_relation	1985	Electric Dreams Software	Back to the Future is the name of a 1985 video game released by Electric Dreams Software for the ZX Spectrum Commodore 64 and Amstrad CPC .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	World Council on Economic Development	Gro Harlem Brundtland	The entire discourse developed at the United Nations in the World Council on Economic Development 's Our Common Future ( also known as the Brundtland Report chaired by former Norwegian Prime Minister Gro Harlem Brundtland but with the ever-wily Willy Brandt as its true ideopolitical godfather ) was a discourse in the service of the interests of European monopolies oligopolies and cartels contending for supremacy in Africa Asia and eastern Europe against U.S. multinational monopolies oligopolies and cartels .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Max Baucus	Montana	In 1974 Williams ran an unsuccessful primary election campaign against now Senator Max Baucus for the Democratic Party nomination for Montana 's U.S. House 1st District Representative .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	FIBA World Championship for Women	Australia	Nancy Darsch served as an assistant coach to the USA National team which competed at the 1994 FIBA World Championship for Women in Sydney Australia .
org:top_members/employees(e1,e2)	Whole Foods Market	John Mackey	KELSO-COLUMN -- AUSTIN Texas -- Looks like high end Whole Foods Market grocery chain CEO John Mackey has stepped in the dolphin-safe purple hull peas this time .
org:city_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Gainesville	Florida Gators	Harvin accepted an athletic scholarship to attend the University of Florida in Gainesville Florida where he played on coach Urban Meyer's Florida Gators football team for three seasons from 2006 to 2008 .
org:top_members/employees(e2,e1)	Bob Rusch	Cadence Magazine	By contrast Bob Rusch writing for Cadence Magazine felt that the box set could have benefitted from being released as four separate albums and described listening it in its entirety as exhausting but also involving and inspiring .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Jane Seymour	England	Laura's direct ancestor Edward Seymour 1st Duke of Somerset was the eldest brother of Henry VIII's queen consort Jane Seymour and had himself declared Lord Protector of England during the minority of their son King Edward VI .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	the Libertines	Rough Trade	She formed a plan ( dubbed Plan A ) to get the Libertines signed to Rough Trade Records within 6 months .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Burma	Ne Win	If the amendment of the constitution had been carried out Burma would have become a federal union and there would have been less power for the military and that means Ne Win 's ambition of controlling the country would not have been realized .
org:alternate_names(e2,e1)	Enskilda	Danske Bank	The banks in Stockholm and County were called Enskilda Bank until May 2011 when they changed name to Danske Bank .
org:members(e2,e1)	Florida State Seminoles	Florida State University	The 2006 Florida State Seminoles football team represented Florida State University during the 2006 college football season .
no_relation	Edgar	Edward the Martyr	This had not previously been an insurmountable obstacle : the earlier kings of England Eadwig Edgar the Peaceful and Edward the Martyr had all come to the throne at a similar age while the Unready had been significantly younger at his accession .
org:founded_by(e1,e2)	Dairy Queen	Warren Buffett	SHANGHAI - International Dairy Queen Inc. the U.S. fast-food and ice-cream chain owned by Warren Buffett 's Berkshire Hathaway Inc. plans to increase its outlets in China by more than 60 percent by the end of next year .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	State	he	In 1933 Hull was appointed Secretary of State by Franklin D. Roosevelt ; he served 11 years until he retired from public office .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Defence	Jaak Aaviksoo	The Estonian Minister of Defence Jaak Aaviksoo awarded the Cross of Merit ( third class ) on September 10 2007 to Alfred for his part in the struggle to establish Estonia sovereignty .
per:country_of_birth(e2,e1)	f Yugoslavi	f Slobodan	Vlajko Stojiljkovi? ( born in 1937 in Mala Krsna Smederevo Kingdom o f Yugoslavi a - died April 13 2002 ) was Yugoslavia's Minister of Internal Affairs from 1997 until the deposal o f Slobodan ?
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Canada	Canadian Forces	{ EXCERPT } Canadian Jewish News Canada With his left hand resting on a Tanach Rabbi Lazer Danzinger right was sworn in as a chaplain for the Canadian Forces by Lt. Col. . .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Philippines	Southern Leyte	Zip Southern Leyte On April 11 2011 the newly completed construction of the much-awaited zip line an environment friendly tourist attraction has now become an added feature of Agas-agas Bridge the tallest bridge in the Philippines located in Sogod Southern Leyte .
per:country_of_birth(e2,e1)	Serbia	Zoran ?in?	During the leadup to the fall 2002 presidential elections in Serbia it became apparent that then-Serbian Prime Minister Zoran ?in? i? did not have the appeal to match who had switched from the federal parliament to the state parliament .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Church	Princeton University	From September 1936 to July 1938 he spent most of his time studying under Church at Princeton University .
per:origin(e2,e1)	Iceland	Paul Oscar	Iceland returned to the Eurovision Song Contest in 1999 after being relegated from the 1998 contest after Paul Oscar came 18th in the 1997 contest singing Minn hinsti dans .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	supermarket	Canada	In a long-running television advertising campaign for the Canadian supermarket chain his theme was a tuba-driven jingle entitled Ba-Dum Ba-Dum which was released as a single by Attic Records in Canada credited to Major Ursus a play on the constellation name Ursa Major which means great bear .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Navy	William Jones	Chauncey wrote in praise of Eckford to Secretary of the Navy William Jones on October 8 1813 saying . . yet as Mr. Eckford has built 4 vessels at this place and has become acquainted with the resources and people of this part of the country I think that he could have built sooner and perhaps cheaper than perhaps any other man and as to his talents as a ship carpenter I am bold to say that there is not his equal in the United States or perhaps the world .
org:city_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Manhattan	Marvel Comics	Lieber by now living in the Tudor City apartment complex in Manhattan began freelancing regularly for the nascent Marvel Comics writing stories for Jack to draw referring to the artist who had co-created Captain America for the company in 1940 and had recently returned for a long exclusive stint in which Kirby would co-create many signature Marvel characters in the Silver Age of Comics .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	KOVAS	Ghetto Beat	February 13 2007 KOVAS released his debut EP The Arrogance of Youth thorough his own digital label Ghetto Beat Productions .
per:origin(e1,e2)	Calyampudi Radhakrishna Rao	American	Calyampudi Radhakrishna Rao FRS known as C R Rao ( born 10 September 1920 ) is an Indian American mathematician and statistician .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	Herald	APN News Media	The Herald is now owned by APN News Media an Australian and New Zealand listed company whose largest shareholder is Ireland-based Independent News Media .
no_relation	Touch	Butthole Surfers	In the early 1980s he worked for Touch Go Records where he signed the Butthole Surfers and the Virgin Prunes among other bands .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	she	Sire	This was her final release from Epic Records as a contractual obligation and was released several months after she signed to Sire Records .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	European Central Bank	Jean-Claude Trichet	The world economy is no longer in free - fall but still remains uncertain said European Central Bank ( ECB ) President Jean-Claude Trichet in an interview with France's RTL radio on Friday .
per:cities_of_residence(e2,e1)	Los Angeles	Manny Marroquin	Recorded by Eugene Toale at the Record Plant in Los Angeles California it was mixed by Manny Marroquin and engineered by Jun Isheseki with further assistance from Blake English and Kenisha Pratt .
org:alternate_names(e1,e2)	Confederation of Workers of Colombia	CTC	The Confederation of Workers of Colombia ( Spanish : de Trabajadores de Colombia CTC ) is a trade union centre in Colombia .
per:country_of_birth(e2,e1)	Mali	Amadou Toumani	In 2003 Mabo the daughter of the President of the Republic of Mali Amadou Toumani completed a course of study at the University of Moncton ; as of 2005 35 students from Mali were enrolled at this institution .
per:origin(e2,e1)	Italian	Mario Draghi	The mood has been ripe for consolidation of the fragmented Italian banking sector since Bank of Italy Governor Mario Draghi last year threw out rules requiring banks to notify the government in advance of mergers .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Oregon	Ron Wyden	Oregon Democratic Senator Ron Wyden opposed the bill after it passed the Senate Judiciary Committee on November 18 2010 saying that unless it is changed he will prevent it from coming to a vote on the full Senate floor this year .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	French Polynesia	Oscar Temaru	( Oceania Flash ) The President of the Assembly of French Polynesia ( Le de de la ) Antony from Oscar Temaru 's coalition government insisted that the parliament should meet on October 25 to elect a new government president ( Le de la ) .
org:members(e2,e1)	Halcones UV Xalapa	Liga Nacional de Baloncesto Profesional	Despite this he joined Halcones UV Xalapa in Mexico's Liga Nacional de Baloncesto Profesional where he played three games .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	The Peninsula School	Victoria	The Peninsula School is an independent co-educational Anglican day and boarding school located in Mount Eliza Victoria Australia .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Hombres G	Spain	Hombres G is a Spanish pop rock band formed in Spain in 1982 .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	European Commission	Jose Manuel Barroso	According to the Lisbon Treaty the EPP ( like all Europarties ) must present as part of the campaign for the European elections a candidate for President of the European Commission ; the EPP already did this prior to the ratification of the Lisbon Treaty by endorsing for a second term Jose Manuel Barroso in April 2009 .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Florida	Florida School for the Deaf and Blind	In August 1998 the Fiolek family moved to St. Augustine Florida so Ashley could attend the Florida School for the Deaf and Blind the largest school of this type in the United States .
org:founded_by(e1,e2)	General Systems	Anatol Rapoport	Her dissertation research focused on the history of systems thinking specifically the lives and work of the five founders of the Society for General Systems Research : Ludwig von Bertalanffy Kenneth Boulding Ralph Gerard James Grier Miller and Anatol Rapoport .
per:alternate_names(e1,e2)	Elizabeth Bowes-Lyon	Elizabeth	Her pupils aside from her sister Adela and her nephew John Vallier included Solomon ; Dame Moura Lympany Harold Samuel Herbert Menges and Lady Elizabeth Bowes-Lyon ( the future Queen Elizabeth HM The Queen Mother ) .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Reinfeldt	Sweden	In the run-up for the Swedish general election of 2006 Reinfeldt as leader of the Moderate Party participated in the creation of the Alliance for Sweden .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Nokia	Finland	The legal skirmish comes three weeks before a key licensing agreement expires between Nokia based in Espoo Finland and Qualcomm which makes chips for mobile phones and collects licensing fees .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	CBS	Warner Bros.	CBS and Warner Bros. hoped that combining their networks ' schedules and affiliate lineups would strengthen The CW into a fifth major broadcast network .
no_relation	Auto	Volkswagen Group	Skoda Auto board member Martin Jahn had held out the prospect of last-ditch negotiations on Sunday to avert a strike at the Volkswagen Group company but Stredula said the talks on Monday had been technical and inconclusive .
org:founded_by(e1,e2)	Google	Sergey Brin	Our search results will be objective and we will not accept payment for inclusion or ranking in them Google co-founders Larry Page and Sergey Brin promised in a 2004 letter spelling out the company's do n't be evil principles .
per:title(e2,e1)	Prime Minister	Nader al-Dahabi	Other heads of state or government at the summit include Kyrgyzstan President Murmanbek Bakiev Palestinian Prime Minister Salam Fayyad Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad Afghan President Hamid Karzai Syrian President Bashar al - Assad Guinea - Bissau President Raimundo Bacai Sanha and Jordanian Prime Minister Nader al-Dahabi .
per:alternate_names(e1,e2)	Her	Liz Anderson	Her first record Too Many Dollars Not Enough Sense a Liz Anderson song was released in 1968 .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Ecuador	Rafael Correa	Two policemen have been killed during the rescue operation launched by Ecuador 's troops into a hospital to free President Rafael Correa on Thursday the Red Cross said .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	santos	Uruguay	Origins of the term may be linked to a statement by Larry Rohter a New York Times reporter in Montevideo who characterized the election of santos as leader of Uruguay as not so much a red tide as a pink one .
per:country_of_birth(e1,e2)	Geir Haarde	Iceland	When the British Prime Minister Gordon Brown met with his Icelandic counterpart Geir Haarde in London on 24 April 2008 this was the first event where Iceland 's problems with its banking sector was discussed at the highest level .
per:title(e1,e2)	Tarja Kaarina Halonen	President	Tarja Kaarina Halonen ( ; born 24 December 1943 ) is a Finnish lawyer who was the 11th President of Finland serving from 2000 to 2012 .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Thomas Jefferson	United States	Martha Wayles Skelton Jefferson born Martha Wayles ( September 6 1782 ) was the wife of Thomas Jefferson who was the third President of the United States .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Tom Harkin	Iowa	In Iowa both Gov. Chet Culver and Sen. Tom Harkin the state's top two Democrats had pushed for the Jan. 3 date and Iowa Democratic chairman Scott Brennan last week made that recommendation to the party's state Central Committee which approved it Sunday night .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Ryti	Finland	Ryti was willing to continue as president because he was among those who led Finland into the war even though during the winter of 1942 both Ryti and Mannerheim had their doubts about German victory .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Jean-Claude Juncker	Luxembourg	Jean-Claude Juncker Luxembourg prime minister and Eurogroup chairman attacked Germany on Wednesday for acting in an un-European way over proposals for eurozone bonds .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Alistair Taylor	Apple	In December 1967 shortly after Epstein's death Lennon asked Alistair Taylor to work as General Manager for Apple .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Death Cab for Cutie	Chris Walla	Field Manual is the debut solo album by Death Cab for Cutie guitarist Chris Walla released on January 29 2008 on Barsuk Records .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Jai	United States	Jai is very ambitious ( he wants to construct the world's fastest car ) and is studying in the United States .
org:alternate_names(e1,e2)	International Union for Conservation of Nature	IUCN	Since 2004 the International Union for Conservation of Nature ( IUCN ) has listed the jay's conservation status as Near Threatened due to habitat fragmentation and degradation .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Agriculture	Mike Johanns	This was denied by US officials with Agriculture Secretary Mike Johanns telling reporters that there was no pre-summit stitch-up between Washington and Brussels .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Rochester Institute of Technology	NY	The largest collection of his work ( comprising over 300 works ) is at Rochester Institute of Technology ( Rochester NY ) .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	Jones	Nashville	Jones taught elementary school in St. Louis and in Nashville where he became a community activist and helped organize Nashville's first Black Expo highlighting historical contributions of the city's black people .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Kekkonen	Finland	Already during this presidential campaign Kekkonen promised not to run for President again ( see for example Timo Vihavainen The Welfare Finland ( Hyvinvointi-Suomi ) pp. 859 861 in Seppo Zetterberg et al. eds. A Small Giant of the Finnish History / Suomen historian .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Toyah	Toyah Willcox	Sphinx/For You is a promotional single by the band Toyah fronted by Toyah Willcox and was given away free with Flexipop Magazine in late 1981 .
org:alternate_names(e2,e1)	Universidad de	University of	Karol Aida Cariola Oliva ( born April 1 1987 ) is a Chilean graduate in obstetrics and a former president of the de Estudiantes de la Universidad de ( University of Student Federation ) for 2010 .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Savannah College of Art and Design	Savannah	He graduated in 2005 from the Savannah College of Art and Design in Savannah Georgia .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Kit Bond	Missouri	Feinstein and the top Republican on the committee Sen. Kit Bond of Missouri used the pending confirmation hearing as a lever to expand intelligence reform .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Bolivia	Evo Morales	He continues to write fiction as well as political and social commentary on world politics as well as the politics of Bolivia especially during the Evo Morales period .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	China	Yang Jiechi	Cape Verde's Minister of Foreign Affairs Cooperation and Overseas Affairs Victor Manuel Barbosa Borges will pay an official visit to China from May 16 to 20 as the guest of Chinese Foreign Minister Yang Jiechi .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	Quebecor	Groupe TVA	It was owned by Quebecor Media through its Groupe TVA unit .
no_relation	it	Resorts	it was purchased by Raffles Hotels and Resorts and Raffles ' management contract ended in May 2002 .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	State Security	Erich Mielke	In 1986 he was appointed Stasi Lieutenant General and deputy of the Minister for State Security Erich Mielke .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Al Jadeed	Lebanon	Al Jadeed ( ) formerly known as New TV is a 24-hour pan-Arab station broadcasting from Lebanon offering general-interest programming in the Arabic language .
no_relation	Richmond Hill	Toronto Transit Commission	In the future the Viva Pink line will soon be replaced by a subway line on the portion of the route from Richmond Hill Centre to Finch Station as part of the Toronto Transit Commission 's Yonge subway extension and by Viva Purple along the Highway 7 portion of the route enabling VIVA buses to quickly pass through traffic .
per:country_of_birth(e2,e1)	Turkey	Ahmet Necdet Sezer	Musharraf is scheduled to proceed to Turkey on April 29 where Turkish President Ahmet Necdet Sezer will host talks between Musharraf and Afghan President Hamid Karzai to cool tensions over cross-border militancy in Afghanistan .
per:origin(e1,e2)	Leon Askin	Austrian	Leon Askin ( September 18 1907 June 3 2005 ) was an Austrian actor .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	her	Jubilee	However her reputation among soul music connoisseurs far exceeds her commercial success of the 1960s and her recordings for the Jubilee and Sansu record labels are highly sought after in the 2000s by fans of Northern Soul and Deep Soul .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Candlemass	Messiah Marcolin	Former Candlemass singer Messiah Marcolin is expected to make a guest appearance on the track Hel .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Italy	Antonio Segni	The President of Italy Antonio Segni gave Zanolli the title of the Man of the Order of Merit of the Italian Republic ( 1962 ) and in Mexico the de Cronistas de y Teatro named him Musician of the Year ( 1963 ) .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Kenya	Moi	Kenya became a de jure one-party state under President Moi who took power in 1978 following the death of the founding President Jomo Kenyatta and was confronted by on the one hand the political tensions engendered by the attempted coup of 1982 and on the other a slowing economy that stagnated under the onerous weight of structural adjustment programs imposed with market fundamentalist zeal by the international financial institutions-the World Bank and International Monetary Fund-and western governments .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Vietnam	Ho Chi Minh	The first and biggest in Vietnam is Ho Chi Minh City's Central Business District followed by Hanoi's Business District .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	Curt Anderson	Baltimore	In 2011 a bill to decriminalize cannabis in Maryland was introduced by Delegate Curt Anderson a Democrat from Baltimore .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Republika Srpska	Radovan Karad?i	Later still in 1993 the authorities of Republika Srpska under Radovan Karad?i ? and Mom?ilo decided to proclaim Ekavian and Serbian Cyrillic to be official in Republika Srpska which was considered grotesque both by native Bosnian Serb writers at the time and the general public and that decision was rescinded in 1994 .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	New York	City Department of Corrections	The New York City Department of Corrections reported that in fiscal year 2012 more than 14.4 percent of all adolescents in detained at Rikers Island between the ages of 16 and 18 were held in at least one period of solitary confinement while detained .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	John Christy	University of Alabama in Huntsville	This is a hypothesis not a proven fact counters Dr. John Christy Director of the Earth System Science Center at the University of Alabama in Huntsville .
org:members(e2,e1)	La New Bears	Chinese Professional Baseball League	He signed with the La New Bears of the Chinese Professional Baseball League in Taiwan in early 2006 and played with the same team until July 2006 .
per:title(e1,e2)	Bob Moore	artist	Walt could only make a crude Disney signature so he delegated the writing of the signature to several artists including Bob Moore Disney publicity artist .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Ambrose	New York	Ambrose held a number of important government positions in the City of Albany and in New York State including 35th Mayor of Albany ( 1824 1826 ) New York State Attorney General ( 1802 1804 ) and Chief Justice of the New York State Supreme Court ( 1819 1823 ) .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Paul Smith	Park	Paul Smith ( born 13 March 1979 Billingham Stockton-on-Tees England ) is the singer for the British indie rock group Park .
org:city_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Boston	Liberty	His investment to provide East Boston business district with a major supermarket ( Liberty Market ) its first function hall ( Lombardo Function Facility ) and a shopping mall ( Liberty Plaza ) in the Central Square area has helped stimulate the economy in that area for over 50 years .
org:members(e1,e2)	National Collegiate Athletic Association	Murray	The school competes in the Ohio Valley Conference in Division I of the National Collegiate Athletic Association ( NCAA ) and play home games at the CFSB Center in Murray Kentucky .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Diplomatic Academy of Vienna	Vienna	The Diplomatic Academy of Vienna or simply DA ( in German : Diplomatische Akademie Wien ) is a postgraduate professional school based in Vienna Austria with focused training for students and professionals in the areas of international affairs political science law languages history and economics .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Prince	Minnesota	Brad Patraw alias The Prince is a super bantamweight professional boxer from Minnesota .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Air Aruba	Aruba	Tiara Air N.V. operating as Tiara Air Aruba is an airline headquartered and based on the grounds of Aruba in the Dutch Caribbean which began operations in 2006 .
no_relation	Elektra	Trey Anastasio	Michael Ray continues to perform with the Sun Ra Arkestra and has appeared with rock-phenom PHISH live and on two Elektra recordings ( Phish A Live One and Trey Anastasio 's Surrender to the Air ) .
no_relation	Union of Democratic Mineworkers	Midlands-based	He expressed regret on the use of violent picketing in Nottinghamshire and the divisions that this caused amongst mineworkers saying : McGahey continuously insisted that the NUM find a way to reconcile with the Union of Democratic Mineworkers ( a Midlands-based breakaway from the NUM ) .
no_relation	Troubadour Club	George Lynch	Initially called Tyrant the group began playing at the Icehouse in Pasadena California and moved up to shows at the Troubadour Club in Hollywood California opening for acts such as Xciter ( which consisted of guitarist George Lynch and drummer Mick Brown before they joined Dokken ) .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	University of Tampere	Tampere	The University of Tampere ( ) is a university in Tampere Finland .
org:city_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Minsk	Belarus State University	In Minsk the capital of Belarus three universities Belarus State University Belarus Pedagogical University and European Humanities University have full psychology courses in their curriculum but do not address the problems of sexual minorities .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	Ontario Agricultural College	University of Guelph	Subsequently the Ontario Agricultural College ( OAC ) became one of three founding colleges of the University of Guelph in 1964 .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	National Hospital for Neurology and Neurosurgery	University College London Hospitals NHS Foundation Trust	The National Hospital for Neurology and Neurosurgery ( informally the NHNN The National or Queen Square ) is a neurological hospital in London United Kingdom and part of the University College London Hospitals NHS Foundation Trust .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	SPACEHAB	James Baker	Wernher von Braun spoke of the necessity ( and the underdevelopment ) of space logistics as early as 1960 : James D. Baker and Frank Eichstadt of SPACEHAB wrote in 2005 : According to Manufacturing Business Technology Among the supply classes identified by the MIT Space Logistics Center : In the category of space transportation for ISS Support one might list : A snapshot of the logistics of a single space facility the International Space Station was provided in 2005 via a comprehensive study done by James Baker and Frank Eichstadt .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	Orange Romania	Orange	He was formerly the chief executive officer of Orange Romania a subsidiary of Orange SA and managing director of T-Mobile UK .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Johanns	Nebraska	Johanns now back in Nebraska where he once served as governor and is expected to announce his election bid soon said he takes such criticisms as a as a compliment .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Catherine J. Melchert	Bartlett Illinois	Catherine J. Melchert was the Mayor of Bartlett Illinois from 1993 to 2009 .
org:founded(e1,e2)	National Theatre School of Canada	1960	The committee decided that as a more truly bilingual city was a better location and the National Theatre School of Canada / nationale de du Canada officially opened on 2 Nov 1960 in premises owned by the Canadian Legion at 1191 Mountain Street in .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Koroma	Sierra Leone	On April 16 2009 Koroma was re-elected unopposed by the APC as the party's presidential candidate in the 2012 Sierra Leone presidential election at the APC National Delegates convention held in the northern city of Makeni .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Robert Zoellick	State	Robert Zoellick is the former Deputy Secretary of the U.S. State Department and the former Chairman of Goldman Sachs ' Board of International Advisors .
org:founded(e1,e2)	Setanta Sports News	2007	As a direct rival to Sky Sports News Virgin Media and Setanta Sports launched Setanta Sports News on 30 November 2007 .
per:title(e2,e1)	Minister	Dion	For 10 years she worked for the then Liberal government acting as chief of staff from 1993 to 1996 to Brian Tobin former Minister of Fisheries and Oceans and from 1996 to 1999 as chief of staff to Dion then Minister of Inter-governmental Affairs .
org:city_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	the	Club	Born in the Guanajuato Monjaraz began playing football with local side Club .
org:top_members/employees(e1,e2)	Glittertind	Sandvik	Glittertind is a Norwegian folk metal folk punk and viking metal band which started up as a one-man project in 2001 featuring Sandvik as the driving force .
no_relation	Purplene	2004	Purplene were an indie rock band whose life began in the industrial Australian city of Newcastle in 1996 culminating in the release the 2004 Purplene LP then disbanding in the spring of 2005 as one of Sydney's most respected rock groups .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	He	Serbian Royal Academy	He became a full member of the Serbian Royal Academy in 1899 when he was only 31 .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	George Canning	United Kingdom	In 1828 George Canning 's widow Joan was raised to the Peerage of the United Kingdom in honour of her husband as Viscountess Canning of Kilbraham in the County of Kilkenny with remainder to the heirs male of her body by her late husband .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Indonesia	Megawati Sukarnoputri	The case caps a month of legal cases in Indonesia against wealthy and powerful suspects leading to speculation by some analysts that President Megawati Sukarnoputri is getting tough on graft .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	Joe Griffo	Rome	Joe Griffo is a self-described fiscal conservative Griffo married his wife Lorraine Messenger in 2006 and they reside in Rome NY .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Alabama	Alabama Army National Guard	The heritage and traditions of the Fourth Alabama are carried on by the 1st Battalion 167th Infantry Alabama Army National Guard .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Norman	California	In 1960 Norman 's father began teaching in San California ; the family lived in nearby Campbell .
org:members(e1,e2)	German Aerospace Center	DLR	Kim B. King R. F. Kirsch J. Liu W. Q. Malik N. Y. Masse J. A. Perge D. M. Rosler A. Sarma N. Schmansky J. D. Simeral S. Stavisky B. Travers K. Tringale W. Truccolo ( School of Engineering Brown University ) and S. Haddadin J. Vogel ( Institute of Robotics and Mechatronics German Aerospace Center / DLR ) and P. van der Smagt ( Institute of Robotics and Mechatronics German Aerospace Center / DLR and Institute of Informatics Technische ) Intracortical control of assistive devices by individuals with tetraplegia .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Merzbow	Important	It continues Merzbow 's rhythmic oriented work on Important Records and features samples from the last three discs of the Merzbox .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	Soviet Navy	USSR	Hovhannes Stepani Isakov ( Ivan Stepanovich Isakov ; ( October 11 1967 ) an ethnic Armenian was a Soviet military commander Chief of Staff of the Soviet Navy Deputy USSR Navy Minister and held the rank of Admiral of the Fleet of the Soviet Union .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Melbourne	Roy Grounds	In 1946 Jones began his architectural studies at the University of Melbourne and was taught by Robin Boyd Roy Grounds John Mockridge and Frederick Romberg .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	ABC	James Gang	After parting with MCA Records Sainte-Marie signed with ABC Records then home of such artists as Steely Dan the early Pointer Sisters Isaac Hayes and the James Gang .
per:origin(e1,e2)	H? Mi	of Vietn	H? Mi nh proclaimed the Democratic Republic of Vietn am on September 2 1945 .
org:top_members/employees(e1,e2)	Safaricom	Michael Joseph	Safaricom Chief Executive Officer Michael Joseph whose telecommunications company sponsors the race said Friday that participants drawn from over 25 countries will take part in this year's event which has also attracted 40 corporate teams .
org:founded_by(e2,e1)	Joseph Hardy	84 Lumber	Joseph Hardy III founder of the 84 Lumber Company bought Nemacolin at an auction he attended in 1987 in the hopes of purchasing a few acres of woodlands near a lake or stream for his daughter Maggie who loved fishing .
per:alternate_names(e1,e2)	Senthil	Pandayan C.	The incident occurred when around 60 people belonging to several nearby villages were crossing the river from Ujwalia ghat ( bank ) to attend a function on the other side reported the Press Trust of India quoting District Magistrate Senthil Pandayan C. as saying .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Robert Lees	United States	Robert Lees Phythian was a United States naval officer who was the first superintendent of the New York Nautical School and later was a superintendent for the U.S. Naval Academy and the U.S. Naval Observatory .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Clark	Opposition	From October 1990 until December 1993 Clark held the posts of Deputy Leader of the Opposition Opposition spokesperson for Health and Labour and member of the Social Services Select Committee and of the Labour Select Committee .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Liaquat Ali Khan	Pakistan	However Peshawar police officer Liaquat Ali Khan said that the aim of the suicide bombing was the Pakistan International Airlines ( PIA ) building .
org:city_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Helsinki	University of Helsinki	Ilkka Maunu Olavi Niiniluoto ( born March 12 1946 in Helsinki Finland ) is a Finnish philosopher and mathematician serving as a professor of philosophy at the University of Helsinki since 1981 .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	National Technical University of Athens	Greece	He obtained his Diploma of Civil Engineering in Structural Engineering ( 1972 ) from the National Technical University of Athens Greece and the Doctor of Engineering ( 1977 Dr.-Ing. ' Mit Auszeichnung ' with the Highest Honors ) in Soil Mechanics .
org:founded(e1,e2)	Streamline Pictures	1988	After leaving that position he served from 1991 to 2002 as the first employee of Streamline Pictures one of America's pioneering anime specialty production companies founded by Carl Macek and Jerry Beck in 1988 .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	HMLAT-303	Marine Corps Base Camp Pendleton	Marine Light Attack Helicopter Training Squadron 303 ( HMLAT-303 ) is a United States Marine Corps helicopter training squadron stationed at Marine Corps Base Camp Pendleton California .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e2,e1)	Missouri	David Rice Atchison	Atchison County is the name of two counties in the United States both named for Missouri Senator David Rice Atchison : .
org:founded(e2,e1)	1727	its	The group controls The Royal Bank of Scotland plc founded in 1727 by a Royal Charter of King George I the National Westminster Bank which can trace its lineage back to 1650 and Ulster Bank in Ireland .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Qantas	Sydney	Joyce ready for great leap at Qantas Sydney Morning Herald online retrieved 27 November 2009 .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Holy Cross High School	Flushing	In his sophomore year at Holy Cross High School in Flushing New York he averaged 20.9 points 8.1 rebounds and 1.7 assists a game during 2005 06 .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Hawkins	columbia	In the mid-1980s Hawkins signed with columbia Records and released a pair of dance-oriented contemporary gospel albums .
org:founded(e1,e2)	Veritas	2005	Veritas ( Latin : Truth ) is a political party in the United Kingdom formed in February 2005 by Robert Kilroy-Silk following a split from the UK Independence Party ( UKIP ) .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	American Federation of Government Employees	AFL-CIO	The American Federation of Government Employees is citing its much larger membership its affiliation with the politically potent AFL-CIO and its long-term commitment to screeners .
org:top_members/employees(e1,e2)	Viacom	Sumner Redstone	Viacom Chairman Sumner Redstone blistered his daughter Shari in a letter faxed to Forbes magazine Friday making a long-simmering family dispute very public .
no_relation	Takashi Iizuka	Ryusuke Taguchi	On January 4 2008 Yoshie made his return to New Japan Pro Wrestling at Wrestle Kingdom II in Tokyo Dome where he Masato Tanaka Tatsuhito Takaiwa and Katsushi Takemura defeated Takashi Iizuka Koji Kanemoto Tiger Mask IV and Ryusuke Taguchi in an eight man tag team match when Yoshie pinned Taguchi .
per:title(e1,e2)	Amanda Lear	painter	Amanda Lear ( Tapp born November 18 1939 in British Hong Kong ) is a French singer lyricist composer painter TV presenter actress and novelist .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Jeff Bingaman	New Mexico	He was a media specialist on the staff of Vice President Nelson Rockefeller 1973 1976 and press secretary to Democratic Senator Jeff Bingaman of New Mexico 1983 1988 .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	Koh	Penang	Gerakan leaders reportedly encouraged Koh to leave Penang to contest the Simpang Renggam parliamentary seat a Gerakan safe seat in Johor .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Food	Dubstar	During his time in the music business ( with Food and Polygram Island Music ) Jacobson worked with a number of household names including Jesus Jones Dubstar Shampoo Blur Feeder Fat Boy Slim and The Bluetones .
per:title(e2,e1)	composer	Ennio Morricone	The ceremony also will include honorary Oscars for film composer and five-time nominee Ennio Morricone ( Cinema Paradiso The Mission The Untouchables ) and former Paramount studio boss Sherry Lansing honored for humanitarian efforts that include her work with the group Stop Cancer and a variety of charitable causes .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Williamson	United States	Williamson Sodus Airport is a public use airport in Wayne County New York United States .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	Alticor	Gurwitch Products	It is privately owned by the families of Rich DeVos and Jay Van Andel through Alticor which is the holding company for businesses including Amway Amway Global Fulton Innovation Amway Hotel Corporation Gurwitch Products Hatteras Yachts and manufacturing and logistics company Access Business Group .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	England	Sybil Thorndike	He was born in Manchester Lancashire England the youngest son of actors Sybil Thorndike and Lewis Casson .
org:alternate_names(e1,e2)	36th Division	Army	When the Kuomintang Republic of China government heard about it the Chinese government backed the Tungan general Ma Zhongying giving his soldiers an official designation the 36th Division ( National Revolutionary Army ) and naming him its commander ordering him to overthrow Jin Shuren .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Punjab	Amarinder Singh	The celebrations were attended by the Chief Minister of Punjab Capt. Amarinder Singh in recognition of the services rendered by 62nd Cavalry personnel who hail from Punjab apart from Lt Gen GD Singh Deputy Chief of Army Staff ( ) the Colonel of the Regiment of 62 CAVALRY .
no_relation	Lalo Schifrin	James Morrison	More Jazz Meets the Symphony is an album by Argentine composer pianist and conductor Lalo Schifrin with basssist Ray Brown drummer Grady Tate trumpeters Jon Faddis and James Morrison saxophonist Paquito D'Rivera and the London Philharmonic Orchestra recorded in 1993 and released on the Atlantic label.Payne D. Lalo Schifrin discography accessed March 20 2012 The Allmusic review stated Breaking the long-standing curse of sequels the second installment of Schifrin's Jazz Meets the Symphony series is even better than the first .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Chile	LAN Airlines	US aircraft maker Boeing said Monday that Chile 's LAN Airlines had ordered 26 of its 787 Dreamliners and two cargo planes in a deal worth some five billion dollars at list prices .
per:alternate_names(e2,e1)	Alberto R. Gonzales	his	Attorney General Alberto R. Gonzales announced his resignation on Monday ending a stormy tenure at the Justice Department that was marked by repeated battles with Congress over whether he had allowed his intense personal loyalty to President Bush to overwhelm his responsibilities to the law .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	Philip Schuyler	Albany	jpg | Marble statue of Dr. Crawford W. Long in the National Statuary Hall Collection in Washington D.C. ( 1926 ) Image : CornwallisStatueHalifaxNovaScotia.jpg | Edward Cornwallis Halifax Nova Scotia File : BritanniaByMassey RhindGrand Parade HalifaxNova Scotia.jpg | Britannia Grand Parade ( Halifax ) Nova Scotia File : Massey Rhind Nova Scotia.jpg | Nova Scotia Highland soldier Chester Nova Scotia File : HighlandSoldierByJMasseyRhindNewGlasgowNovaScotia.jpg | Highland soldier New Glasgow Nova Scotia Image : JMRWashington.jpg | General George Washington Newark New Jersey File : PhilipSchuylerStatue.jpg | Philip Schuyler Albany New York Image : JMR-Memphis1 .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Rwanda	Bernard Makuza	The Prime Minister of Rwanda Mr. Bernard Makuza also attended the Award ceremony .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Treasury	Donald Regan	He conducted the public interrogation of former United States Secretary of the Treasury and Chief of Staff Donald Regan during the televised hearings .
org:founded_by(e2,e1)	Larry Page	Google	When Larry Page and Sergey Brin founded Google Inc. on Sept. 7 1998 they had little more than their ingenuity four computers and an investor's $ bet on their belief that an Internet search engine could change the world .
org:top_members/employees(e1,e2)	Colorado	Gary Smith	He's overcome a lot Colorado coach Gary Smith told The Denver Post in July when Kimura returned from being sidelined two months with a stress fracture in his left ankle .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	New Jersey	Standard Oil	SS Sylvan Arrow was laid down and launched in 1917 at Camden New Jersey by the New York Shipbuilding Corporation as a commercial tanker for the Standard Oil Company .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Billy Hughes	Australia	Ainsworth rapid rise as a public servant was at least partly as a of Billy Hughes who was Prime Minister of Australia from 1915 to 1923 and whom he greatly admired .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	McMaster University	Hamilton	She left this position to serve as Provost and Vice-President ( Academic ) at McMaster University in Hamilton Ontario before going to her position at the University of Manitoba .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Bogdan Raczynski	Rephlex	96 Drum 'n' Bass Classixxx is a Bogdan Raczynski album/EP released on Rephlex in 2002 as vinyl only .
no_relation	Help The Aged	UK	McAndrew has supported a range of charities including Breast cancer awareness Help The Aged the British Heart Foundation DebRA Cancer Research UK the Lymphoma Association and SSAFA.She is also a Vice president of the Leeds Rugby Foundation charity .
no_relation	Her	Nadira	Her contemporary actress Nadira said : She was ecstatically exasperatingly beautiful and She created a kind of reverence she had such an aura about her .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Ma Ying-jeou	Kuomintang	She was defeated by President Ma Ying-jeou of the Kuomintang in the 5th direct presidential election in 2012 .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Vega	New York	This sort of audience confrontation was inspired by Vega 's witnessing of an Iggy and the Stooges concert at the New York State Pavilion in August 1969 which he later described as great art .
per:alternate_names(e2,e1)	Michael	Lal	Paul Michael ( born December 2 1958 ) better known by his stage name Lal is an Indian film director script writer actor producer and film distributor .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Maldives	Maumoon Abdul Gayoom	Bangladeshi caretaker government Chief Advisor Dr Fakhruddin Ahmed Tuesday telephoned President of the Maldives Maumoon Abdul Gayoom and conveyed his deepest sympathy at the devastation caused by the widespread flooding in his country .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Derek Bailey	England	Opening ( closing ) [ 16:13 ] Anthony Braxton ( ss as Bb-cl cbcl ) Derek Bailey ( el-g ) 2nd of July 1974 Royal Hall Luton England ( UK ) .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Slovenia	Adria Airways	But it has had a number of fatal accidents the deadliest of which was a crash of Slovenia 's Adria Airways flight in Corsica in 1981 when all 180 people on board perished .
per:title(e2,e1)	General Manager	Theo Epstein	Red Sox General Manager Theo Epstein was more philosophical than direct when asked if the team threatened to discipline Ramirez if he sat out on Saturday .
no_relation	Billy	Sydney	Mary and Billy 's grandson now lives in Sydney under a different name .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Kitty Girls	Manila	The Kitty Girls is a sing-and-dance group that's currently getting a lot of attention in Manila with their Hits K.I.T.T.Y. Dance Naked .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	o Randy Jackso	e United State	Hosted by Brian McFayden ( Ryan Seacrest's double ) people first audition before three judges ( the sarcastic Briggs who also produces the show and could be considered the Simon of the show ; rapper Tone Lc the show's answer t o Randy Jackso n ; and singer Vitamin C put into Paula Abdul's role ) in four cities across th e United State s .
no_relation	Capitol Records	him	In late 1971 James was about to wrap up a successful stay at Capitol Records a run that had seen him score 16 consecutive No. 1 songs in as many single releases .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Maharaja Sayajirao University of Baroda	Baroda	The Maharaja Sayajirao University of Baroda ( ; MSU ) is a university in the city of Vadodara ( Baroda ) in Gujarat state India .
org:alternate_names(e1,e2)	United States Naval Special Warfare Development Group	DEVGRU	The intelligence capability is : The PASKAL tactics and organization are heavily influenced by the British Special Boat Service ( SBS ) and the United States Naval Special Warfare Development Group ( SEAL Team Six DEVGRU ) .
per:spouse(e2,e1)	Hume Cronyn	Jessica Tandy	Also making their New York home at the were actors Marlon Brando Louis Calhern John and Ethel Barrymore Helen Hayes Kay Francis Johnny ( Tarzan ) Weissmuller Ava Gardner Herbert Marshall Paul Douglas Lillian and Dorothy Gish Hume Cronyn and Jessica Tandy Tallulah Bankhead Sidney Poitier and James Caan .
no_relation	Homer Watson	Doon	Homer Watson Boulevard is Manitou Drive's southern terminus although the street itself continues beyond Homer Watson as Doon Village Road the main artery of Kitchener's Pioneer Park neighbourhood .
per:title(e2,e1)	comedian	Roy Walker	It ran on ITV in the United Kingdom between 12 January 1986 and 19 December 2002 originally hosted by Northern Irish comedian Roy Walker ; followed by Nick Weir and lastly Mark Curry .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Canada	Schulich School of Music	After arriving in Canada Caroline continued her studies with Judy Loman at the Schulich School of Music at McGill University .
org:members(e2,e1)	Pakatan Rakyat	Malaysia	These are the basic principles set out by the Pakatan Rakyat which have been put into practice in several Pakatan Rakyat controlled states in Malaysia with several key people-friendly policies to achieve distributive growth .
org:members(e2,e1)	Twisted Sister	Atlantic	After signing rock artists including Twisted Sister Skid Row White Lion Stone Temple Pilots and Tori Amos Flom soon became Atlantic 's head of where he was mentored by Doug Morris .
per:origin(e1,e2)	Ivan Roudyk	Russian	Ivan Roudyk ( ) ( born 1976 in Novosibirsk Russia Soviet Union ) is a popular Russian House DJ .
no_relation	1991	itself	It was established in 1991 when the CPGB decided to reform itself into a left-leaning political multi-issue grassroots campaign group/think-tank based on the party's Manifesto for New Times .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Iran	Qazi Muhammad	However from the very beginning in Iran Ibrahim Ahmad's leftist politics intellectualism and support for Qazi Muhammad put him at odds with the faction of the KDP loyal to Mulla Mustafa Barzani and his traditionalist-conservative tribal support base .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Solomon Bandaranaike	Sri Lanka Freedom Party	In 1951 the ambitious Solomon Bandaranaike broke with his party the conservative United National Party ( UNP ) and created a new centrist party the Sri Lanka Freedom Party ( SLFP ) .
per:spouse(e2,e1)	William	Charlotte of Mecklenburg-Strelitz	This proved to be a very busy time for the partnership and William France as the king married Duchess Sophia Charlotte of Mecklenburg-Strelitz in 1761 and apartments in St James Palace were refurbished for the new queen and work was also required for the Coronation .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Gerhard Richter	Dresden	Further institutions such as the Kunstbibliothek ( Art Library ) the Kunstfonds ( Art Fund ) and the Gerhard Richter Archiv ( Gerhard Richter Archive ) also belong to the Staatliche Kunstsammlungen Dresden .
org:founded(e1,e2)	University of Chicago	1890	The University of Chicago one of the few top-ranking institutions established in 1890 with the idea of being a world-class research facility today has students of them undergraduates and an annual budget of more than $ 1 billion .
org:founded_by(e2,e1)	Patrick Loubert	Nelvana	The fan press and fandom grew throughout this period and was bolstered when Patrick Loubert and Michael Hirsh the founders of the animation company Nelvana published of The Great Canadian Comic Books in 1971 a book-length study of the Bell Features comics and the touring of a related exhibition mounted by the National Gallery of Canada Comic Art Traditions in Canada 1941-45 which together served to introduce English-Canadian comics creators and fans to their lost heritage .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Bedales School	England	John Haden Badley ( 21 February 1865 6 March 1967 ) author educator and founder of Bedales School which claims to have become the first coeducational public boarding school in England in 1893 .
org:alternate_names(e1,e2)	National Archives and Records Administration	NARA	Records of the Immigration and Naturalization Service Record Group 85 ; National Archives and Records Administration ( NARA ) Washington D.C. Manifests of Alien Arrivals at Naco Arizona May 24 1908 ca .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Macedonia	Branko Crvenkovski	In May 2009 after finishing the 5-year-term of President of the Republic of Macedonia Branko Crvenkovski returned to the SDUM and was reelected leader of the party .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Jim DeMint	South Carolina	Jim DeMint one of South Carolina 's two Republican senators and a conservative Christian supports Romney as does Paul Weyrich one of the founders of the Moral Majority and James Bopp Jr. an antiabortion activist .
no_relation	Gabon	Bongo	Gabon reopens borders shut after Bongo 's death : ministry .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Liga I	Steaua	On 7 August 2010 at his Liga I debut for Steaua against FC Bra?ov he was sent off and the opposing team received a penalty kick in the 90th minute Robert Ilye? equalized and the match ended 1-1 .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Craig L. Rice	Montgomery County	Craig L. Rice ( born September 27 1972 ) is an American politician a member of the Montgomery County Council and a former member of the Maryland House of Delegates representing District 15 in western and northern Montgomery County .
per:title(e2,e1)	Prime Minister	Pakalitha Mosisili	It is disappointing to everybody that is has taken so long he told reporters at the end of a two-day visit in which he met with Prime Minister Pakalitha Mosisili and main opposition leader Tom Thabane .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Warrensburg High School	Warrensburg	Race attended Warrensburg High School in Warrensburg Missouri and was a student and a letterman in football .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Florida International University College of Law	United States	Jerry W. Markham from the Florida International University College of Law on often-cited legal scholar on business organizations and securities regulation in the United States .
org:top_members/employees(e1,e2)	AFGE	John Gage	Legislation is pending but AFGE President John Gage said he is pushing the White House to quickly grant permission without waiting for a TSA boss to take office .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Xiao Yang	Supreme People's Court	Xiao Yang ( ; born August 1938 in Heyuan Guangdong ) was the former President of the Supreme People's Court of China .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	GCRTA	Cleveland Transit System	The GCRTA was established December 30 1974 and on September 5 1975 assumed control of the Cleveland Transit System ( a successor to the Cleveland Railway ) which operated the heavy rail line from Windermere to Cleveland Hopkins Airport and the local bus systems and Shaker Heights Rapid Transit ( the descendant of a separate streetcar system formed by the Van Sweringen brothers to serve their Shaker Heights development ) which operated the two interurban light rail lines from downtown to Shaker Heights .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Dodd	Connecticut	Dodd the Connecticut Democrat who leads the Senate Banking Committee plans to remove language that would let the Federal Reserve lend directly to firms in emergency situations his spokeswoman Kirstin Brost said Friday in an e-mail after Bair criticized the proposal in a Florida speech .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	O'Keefe	The Dee Jays	When Gene Vincent and his band were delayed in Hawaii en route to Australia Gordon hastily drafted O'Keefe and his band The Dee Jays to fill in for Vincent at the first show on the tour in Wollongong .
org:founded(e1,e2)	The Washington Examiner	2005	The Washington Examiner From Wikipedia the free encyclopedia Jump to : navigation search The Washington Examiner Type Daily newspaper Format Tabloid Owner Clarity Media Group Publisher Michael Phelps Editor Stephen G. Smith Founded 2005 Headquarters 1015 15th St. NW Suite 500 Washington D.C. 20005 United States Circulation [ 1 ] Official website Home | Washington Examiner The Washington Examiner is a free daily newspaper published in Springfield Virginia and distributed in the Washington D.C. metropolitan area .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	University of St Andrews	Scotland	The discovery made by a team led by Janes Greaves of the University of St Andrews in Scotland was to be unveiled at a meeting of the Royal Astronomical Society in Belfast .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Cummins	Indiana	Instead Bernie Cummins began booking gigs for them at colleges in Ohio and Indiana ; they became a popular attraction at Indiana University and recorded again in May and June 1924 .
org:city_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	San Francisco	Academy of Art University	On August 25 2007 he moved to San Francisco California where he is visiting Academy of Art University .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	GDOT	Georgia	GDOT has broken up the state of Georgia into seven districts in order to facilitate regional development .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e2,e1)	Louisiana	Clifton Chenier	C. J. Chenier ( born Clayton Joseph Thompson September 28 1957 Port Arthur Texas is the Creole son of the Grammy Award winning King of Zydeco Louisiana musician Clifton Chenier .
org:alternate_names(e1,e2)	Rashtriya Indian Military College	Prince of Wales	Hira Lal Atal ( 26 January 1905 23 January 1985 ) was the first Cadet Captain or Head Boy of the famous Rashtriya Indian Military College which was at that time known as the Prince of Wales Royal Indian Military College Dehradun .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Reprise	Bing Crosby	In 1963 he joined Nelson Riddle on a dream team of arrangers working on the Sinatra-Burke compilation albums for the ambitious Reprise Musical Repertory Theatre project featuring the singing members of the Rat Pack plus Bing Crosby Rosemary Clooney and Jo Stafford .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Kenya	Daniel arap Moi	The violence is the worst Kenya has seen in its cities since the failed 1982 coup against authoritarian former president Daniel arap Moi .
per:spouse(e1,e2)	Scott	Sandy Watson	Scott later married advertising executive Sandy Watson in 1979 with whom he had a daughter Jordan Scott and divorced in 1989 .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Len Smith	Melbourne	Len Smith ( 9 February 1912 1967 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played for the Melbourne Football Club in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) from 1934 to 1935 and then for the Fitzroy Football Club from 1937 to 1943 .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Daniel Akaka	Hawaii	On March 25 1992 U. S. Senator Daniel Akaka ( D - Hawaii ) eulogized Simeona in the Congressional Record.Daniel Akaka He noted she had learned that the original plaster cast of the cast-iron Statue of Freedom which stands on the top of the dome of the United States Capitol was being kept in storage .
org:founded(e1,e2)	Creditanstalt	1855	The Creditanstalt itself was founded in 1855 by Salomon Mayer's son Anselm von Rothschild as K. k. priv .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	Blackstone Group	the Weather Channel	Around $ 3.5 billion was what General Electric's NBC Universal partnering with Bain Capital and the Blackstone Group paid for the Weather Channel a week ago .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	GM	Buick	He has overseen the development of recent GM products such as the 2010 Buick LaCrosse 2010 Chevrolet Camaro Chevrolet Malibu Cadillac CTS and Buick Enclave .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	British National Party	Nick Griffin	Today has seen The British National Party take its first ever set of County Council seats - Party Chairman Nick Griffin Reflects on today results and gives an update on the prospects for the Euro vote which is to be counted on Sunday .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	Fujimori	Lima	Fujimori 70 has been held at a police base in eastern Lima since he was extradited from Chile in September 2007 .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Friedrich Kaufmann	Orange Free State	Just Friedrich Rudolph Kaufmann ( 1831 Bloemfontein 19 April 1879 ) commonly known as Friedrich Kaufmann South African ( Boer ) politician Government Secretary and in 1872 Acting State President of the Orange Free State during the absence of State President Brand .
no_relation	New Orleans	Dillard University	Thomas Dent was born on March 20 1932 in New Orleans Louisiana to Albert Dent president of Dillard University and Ernestine Jessie Covington Dent a concert pianist .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	U.S. Army Tank-Automotive and Armaments Command	Stratford	The Stratford Army Engine Plant ( SAEP ) was a U.S. Army Tank-Automotive and Armaments Command installation and manufacturing facility located in Stratford Connecticut where it was sited along the Housatonic River and Main Street opposite Sikorsky Airport .
per:origin(e2,e1)	British	Carl Johanneson	Kirakosyan whose last visit to the UK saw him defeat the then British champion Carl Johanneson held the title in 2007 only to lose it to Belarussian Sergey Gulyakevich .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Daphne Oram	BBC Radiophonic Workshop	In addition Robert has made several features on subjects including the work of Daphne Oram the founder of the BBC Radiophonic Workshop and the music of Luigi Russolo .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	Golden West Network	Albany	In November 1996 PRIME's parent company Prime Television Limited purchased the Golden West Network a merged group of four stations in regional Western Australia ; BTW-3 Bunbury VEW-8 Kalgoorlie GTW-11 Geraldton and GSW-9 Albany .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Rafael Correa	Ecuador	Vance was appointed to the Cabinet by President Rafael Correa in January 2012 after her predecessor David Chiriboga resigned amid concerns that he was unable to fix the problems in Ecuador 's national healthcare system .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	United States Air Force	96th Air Base Wing	The airfield remains under the ownership of the United States Air Force and is under the jurisdiction of the 96th Air Base Wing ( 96 ABW ) at Eglin AFB .
per:origin(e1,e2)	Williams	American	Williams expresses dismay that the FBI well aware of this terrorist's threat has not fully alerted the American public .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	Vivendi	NBC Universal	Media and entertainment conglomerate Vivendi SA is nearing a decision on whether to sell its stake in NBC Universal which would clear the way for the creation of one of the most powerful media companies in the world .
org:city_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Sydney	University of Western Sydney	There are five other public universities operating primarily in Sydney ; Macquarie University the University of New South Wales the University of Technology Sydney the University of Western Sydney and the Australian Catholic University ( two out of six campuses ) .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Slovenia	Janez	Between 1992 and 1993 Prunk served as Minister for Slovenes outside Slovenia and National Minorities in Slovenia in the first coalition cabinet of Janez .
org:members(e1,e2)	Boston Camera Club	amateur photographer	Boston Camera Club honorary member aeronautical engineer Henry F. Weisenburger ( b. 1924 club president 1965 1967 ) an amateur photographer since the 1940s who joined the club in 1954 is arguably the longest-active living exponent of amateur photography in New England having instructed thousands in photography since the 1950s .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Reis	Swami Records	Most of the material from these sessions was used to create Automatic Midnight which became the first release for Reis ' newly formed Swami Records label .
org:top_members/employees(e1,e2)	European Central Bank	Jean-Claude Trichet	The European Central Bank kept its main interest rate steady at a record low of 1.0 percent Thursday a bank spokesman said as markets braced for comments by ECB president Jean-Claude Trichet on eurozone debt fears .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Alexander Bustamante	Jamaica	The group included Alexander Bustamante and Norman Manley of Jamaica Robert Bradshaw of St Kitts and Nevis Grantley Adams of Barbados Cheddi Jagan of Guyana Ebenezer Joshua of St Vincent and the Grenadines and Eric Gairy of Grenada .
org:alternate_names(e2,e1)	West Publishing	Thomson Reuters	Previously Opperman was the CEO of West Publishing Company ( now known as Thomson Reuters ) and while he was CEO the company moved into technology products with the creation of the Westlaw legal database .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Julian Casablancas	The Strokes	Blame was chosen by a board of respected judges included Nelly Furtado DJ Tiesto Robert Smith of The Cure and Julian Casablancas of The Strokes .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Goodrem	Sydney	Goodrem held a Launch Party at the Sydney Opera House on Tuesday 9 October 2007 where 400 invitation-only guests attended .
org:top_members/employees(e2,e1)	Stockwell Day	Canadian Alliance	Stockwell Day is expected to run again for leader of the Canadian Alliance when voting takes place in March .
org:members(e2,e1)	Connecticut Huskies	NCAA	The 2003 04 Connecticut Huskies women's basketball team represented the University of Connecticut in the 2003 2004 NCAA Division I basketball season .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	Australia	Coles Supermarkets	The Coles and Shell commercial alliance involves : Shell Australia : When a customer spends over a qualifying amount ( typically $ 30 ) in one transaction at Coles Supermarkets Bi-Lo Coles Central Pick 'n Pay Hypermarkets Liquorland or at Coles Online they are entitled to a fuel discount of 4c per litre off the bowser price at Coles Express service stations .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	1st Brigade	Army	Those partners include 2nd Battalion 1st Brigade 6th Division Iraqi Army and the Forsan Al Rafadeen which in Arabic means knights of the river .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Association of Vatican Lay Workers	Vatican City	The Association of Vatican Lay Workers ( ADLV ) is the sole trade union in Vatican City .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Monterrey Institute of Technology and Higher Education	Monterrey	The Monterrey Institute of Technology and Higher Education San Luis Campus ( in Spanish : Instituto y de Estudios Superiores de Monterrey Campus San Luis ) commonly shortened as de Monterrey Campus San Luis or ITESM Campus San Luis is a campus of the Monterrey Institute of Technology and Higher Education private university system in the city of San Luis Mexico .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Northwestern Memorial Hospital	Illinois	However full-dose uncoated aspirin appears to be more effective reported Mark Alberts MD director of the Stroke Program at Northwestern Memorial Hospital in Chicago Illinois United States .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	winner	Ontario	The winner was Jim Wilson of the Progressive Conservative Party of Ontario .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Clark	Opposition	After the National Party won the 1993 general election with a majority of one seat Clark challenged Mike Moore for the leadership of the parliamentary Labour Party and became Leader of the Opposition on 1 December 1993 .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Rising Son Records	Arlo Guthrie	Rising Son Records was founded in 1983 by Arlo Guthrie and has been located in the Old Trinity Church in Housatonic Massachusetts ( a village in the town of Great Barrington ) since 1992 .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Underwater	Darren	Underwater began as a deep techno label but when Darren 's taste shifted from techno to a more house/progressive house style the label followed suit .
no_relation	Moscow Institute of Physics and Technology	Technology	He shares similar background with a fellow Armenian ABBYY vice-president Director of Data Capture Products Department Aram Pakhchanian who has known David since Yerevan high school and later graduated from the same Moscow Institute of Physics and Technology In 1989 being a four-year student of the Moscow Institute of Physics and Technology ( MIPT ) David Yang founded his first company Bit Software together with Alexander Moskalev a member of the Institute of Microelectronics Technology of Russian Academy of Science .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	State	Thomas DiNapoli	Dan Weiller a spokesman for New York State Comptroller Thomas DiNapoli said Friday that New York's $ 150 billion ( euro114 .21 billion ) state pension system has holdings with companies that have dealings with Iran or in that country .
org:top_members/employees(e2,e1)	Prem Watsa	Fairfax Financial	Prem Watsa has served as Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Fairfax Financial Holdings Limited ( formerly Markel Financial Holdings ) since 1985 and as Vice President of Hamblin Watsa Investment Counsel Ltd. ( HWIC ) since 1985 .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	union	Alberta	The union has a staff of more than 100 employees at its headquarters in Edmonton and at several regional offices located in communities throughout the province of Alberta including Peace River Grande Prairie Athabasca Camrose Red Deer Calgary and Lethbridge .
per:title(e2,e1)	Justice	Angelino Alfano	Committing the government to an intensified struggle against the mafia Justice Minister Angelino Alfano said in Sicily the national prosecutor's office leading mafia investigations would soon receive stronger powers .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	South Australia	ACD	Teaching began on 7 October and the ACD campus was officially opened on Sunday 9 November by the Governor of South Australia Sir Eric Neal Nungalinya College was associated with the ACD at one time .
per:cities_of_residence(e2,e1)	London	Alan Turing	About 50 miles northwest of London 27-year-old Cambridge mathematician Alan Turing is wearing his gas mask while bicycling to work at Station X code name for a country estate featuring a mansion of schizophrenic architectural styles ( part Victorian part mock Tudor ) that had been the home of a London financier and his family .
per:country_of_birth(e1,e2)	Lisa Gerrard	Australia	Lisa Gerrard stated she wrote this song missing her family that had remained in Australia .
per:title(e2,e1)	Minister	Shane Gibson	Another witness on the fourth day of the inquest police Inspector Frederick Taylor testified that former Immigration Minister Shane Gibson was in the hospital room when he and other officers arrived at the facility .
per:cities_of_residence(e2,e1)	Northfield	Wheaton	After the death of Ellen in 1858 and moving to join friends in Northfield Minnesota in 1860 Wheaton married the widow Martha Elizabeth ( Archibald ) Wagener in 1861 .
org:alternate_names(e2,e1)	Walt Disney Studios	Disney	Established in 1953 as Buena Vista Distribution Company the company handles distribution for films produced by the Walt Disney Studios ; including Walt Disney Pictures Touchstone Pictures Disneynature and since 2012 Marvel Studios which is a part of Disney 's subsidiary Marvel Entertainment .
no_relation	Maceo Parker	James Brown	Mothership Connection was the first P-funk album to feature Maceo Parker and Fred Wesley who had left The J.B.'s James Brown 's backing band .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Prachanda	Nepal	They include Steven Clark Rockefeller Jr a fifth-generation member of the Rockefeller family ; Jack Rosen chairman of the American Jewish Congress ; Leon Charney a real estate tycoon and former US presidential adviser ; Prachanda leader of the Unified Communist Party of Nepal ( Maoist ) and former Prime Minister of Nepal ; and Paras the former Nepali crown prince whose father's monarchy was overthrown by Prachanda's forces .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Mitch McConnell	Kentucky	Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell of Kentucky and incoming House Speaker John Boehner of Ohio were among the Republican leaders who raised concerns about the program in a letter Wednesday to Fed Chairman Ben Bernanke .
per:spouse(e2,e1)	Charles	Henrietta Maria of France	Following the marriage of King Charles I of England to Henrietta Maria of France in 1625 the British adopted the French name for the game .
org:top_members/employees(e2,e1)	Roy Beck	NumbersUSA	Roy Beck the executive director of NumbersUSA a group that has staunchly opposed a legal path for the estimated 12 million illegal immigrants said in an interview that he could support legal status for some young immigrant students .
per:title(e1,e2)	his	producer	In addition to his work as a producer on the Lord of the Rings Trilogy Selkirk worked as the supervising editor for the first two episodes The Fellowship of the Ring and The Two Towers .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	International Atomic Energy Agency	Mohamed ElBaradei	The report by International Atomic Energy Agency chief Mohamed ElBaradei so far can not confirm the absence of undeclared nuclear activities in Iran .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Macedonia	Branko Crvenkovski	According to media from both sides the main points of the proposal from 8 October 2008 are the following : The cabinet of the President of the Republic of Macedonia Branko Crvenkovski announced that the Republic of Macedonia wants serious changes in the latest proposal and that the presented set of ideas could not be a basis for the resolution of the dispute .
org:members(e2,e1)	institute	Technical University of Berlin	Concurrently he served at the institute and as professor at the Technical University of Berlin from 1957 until his retirement in 1974 .
no_relation	British	Winston Churchill	The wraps will be taken off the statue next Wednesday and will see the likeness of the 89-year-old Nobel laureate stand alongside the figures of former British prime ministers Winston Churchill and Benjamin Disraeli .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Robert Rubin	Treasury	Witnesses include former Citi CEO Chuck Prince and former Chairman Robert Rubin who was Treasury secretary during the Clinton administration .
org:founded(e1,e2)	HRE	2003	HRE founded in 2003 is Germany's second-biggest mortgage lender but mainly lends to commercial developers and local bodies not to private home-owners .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Alessandri	Liberal	With the downfall of all groups gathered up again led by Alessandri to create the Liberal Party ( October 1930 ) with a mutual party platform .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Benton	Missouri	Benton left the artistic debates of New York for Missouri .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Saint James School of Medicine	Bonaire	Saint James School of Medicine was established in Bonaire in 1999 and began instruction in 2000 .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	France	Herriot	His activities included liaising with the former Prime Minister of France Herriot and the Roman Catholic Primate of the Gauls Cardinal Pierre-Marie Gerlier later recognized as a Righteous Among the Nations by Yad Vashem Jerusalem Israel .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Dirty Deeds	Darren Wyse	Forming The Pack with Dirty Deeds Darren Wyse and The Hungarian Barbarian the stable would dominate several East Coast independent promotions during the late 1990s including National Championship Wrestling before the stable broke up with Bad Crew fighting Wyse and The Hungarian Barbarian for several years in one of the longest running feuds on the independent circuit .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Welles	Navy	Welles was also instrumental in the Navy 's creation of the Medal of Honor .
per:cities_of_residence(e2,e1)	Brisbane	Dan	The Jones family settled down in Australia at Brisbane in Queensland where Daniel grew up as the youngest of three boys.Daniel's most used nicknames are Dan Waggin Danny Jonesy and Caniel .
org:members(e1,e2)	Tasmania	Bundesliga	After the Regionalliga second place finisher Spandauer SV refused an offer of promotion the way was clear for third-place club Tasmania 1900 to take up the opportunity to represent Berlin in the Bundesliga just two weeks before the start of the 1965 66 season .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Inverclyde Academy	Scotland	It has one primary schools in its vicinity Aileymill a high school Inverclyde Academy as well as a special needs school for handicapped children Glenburn soon to be demolished and become the site of Scotland 's new national female prison HMP Inverclyde .
org:top_members/employees(e1,e2)	Lockheed Martin	Robert J. Stevens	Lockheed Martin Corp.'s chairman Robert J. Stevens urged European regulators to continue to promote transparency and competition warning that the idea that protectionism would strengthen markets is misguided .
org:top_members/employees(e2,e1)	Paul Weller	The Jam	Although spearheaded by the songwriter Paul Weller the rhythm section of Buckler on drums and Bruce Foxton on bass guitar were an integral part of The Jam 's sound and success .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Tom Petersson	Cheap Trick	When Tom Petersson the original bassist for Cheap Trick left in 1980 the three remaining band members chose a much-publicized replacement with Pete Comita .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	NewsX	TAM	NewsX is a 24-hour rolling news television channel in India which was rated India's most watched English news channel by TAM in 2008 .
org:top_members/employees(e2,e1)	Mahmoud Zahar	Hamas	We have maintained that the confrontation between us and the Israeli enemy be within the occupied land said Mahmoud Zahar a Gaza-based Hamas leader .
per:spouse(e1,e2)	Actress Kate	Chris Robinson	Actress Kate 's divorce from rocker Chris Robinson was finalized in Los Angeles Superior Court on Thursday .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	France	Yasser Arafat	Under chairmanship of Pierre France they included among others Issam Sartawi adviser to Yasser Arafat Uri Avnery and Mattityahu Peled members of the Israeli Council for Israeli-Palestinian Peace ( ICIPP ) .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Guyana	Bharrat Jagdeo	But Guyana President Bharrat Jagdeo 's administration said Sunday it was confident Caracas respects its territorial integrity regardless of a long-standing border dispute between the two South American governments .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Yitzhak Rabin	Israel	Lastly this law does not refer to elected representatives for if Yitzhak Rabin was really a pursuer then so are all his followers and that would mean that Amir should have killed over half the population of Israel !
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	His	Tangerine Dream	His early work with tape loops and other repeating sounds was the obvious precursor to the emerging technology of the sequencer which Tangerine Dream quickly adopted upon its arrival .
org:members(e2,e1)	club	Northern League	Established in 1899 the club currently plays in the Northern League Division One having been promoted as Division Two Champions in the 2005 06 season .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Candlebox	Seattle	Some post-grunge bands like Candlebox were from Seattle but the sub-genre was marked by a broadening of the geographical base of grunge with bands like Georgia's Collective Soul and beyond the US to Australia's Silverchair and Britain's Bush who all cemented post-grunge as one of the most commercially viable sub-genres of the late 1990s .
per:cities_of_residence(e2,e1)	Queens	Ja Rule	In the 1980s McGriff founded the Supreme Team a notoriously lucrative and ruthless drug crew that became legendary on the same Queens borough streets that later produced rap stars like Ja Rule and 50 Cent .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Marine Atlantic	Newfoundland	Marine Atlantic 's corporate headquarters are in St. John's Newfoundland and Labrador .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	India	Jawaharlal Nehru	For its part Abe will seek India's views on his proposed axis of democracy involving Japan the United States Australia and India said Mohini Kaul a professor at New Delhi's Jawaharlal Nehru University .
per:title(e2,e1)	Prime Minister	Anders Fogh Rasmussen	Denmark is considering boosting its contingent in Afghanistan by 200 troops to 600 Prime Minister Anders Fogh Rasmussen said Wednesday .
no_relation	Mehsud	Afghanistan	According to both Muslim and another Taliban source when the U.S. invaded in 2001 Mehsud fought with the Taliban in Shah-e-Kot in eastern Afghanistan .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Jack Evans	Washington	Ultimately Ward 2 Councilmember Jack Evans sponsored a proclamation declaring the rickey as Washington 's native cocktail .
org:members(e2,e1)	Ole Miss Rebels	University of Mississippi	The 2010 11 Ole Miss Rebels men's basketball team represented the University of Mississippi during the 2010 11 college basketball season .
per:cities_of_residence(e2,e1)	Hollywood	Eugene Levy	Modern-day contributions to Hollywood by Hamiltonians include SCTV alumni Eugene Levy Martin Short and Dave Thomas .
per:origin(e2,e1)	Italian	Paolo Gentiloni	Then on Thursday Italian Communications Minister Paolo Gentiloni banned the computer game in his country describing it in a statement as cruel and sadistic and insisting it contains encouragement of violence and murder .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	ADM	Decatur	ADM based in Decatur Illinois is one of the world's largest agribusiness companies and a major rail customer shipping ingredients like soybeans and corn and finished products such as ethanol and corn sweeteners all over the country .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Buchanan	United States	Unconvinced that Mormons would accept the new governor Buchanan directed the United States Army to provide a substantial and suitable escort for the newly appointed governor and in so doing precipitated what has long been known as the Utah War .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	New Orleans	Louisiana	The team is a member of the Southland Conference which is part of the National Collegiate Athletic Association's Division I. The team plays its home games at Maestri Field in New Orleans Louisiana .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Middleton High School	Middleton	Haddix lettered in football basketball and baseball at Middleton High School in Middleton Tennessee .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	State	Robert Zoellick	In November 2005 Chalabi traveled to the U.S. and met with top U.S. government officials including Defense Secretary Donald H. Rumsfeld Vice President Dick Cheney Deputy Secretary of State Robert Zoellick Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice and National Security Advisor Stephen Hadley .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Tony Kanal	California	Composing the song began when Tony Kanal was having a fight with Gwen Stefani who was then his girlfriend through the bathroom door of his parents ' house in Yorba Linda California .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Mexico	Antonio de Santa Anna	He received this appointment by the President of Mexico Antonio de Santa Anna and served from 30 December 1842 until his ouster in 1845 .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Saxby Chambliss	Georgia	Clarence Saxby Chambliss ( born November 10 1943 ) is the senior United States Senator from Georgia .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	John Adams	United States	Adams and Liberty is considered the first significant campaign song in American political history and served to support incumbent Federalist John Adams in the 1800 United States presidential election .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	he	Indonesia	In 2002 he was found guilty and jailed for giving the order for the assassination/killing of a Supreme Court Judge of the Republic of Indonesia Syarifuddin Kartasasmita SH .
per:origin(e2,e1)	Australian	Mike Rann	In a press statement the HKSAR government said that South Australian Premier Mike Rann made the offer at a Lunar New Year reception in Adelaide Wednesday hosted by the Hong Kong Economic and Trade Office in Sydney .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Billy Hughes	Australia	It was the first of four seats to be held by Billy Hughes the eleventh Prime Minister of Australia and the longest-serving member of the Australian Parliament .
org:alternate_names(e2,e1)	Malheur Home Telephone Company	Malheur Bell	Additionally acquired controlling interest in the Malheur Home Telephone Company in Oregon better known as Malheur Bell .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Harkin	Iowa	But since Harkin was himself an Iowa Senator attention turned to New Hampshire .
org:alternate_names(e2,e1)	University of Central Florida	UCF Knights	The University of Central Florida Knights men's soccer program commonly referred to as the UCF Knights represents the University of Central Florida in National Collegiate Athletics Association ( NCAA ) Division I. The Knights compete in Conference USA ( C-USA ) and play their home games on UCF's main campus in Orlando Florida at the UCF Soccer and Track Stadium .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Mike Mansfield	Montana	In politics Jeanette Rankin the first woman in congress was born and raised in Missoula while Senators Mike Mansfield the U.S.'s longest serving Senate Majority Leader and Max Baucus Montana 's current and longest serving U.S. Senator both established careers and joined politics while living in the city .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	She	United States	She has become one of the most successful recording artists of the decade with sales of more than 17 million units in the United States and 39 million units worldwide .
org:members(e2,e1)	Parti Keadilan Rakyat	Pakatan Rakyat	The decision was made after deliberating with her family the leadership of the Parti Keadilan Rakyat ( PKR People's Justice Party ) and partners in Pakatan Rakyat ( People's Pact ) Wan Azizah who is the PKR president said at a packed press conference at the PKR headquarters here on Thursday .
org:top_members/employees(e1,e2)	UNP	Ranil Wickremesinghe	For the first time we have a parliament which has no mandate from the people said UNP leader Ranil Wickremesinghe .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Brad Duguid	Ontario	| Panetta Brad Duguid Ontario 's minister of training colleges and universities stated that the program will shift $ 194 million from programs that target our most vulnerable and have the greatest barriers to entering the workforce .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	George H. Pendleton	Ohio	The Act was passed into law in January 1883 ; it was sponsored by Democratic Senator George H. Pendleton of Ohio .
no_relation	guitarist	Gustavo Laureano	Three years later after touring throughout Latin America and the USA having shared festival stages with the likes of Oasis Eric Clapton and Roger Waters among others Ignacio released his sophomore album Anormal ( Hearsay Records Ltd. ) Produced by Ignacio Iker Gastaminza and guitarist Tony Rijos Anormal also includes a guest appearance by Gustavo Laureano lead singer of La Secta All Star in Velocidad de escape and it English version Any year any room any highway .
org:founded(e1,e2)	Emerson Electric Company	1890	Part of the Emerson Electric Company established in 1890 NORPAC Controls distributes Emerson Process products and services to the province of British Columbia Canada .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	r Treasur	y Paul O'Neil	CRAWFORD Texas ? Forme r Treasur y Secretar y Paul O'Neil l ( search ) contends the United States began laying the groundwork for an invasion of Iraq just days after President Bush took office in January 2001 ? more than two years before the start of the U.S.-led war that ousted Saddam Hussein .
per:alternate_names(e2,e1)	Bill Thomas	Halo Burger	The original Flint location changed its name to Bill Thomas ' Halo Burger which is still a thriving business but not at the original location which was torn down in 1979 .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	UCLA	Saul Winstein	In 1990 he moved to the Chair of Organic Chemistry at Birmingham University and was Head of the School of Chemistry there ( 1993 97 ) before moving to UCLA as the Saul Winstein Professor of Chemistry in 1997 .
per:title(e2,e1)	President	Ilham Aliyev	Turkish President Abdullah Gul Azerbaijani President Ilham Aliyev and Georgian President Mikheil Saakashvili on Thursday laid the foundation of the Turkish part of the Baku-Tbilisi-Kars Railway ( BTK ) the semi-official Anatolia news agency reported .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	McGill University	Canada	This is the first study to measure the changing number of patients in a North American population during a period of major progress in the management of CHD said Ariane J. Marelli M.D. lead author of the study and director of the McGill Adult Unit for Congenital Heart Disease Excellence at McGill University in Montreal Quebec Canada .
org:members(e2,e1)	Savannah State University	NCAA Division I	The 2012 Savannah State Tigers football team represented Savannah State University in the 2012 NCAA Division I FCS football season .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Macalester College	MN	Students on crusade against sweatshops Macalester College St. Paul MN USA The letter is one step in a larger movement to ensure Macalester does not fund any companies engaging in sweatshop labor .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	Albert G. Jenkins	Cabell County	Confederate brigadier general Albert G. Jenkins son of a wealthy plantation in Cabell County Virginia ( W.Va . ) .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e2,e1)	Nova Scotia	his	MacKay grew up in Wolfville Nova Scotia with his three siblings .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Mozambique	Joaquim Chissano	The statement followed the deal reached Sunday during talks in Maputo Mozambique that were mediated by that country's former President Joaquim Chissano and a joint team comprising the United Nations the African Union ( AU ) the Southern African Development Community ( SADC ) and the International Organization of the Francophonie .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	England	Ray Williams	Two future captains of England Eric Evans and Jeff Butterfield played for the club in this period as did Ray Williams the Welsh international who eventually became Secretary of the Welsh Rugby Union .
no_relation	Chess	Chuck Berry	In addition to the Chess brothers both films feature portrayals of or based on Willie Dixon Muddy Waters Little Walter Chuck Berry Howlin Wolf and Etta James .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Zachary Taylor	United States	Ringo received a recess appointment from President Zachary Taylor on November 5 1849 to a seat on the United States District Court for the District of Arkansas vacated by Benjamin Johnson .
per:title(e1,e2)	Gagarin	Pilot	On a recommendation Gagarin was sent to the First Chkalov Air Force Pilot 's School in Orenburg and soloed in a MiG-15 in 1957 .
org:founded(e1,e2)	Currie Cup	1889	The club claimed their first Currie Cup title in 1889 ; they repeated this success just three years later winning the title again in 1892 .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Littleton Waller Tazewell	Virginia	His grandson Littleton Waller Tazewell was a U.S. Representative U.S. Senator from and governor of Virginia .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	O'Neill	Northern Ireland	However it is clear that he was in some ways trying to prevent the Northern Ireland Labour Party ( NILP ) from gaining ground.McKittrick David and David McVea ( 2002 ) Making Sense of The Troubles Chicago : Ivan R. Dee p. 29 Northern Ireland was influenced by British politics so the arrival of Harold Wilson in Downing Street meant the NILP had a significant ally in Harold Wilson who was not a committed unionist so that O'Neill was the first Prime Minister of Northern Ireland who could not rely on the support of the UK Government .
per:cities_of_residence(e2,e1)	Detroit	Esham	As noted by Insane Clown Posse member Violent J this album made Kid Rock one of the two biggest rap stars in Detroit in 1990 along with local independent rapper Esham .
org:city_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Ashford	Reculver	A short-lived goods station for Reculver was opened on the main line in 1864 and in 1884 the South Eastern Railway proposed a branch from its Ashford to Ramsgate line to serve Reculver and Herne Bay but this was never built .
per:title(e2,e1)	Actress	Paquin	At the 66th Academy Awards The Piano won three awards : Best Actress for Hunter Best Supporting Actress for Paquin and Best Original Screenplay .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Taiwan	Taiwan Television	Starting around the time of the 2004 Summer Olympics there has been a movement in Taiwan to change all media references to the team to the Taiwanese Team and the mainstream Taiwan Television ( TTV ) is one of the first Taiwanese media outlets to do so .
no_relation	health	California	It includes doctors hospitals and other health care services in more than 100 Northern California cities and towns .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Terry Bright	Geelong	Terry Bright ( born 12 February 1958 ) is a former Australian rules footballer who played for Geelong in the VFL .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Plaek Pibulsonggram	Thailand	This seemingly subservient behavior convinced the regime of Major-General Plaek Pibulsonggram the Prime Minister of the Kingdom of Thailand that Vichy France would not seriously resist a confrontation with Thailand .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Jerry Garcia	Grateful Dead	A 25-year-old Jerry Garcia walks to work from the Grateful Dead communal house at 710 Ashbury Street .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Karl Wolf	Canada	Carl Abou Samah ( ; born April 18 1979 ) better known by his stage name Karl Wolf is a Lebanese-born Canadian musician based in Montreal Quebec Canada .
org:founded(e1,e2)	Jacksonville Axemen	2006	The Jacksonville Axemen founded in 2006 are one of the most successful rugby football teams in the United States both on and off the field .
per:title(e2,e1)	Exchequer	Gordon Brown	Blair announced Thursday he would retire on June 27 after 10 years in power paving the way for Chancellor of the Exchequer Gordon Brown the frontrunner to succeed Blair to step into the coveted top job .
per:title(e2,e1)	Producer	Frank Darabont	Producer Frank Darabont stated in an interview with Fearnet in 2011 that Michonne would officially appear in the third season of the show .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Agriculture	Ann Veneman	She is a close friend of former Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice and former Secretary of Agriculture Ann Veneman .
no_relation	Fatimah	my	Husayn said Fatimah al-Zahra the doyenne of the women of the world is my mother .
per:origin(e2,e1)	French	Edgar	The French artist Edgar ( 1909 2001 ) real name Teboul Yechoua was born in Frenda Algeria on 21 December 1909 and died in Paris in December 2001 .
org:members(e2,e1)	UAW	AFL-CIO	In 1968 Reuther led the UAW out of the AFL-CIO and the UAW did not re-affiliate until after Reuther's death in a 1970 plane crash .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	Qantas	Jetstar Airways	Joyce said that Qantas subsidiaries Jetstar Airways QantasLink and Jetconnect would not be affected by the grounding along with Express Freighters Australia and Atlas Air freight aircraft ( operating on behalf of Qantas Freight and Australian air Express ) .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Fogerty	Fantasy	Under his old Creedence contract however Fogerty owed Fantasy eight more records .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Columbia	Dylan	This month Columbia Records is releasing a three-CD retrospective of Dylan 's Methuselahian career .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	Richard Riordan	Los Angeles	After volunteering for Richard Riordan 's successful campaign for Mayor of Los Angeles she worked as his Government Liaison during the mayoral transition .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Don Owen	Oregon	He shortened his ring name to Mr. Fuji and toured many territories including Don Owen 's Portland Oregon based NWA Pacific Northwest Wrestling where he won many championships .
no_relation	author	Long	The author a troop sergeant of the 15th Light Dragoons looked upon Long as a peerless commander .
org:top_members/employees(e1,e2)	bank	Duvvuri Subbarao	The measures are to arrest the downturn in the economy and revive growth said the bank 's governor Duvvuri Subbarao .
org:members(e1,e2)	OFC Nations Cup	New Zealand	This success was followed up with the title of 2012 OFC Nations Cup becoming the first team other than Australia and New Zealand to win the competition .
per:origin(e1,e2)	Aldo Moro	Italian	The widow of Aldo Moro the former Italian prime minister kidnapped and murdered by the leftist Red Brigades in 1978 has died aged 94 media reports said .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	Chrysler	Division	SERV short for Single-stage Earth-orbital Reusable Vehicle was a proposed space launch system designed by Chrysler 's Space Division for the Space Shuttle project .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Nigeria	Sani Abacha	Air Commodore ( retired ) Ibrahim Dada was Administrator of Borno State Nigeria from December 1993 to August 1996 during the military administration of General Sani Abacha .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Giulio Andreotti	Italy	Abdel-Rahman's claims were confirmed Thursday by Giulio Andreotti who was Italy 's foreign affairs minister at the time .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Normandale Community College	Bloomington	He is a senior corporate tax accountant for Ameriprise Financial.Minnesota Legislators Past Present - Legislator Record - Chamberlain Roger C Chamberlain attended Normandale Community College in Bloomington receiving his A.A.S. in law enforcement .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	Stockholm	Royal Institute of Technology	After some years as a temporary lecturer at the Physics Department at Stockholm University and at the Quantum Chemistry Uppsala University Essen got permanent employment as a lecturer at the Mechanics dept at the Royal Institute of Technology in 1988 .
no_relation	Nord Stream AG	Gasunie	Gazprom for now holds 51 percent stake in Nord Stream AG the operator of the project while Germany's Wintershall Holding and E. ON Ruhrgas take 20 percent each and Holland's Gasunie controls the remaining 9 percent .
org:top_members/employees(e2,e1)	Michael J. Hogan	University of Connecticut	For example The Chronicle reported in late September Michael J. Hogan president of the University of Connecticut declined what would most likely have been a $ performance bonus .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Abdul Majid al-Khoei	Iraq	Soon after the fall of Baghdad to US forces in 2003 another one of his sons Sayyid Abdul Majid al-Khoei returned to Iraq with plans to revive Najaf to the glory and splendor it enjoyed under the patronage of his father .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Cairo	Fuad I of Egypt	Cairo : s.n. Prior to his political career Refki served in the royal court as Chief Aide-de-Camp ( ; Kebeer-al-Yawaran ) to King Fuad I of Egypt in which capacity he commanded the Military Household of the King ( predecessor to the modern-day Republican Guard of Egypt ) the royal guard and other elite military formations.Soria L. Blattner E.J. Le Mondain Egyptien ( The Egyptian Who's Who ) : L'Annuaire De L'Elite D'Egypte .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	Mesaba Airlines	Northwest Airlines	In the following weeks Northwest Airlink carriers Mesaba Airlines and Pinnacle Airlines both announced that Northwest Airlines had missed payments to them for their Airlink flying .
org:founded(e2,e1)	1999	Telus	In 1999 Telus Corporation was created by the merger of Telus ( Alberta ) and BCTel .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	UCLA	Saul Winstein	He completed his doctorate at Harvard in 1947 under the mentorship of Paul D. Bartlett and a postdoc at UCLA with Saul Winstein in 1948 .
org:members(e2,e1)	Brisbane Broncos	National Rugby League	He previously played for the Brisbane Broncos and North Queensland Cowboys in the National Rugby League .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Indian Overseas Bank	India	Early on in his career as a banker Arunaachalam worked with the Indian Overseas Bank in India .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Mell	Geneon	is Mell 's third single under Geneon Entertainment .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	He	Virginia	He spent nearly as much of his time from 1652 to his death in 1664 in London as he did in Virginia .
org:city_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Albany	State University of New York	Her two friends from Albany who went on the trip were Carole Ferraro who teaches English as a second language at the State University of New York at Albany and is a member of Upper Hudson Peace Action and John Amidon a member of the Albany Chapter of Veterans for Peace .
no_relation	Big Boy	Restaurant	Location : Big Boy Restaurant 497 Zeeb Road Ann Arbor MI .
no_relation	Florida	H. Lee Moffitt Cancer Center Research Institute	All Children shares its pediatric expertise through research and education affiliations with the University of South Florida ( USF Health ) as well as the H. Lee Moffitt Cancer Center Research Institute .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Germany	Hermann	At the same time Social Democratic Party of Germany ( SPD ) under leadership of German chancellor Hermann agreed with anti-communist parties that red equals brown .
org:founded(e1,e2)	Richard Ivey School of Business	1922	The Richard Ivey School of Business part of UWO was formed in 1922 and ranked among the best business schools in the country by the Financial Times in 2009 .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Livingston High School	Livingston	Livingston High School is a four-year comprehensive public high school that serves students in ninth through twelfth grade from Livingston in Essex County New Jersey operating as part of the Livingston Public Schools .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Susan Collins	Maine	Besides the support of Carte Goodwin the West Virginian to be sworn in Tuesday to succeed Byrd Democrats are counting on the votes of Sens. Susan Collins and Olympia J. Snowe the two Maine Republicans to reach the minimum 60 votes needed to overcome the threat of a Republican filibuster .
org:founded(e2,e1)	2007	First American	The following discloses the relative 2007 market shares among the five U.S. national families of title insurers i.e. Fidelity National Financial First American Land America Stewart and Old Republic and the regional companies i.e. those not affiliated with the national families .
org:members(e2,e1)	Tigers	Southeastern Conference	It was the Tigers ' 75th overall and 33rd season as a member of the Southeastern Conference ( SEC ) .
per:title(e1,e2)	Salmon P. Chase	Treasury	Chase City was incorporated in 1873 and named for Salmon P. Chase United States Chief Justice and Lincoln's Secretary of the Treasury .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	SFR	Neuf Cegetel	In December Vivendi said its SFR mobile phone unit had agreed a deal to give it full control of Neuf Cegetel an Internet service provider .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Nepal	Prachanda	Nepal 's largest party Unified Communist Party of Nepal ( Maoist ) ( UCPN-M ) Chairman Prachanda has been rejected for the fourth time in the fourth run-off election held to elect new Prime Minister on Firday .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Vanessa Paradis	France	It's a complete mystery but there is definitely something quite special between us explained Depp who has just bought partner Vanessa Paradis a vineyard adjacent to their home in the south of France .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Def Jam	Redman	Many references to Bozak ( often spelled Bozack ) can be found in modern hip hop music song titles and lyrics where the word can stand for the Bozak DJ mixer as well as for ability and virility : A producer known as Mister Bozack has worked with Def Jam Recordings on several rap albums for Redman and EPMD .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Olga Souza	Brazil	In 2001 Olga Souza released the third Corona album this time on the Abril Music label in Brazil .
per:alternate_names(e1,e2)	Judy Garland	Frances Ethel Gumm	Judy Garland ( born Frances Ethel Gumm ; June 10 1922 June 22 1969 ) was an American actress singer and vaudevillian .
per:title(e1,e2)	Eric Burdon	musician	According to lead singer Eric Burdon Rowberry while considered a good musician was chosen partly because of his passing physical resemblance to Price .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Sabah	Musa Aman	McMurray told reporters this when she called on Sabah Chief Minister Auk Seri Musa Aman at his official residence here .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Iceland	,	The Minister for Iceland at the time of the signing of the agreement , became the first Prime Minister of Iceland .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Navy	Donald C. Winter	Owens's attorney said he would urge Navy Secretary Donald C. Winter to reject that recommendation and allow Owens 23 of Savannah Ga. to serve in the Navy .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	State	William L. Marcy	On August 29 1853 Baron the Austrian d'affaires in Washington wrote to Secretary of State William L. Marcy asking for the United States to disavow the conduct of its agents . . hasten to call them to a severe account and tender to Austria a satisfaction proportionate to the outrage basing his request on the ground that Koszta had never ceased to be a citizen of Austria and that Ingraham's threat was in violation of international law .
org:city_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Roanoke Virginia	Norfolk and Western Railway	He served as president of the Roanoke Virginia based Norfolk and Western Railway from 1936 to 1946 and chairman from 1946 to 1953 .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	US Airways	US	US Airways and Delta disagreed with the decision and said they planned to sue the US DOT .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Mikhail Gorbachev	Soviet Union	He ignored threats from the last Soviet leader Mikhail Gorbachev and decided to break away from the Soviet Union 's Communist Party and formed Democratic Labour Party that became one of Lithuania's key political forces and later merged with Social Democrats .
org:founded_by(e2,e1)	Phyllis Schlafly	Eagle Forum	In his contest against Nixon Spence carries the support of Phyllis Schlafly 's Eagle Forum political action committee .
org:founded(e1,e2)	Virgin Mobile Canada	2005	In 2004 Neuman orchestrated the deal with Virgin Mobile to form a new jointly owned property Virgin Mobile Canada launched in February 2005 .
org:alternate_names(e1,e2)	Fox8	Foxtel	The show was held at Sydney's Australian Technology Park in Redfern on 26 April 2008 and aired live on MTV Australia and Fox8 on the Foxtel Austar and Optus platforms in Australia and 28 April on SKY Digital in New Zealand .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Kenny Rogers	RCA Records	Kenny Rogers 's 1980s back catalog ( originally released on RCA Records ) was re-issued by Sanctuary's Castle Music label in conjunction with Kenny Rogers ' Dreamcatcher Records in the UK .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Energy	Samuel Bodman	Massachusetts and Texas in projects backed by their public colleges were selected to receive federal support to build wind technology testing centers U.S. Energy Secretary Samuel Bodman said Monday .
org:members(e2,e1)	Finley Hospital	Iowa Health System	Dubuque's other hospital is The Finley Hospital which is a member of the Iowa Health System 's network of hospitals .
per:title(e1,e2)	Larry Levan	DJ	Larry Levan ( born Lawrence Philpot July 20 1954 November 8 1992 ) was an American DJ best known for his decade-long residency at the New York City night club Paradise Garage which has been described as the prototype of the modern dance club .
org:members(e2,e1)	FGCU	Division I	FGCU completed the four year transition to NCAA Division I for all athletics programs in 2011 .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Robyn	Sweden	Robyn entered Sweden 's pre-selection for Eurovision Song Contest 1997 as co-writer and producer of the song Du mig hel igen which was performed by Cajsalisa Ejemyr .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	Pratibha Patil	Jalgaon	Pratibha Mahila Sahakari Bank ( Pratibha Women Cooperative Bank ) is a cooperative bank founded by Pratibha Patil ( who later became the President of India ) in 1973 in Jalgaon in Maharashtra with the objective of empowering women .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Grey Coat Hospital	Westminster	She was educated at the Grey Coat Hospital Westminster the University of Kent at Canterbury Goldsmiths College University of London and the Institute of Education University of London .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Council on Foreign Relations	New York	Harper was responding to questions after a speech at the Council on Foreign Relations in New York .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	I Holdings Co.	Japan	7-Eleven branded stores under parent company Seven I Holdings Co. are located in 16 countries with its largest markets being Japan ( ) the United States ( ) Thailand ( ) Canada the Philippines Hong Kong Taiwan Malaysia .
no_relation	Orson	Mercury	He then worked for Irving Berlin as a stage manager and production assistant and for Orson Welles Mercury Theatre company as an assistant director .
org:founded(e2,e1)	1977	Botswana Federation of Trade Unions	In the 1970s the Botswana Trade Union and Education Centre was created and it was replaced in 1977 by the current national trade union centre the Botswana Federation of Trade Unions ( BFTU ) .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Mick Taylor	Decca	Rolling Stones Records is the record label formed by The Rolling Stones members Mick Jagger Keith Richards Mick Taylor Charlie Watts and Bill Wyman in 1970 after their recording contract with Decca Records expired .
per:country_of_birth(e2,e1)	Venezuela	Hugo	The late-20th - and early-21st-century president of Venezuela Hugo ( 1954 2013 ) grew up being told that Maisanta was his great-great grandfather and subsequently held a great deal of reverence for him .
no_relation	itself	Star Cruises	NCL itself was acquired by the Star Cruises subsidiary of Malaysia-based Genting Group in 2000 .
org:members(e2,e1)	Northern Iowa Panthers	University of Northern Iowa	The 2013 Northern Iowa Panthers football team represented the University of Northern Iowa in the 2013 NCAA Division I FCS football season .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Prussia	Adolf Heinrich von Arnim-Boitzenburg	The Kingdom of Prussia was an absolute monarchy until the Revolutions of 1848 in the German states after which Prussia became a constitutional monarchy and Adolf Heinrich von Arnim-Boitzenburg was elected as Prussia's first prime minister .
org:top_members/employees(e2,e1)	Lester James Peiris	Radio	Other Sri Lankan personalities such as Owen de Abrew the most senior Ballroom Dance professional on the island and top film director Lester James Peiris ( who reviewed books for ' Radio Bookshelf ' ) were involved in radio programmes on the airwaves .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Pierce	United States	Pierce was elected President of the United States on the Democratic ticket and served from March 4 1853 to March 3 1857 .
no_relation	James	Buffalo	James was set to record in a studio in downtown Buffalo when Bobby suggested he check out the spot where he was recording .
no_relation	Pat Boone	Oakridge Boys	Some have been recorded by over 300 other artists including Cliff Richard Tennessee Ernie Ford Pat Boone Petula Clark The Oakridge Boys Randy Stonehill and dcTalk .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	South Africa	Smith	Kissinger flew to South Africa and met with Smith and Vorster in Pretoria .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Kapoor	India	Today Kapoor is considered as one of the most popular Bollywood celebrities in India .
no_relation	Addis Ababa	Ethiopian Airlines	All members of the team flew from London to Addis Ababa on Ethiopian Airlines .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Sprint	Overland Park	The seven-year deal valued between $ 4.5 billion and $ 5 billion will transfer about Sprint employees to an Ericsson-owned subsidiary based near Sprint 's Overland Park Kansas headquarters .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	State	Robert Zoellick	The first round co-chaired by former Deputy Secretary of State Robert Zoellick and Dai Bingguo on Aug. 1 2 2005 addressed issues such as trade and economic issues energy security cooperation against terrorism democracy and human rights .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Ante Paveli?	d Spai	Ante Paveli? ?leader of the Ustasha fled to Argentina an d Spai n which gave him protection and was never extradited to stand trial for his war crimes .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Synovus	Georgia	Columbus Ga.-based Synovus is the second-largest banking company headquartered in Georgia after Atlanta-based SunTrust Banks .
org:city_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	New York	Lord Taylor	Carmichael has spent time in New York City shooting a feature film and shooting for print national commercials including Ralph Lauren for Lord Taylor Ann Taylor Charles Voegele Dillards Toys R Us and others .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Werriwa	Gough Whitlam	He was re-elected as the ALP member for Werriwa in 1978 following the retirement of former prime minister Gough Whitlam as the member for Werriwa .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Samuel Wescott	Jersey City	Samuel Wescott was the tenth Mayor of Jersey City .
no_relation	Idaho	Craig	Idaho Governor Butch Otter ( really ) is expected to appoint another Republican to replace Craig .
per:cities_of_residence(e2,e1)	Paris	Henri Rousseau	The Paris artworld also included Hemingway who enjoys knitting Erik Satie Guillaume Apollinaire Henri Rousseau Vincent van Gogh and no less than two Toulouse-Lautrec .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	South Korea	Daewoo Motor	This car was developed in South Korea under the Daewoo Motor era but it gradually became a GM world car sold under many different marques all around the globe .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Manmohan Singh	India	jpg | Manmohan Singh Prime Minister of India File : Gillani_2008 .
no_relation	CSN Bay Area	San Francisco Giants	Although the network was originally aimed at the Northern California region the network began to expand as a complement to their Bay Area station beginning with a re-branding to Comcast SportsNet California in September 2008 and becoming the official broadcaster of the Oakland Athletics ( who were originally served by CSN Bay Area in addition to the San Francisco Giants ) for the 2009 MLB season broadcasting an increased regular season of 145 regular season games ( an increase of 37 from in 2008 ) On TV Glen Kuiper covers play-by-play and Ray Fosse provides color commentary .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Italy	Giuseppe Saragat	In 1970 he visited Italy as a guest of President Giuseppe Saragat and in Milan he met Giordano Dell ' Amore President of Italian Savings Banks Association .
org:founded_by(e2,e1)	David Cage	Quantic Dream	He currently is co-CEO with David Cage the founder and creative figure of Quantic Dream CFO and executive producer ( Fahrenheit Heavy Rain ) .
per:country_of_birth(e1,e2)	She	Japan	She is the grandchild of former Prime minister of Japan Noboru Takeshita and the older sister of rock singer Daigo .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	Lisa Murkowski	Anchorage	Incumbent Republican U.S. Senator Lisa Murkowski of Anchorage sought election to her first full term after being appointed to serve out the rest of her father's unexpired term when he resigned in December 2002 to become Governor of Alaska .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Switzerland	Samuel Schmid	Switzerland is mobilising about police officers and soldiers said Swiss minister of state Samuel Schmid in March .
no_relation	Italy	Vittorio Gassman	Still another film version of the story made in Italy in 1948 starred Vittorio Gassman .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Lamar University	Beaumont	In 1982 Stephens went on to coach at Lamar University in Beaumont Texas but resigned in 1985 after four consecutive losing seasons .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Chile	Jorge Alessandri	resurfaced in Chile in 1961 where the government at the time led by conservative President Jorge Alessandri granted him permission to create the Dignidad Beneficent Society on a farm outside of Parral .
per:spouse(e1,e2)	Nicolas Sarkozy	Carla Bruni	Nicolas Sarkozy and Carla Bruni wanted people to know she told France-Info radio .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Venezuela	Hugo	In an open letter dating back to May 2012 former Permanent Representative of Venezuela to the United Nations ( 1991 1993 ) and President of the Security Council ( March 1992 ) Diego Arria called him Hugo 's Defense Minister not Venezuela's .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Italy	Giorgio Napolitano	Italy 's President Giorgio Napolitano dissolved parliament Wednesday paving the way for a snap election without changing the country's electoral law .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Brandeis University	Massachusetts	Hyman graduated from Brandeis University in Waltham Massachusetts and received a Thomas J. Watson Fellowship to travel and write in Europe .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	Koodo Mobile	Telus Mobility	On March 17 2008 nearly a year after Amp 'd Mobile Canada's debut Koodo Mobile was launched by Telus Mobility as their discount MVNO .
org:top_members/employees(e2,e1)	Phyllis Schlafly	Eagle Forum	Birdwell secured the support of activists from Phyllis Schlafly 's Eagle Forum and the Tea Party movement Texas Republican National Committeeman Bill Crocker as well as several sheriffs and county commissioners across the largely conservative district .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Michael Jackson	Epic	Quo was a short-lived rap group composed of Wade Robson ( born 1982 ) and DeWayne Turrentine ( born 1979 ) that was signed to Michael Jackson 's Epic Records sub-label MJJ Music during the explosion of kid rap duos .
per:country_of_birth(e2,e1)	France	Marceau	Born Marcel Mangel to a Jewish family in Strasbourg France Marceau escaped the Nazis joined the French Resistance and worked as a liaison to General Patton's army .
per:origin(e1,e2)	Martin Rogan	Irish	Martin Rogan ( born 1 May 1971 in Belfast Northern Ireland ) is an Irish heavyweight boxer and former Commonwealth heavyweight title holder .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Navy	Donald C. Winter	It's become a great tradition agreed Navy Secretary Donald C. Winter .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Connecticut	Christopher Dodd	Whitnum was a candidate for the 2010 Democratic nomination for the United States Senate from the State of Connecticut for the seat previously held by Christopher Dodd .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	hero	Philippines	The 29-year-old fighter is a folk hero in the Philippines a son of vegetable farmers and grade-school dropout who has conquered the hearts of a country where two people in five live on less than two dollars a day .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Ohio	Ohio Central Railroad	The line became known as the Panhandle Route and was operated in the Pennsylvania Railroad system and currently by the Columbus and Ohio River Railroad ( Ohio Central Railroad System ) .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Sweden	Ingmar Bergman	FARO Sweden : Start of week dedicated to director Ingmar Bergman .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	CBS	Columbia Records	CBS Records International simply referred to as CBS in logo was the international arm of the Columbia Records unit of Columbia Broadcasting System Inc. ( CBS ) that was formed in 1961 and launched in 1962 .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	His	United States	His early trips to the western United States inspired a period of images of cowboys and Native Americans that dramatized the Old West .
per:title(e1,e2)	Rose McGowan	actress	Rose McGowan - Born in Florence Italy to an Irish artist and a French writer this actress has a tattooed figure of a Varga Girl on her back .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Legislative Council	Rita Fan	NPC delegate and former Legislative Council president Rita Fan stated that whether the government sought an interpretation before or after the case it would be criticised either way for inviting interference in Hong Kong affairs ; she also opined that an interpretation of the Basic Law would be a more appropriate method of dealing with the case as opposed to Basic Law Committee deputy head Elsie Leung's suggestion of an amendment .
no_relation	Niger	Seyni Oumarou	Libya's Prime Minister Baghdadi Ali Muhamudi arrived Friday in Niger's capital Niamey where he will co-preside a meeting of the commission overseeing cooperation between the two countries.Muhamudi who was greeted at the airport by his Niger counterpart Seyni Oumarou declined to talk to journalists .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	she	India	Besides she also served as Managing Director of HSBC Securities and Capital Markets India .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e2,e1)	Iowa	Grassley	Former Iowa Democratic Party Chairman Michael Kiernan said that he had recruited trial lawyer Roxanne Conlin to challenge Grassley .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Genpact	India	I strongly believe that we are in the midst of a huge crisis said Pramod Basin chief executive of Genpact India .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	He	European Parliament	He was the European Parliament Rapporteur on the human rights in the world for 2007 .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Terence O'Neill	Northern Ireland	O'Neill was the third son of Edward O'Neill 2nd Baron O'Neill and the uncle of Terence O'Neill Prime Minister of Northern Ireland .
no_relation	area	300	The old Wuhuliao Bridge which collapsed after Typhoon Sinlaku hit the Chiayi area in September 2008 was rebuilt some 300 meters downstream from its original spot .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Ferris State University	Michigan	In 2006 Gibson accepted a head coaching job with Ferris State University in the Great Lakes Intercollegiate Athletic Conference in Big Rapids Michigan .
org:founded(e2,e1)	1972	Front National	In 1972 Le Pen founded the Front National ( FN ) party along with former OAS member Jacques Bompard former Collaborationist Roland Gaucher and others nostalgics of Vichy France neo-Nazi pagans Traditionalist Catholics and others .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	George Washington	Continental Army	In place of political standoffs was a pageant of pomp and circumstance full of magical moments such as the Army's Old Guard Fife and Drum Corps parading on the South Lawn in uniforms patterned after George Washington 's Continental Army .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Alex Kapranos	Franz Ferdinand	Michael Stipe of R.E.M. commented that has a great understanding of light and a rare eye for beauty and portraiture while Alex Kapranos of Franz Ferdinand said that working with nothing feels invasive or exploitative .
org:founded(e1,e2)	Rocky Mountain High School	1973	Rocky Mountain High School opened at its current location in 1973 and was expanded in 1994 .
no_relation	Salvador	Texas	In 2008 30-millimeter ( 1.2-inch ) specimens were found off the coast of Little San Salvador in the Bahamas by researchers from the University of Texas .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Daniel Ortega	Nicaragua	Newly elected President Daniel Ortega of Nicaragua signed the agreement in January 2007 ; Venezuela agreed to forgive Nicaragua's US$ 31 million debt as a result .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Zambia	Levy Mwanawasa	Zambia 's presidential by-election will held within 90 days after the death of President Levy Mwanawasa on Tuesday .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Robert Rubin	Treasury	Then I would go after Robert Rubin Clinton's Sec of Treasury who pushed for the legislation and went back to work on Wall Street after the Clinton's terms were finished .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Zorn	Tzadik	Masada recorded the music on a series of ten CDs on the Japanese DIW label and a number of live recordings on Zorn 's Tzadik label .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	Robyn	Stockholm	During these years Meja also contributed to the world's music scene by headhunting her fellow artist Robyn in a local school in Stockholm where she was performing one of her first songs as a young girl .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Doro	AFM Records	Let Love Rain on Me is an EP by German hard rock singer Doro Pesch released in 2004 through AFM Records .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	Denholm Elliott	Ibiza	In 1967 Terry-Thomas met his long-term friend Denholm Elliott in Bel Air and the pair discussed Elliott's new villa in Santa des Riu on the Spanish island of Ibiza .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Japan	Junichiro Koizumi	Nukaga returned to the position of Minister of State and head of the Japan Defense Agency on October 31 2005 under Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi and remained in that position until September 2006 .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Iran	Ruhollah Khomeini	Iran does not recognise the Jewish state and Ahmadinejad earned notoriety shortly after his 2005 election by saying that Israel should be wiped off the map quoting Iran 's revolutionary leader ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	David Oliver	USA	David Oliver ( USA ) 7.60 Q .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	MKC Networks	Ontario	MKC Networks was a privately owned supplier of VoIP ( Voice over IP ) equipment and software components headquartered in Ottawa Ontario Canada .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Reform Party	Preston Manning	Elley joined the Reform Party of Canada then led by Preston Manning in 1988 .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Australia	General Motors	Built in Australia by General Motors Corp.'s Holden subsidiary the G8 will replace the Grand Prix and the previously discontinued Bonneville in the .
per:origin(e2,e1)	Puerto Rico	Ricky Martin	Labels : hate crimes HomoQuotable pop music Puerto Rico Ricky Martin .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Telekom Malaysia	Malaysia	Telekom Malaysia Bhd ( TM ) Malaysia 's leading telecom operator vows to further extend high - speed broadband ( HSBB ) service with higher investment in 2010 the group's chairman Halim Shafie said here Wednesday .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	California Golden Bears	Berkeley	The 1958 59 California Golden Bears men's basketball team represented the University of California Berkeley in NCAA University Division ( now known as Division I ) men's basketball competition .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	Tata Motors	Land Rover	Tata Motors intends to use the net proceeds from this offering for repayment of debt incurred in connection with the acquisition of Jaguar Land Rover the company said .
org:founded(e2,e1)	1954	HSUS	In 1954 HSUS founders decided to create a new kind of animal organization based in the nation capital to confront national cruelties beyond the reach of local societies and state federations .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Pakistan	Pervez Musharraf	A notable political movement was seen on Saturday when the leaders of two pro- establishment political parties Pakistan Muslim League-Q ( PML-Q ) former ruling party and an ally of Ex - President Pervez Musharraf and Pakistan Muslim League-F ( PML-F ) announced their parties ' merger .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	Rissho University	Tokyo	of Rissho University of Tokyo concurs .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Pakistan	Liaquat Ali Khan	The British commander of Pakistan Army General Douglas Gracey refused to sent the army units but Liaquat Ali Khan ordered the independent units of the Pakistan Army to intervene in the conflict .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	UNIS	New York	Alec Peterson became IBO's first Director General and in 1968 twelve schools in twelve countries participated in the IBDP including Atlantic College and UNIS of New York .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	168th Brigade Support Battalion	Fort Sill	The 168th Brigade Support Battalion is a support battalion of the United States Army based at Fort Sill Oklahoma .
org:alternate_names(e1,e2)	Houghton College	Houghton	In 1993 he was named Houghton College Alumnus of the Year and received an honorary degree of Doctor of Pedagogy ( DPd ) from Houghton in 2000 .
per:title(e1,e2)	Jon Bon Jovi	musician	John Francis Bongiovi Jr. ( born March 2 1962 ) known as Jon Bon Jovi is an American musician singer songwriter record producer and actor best known as the founder and lead singer of rock band Bon Jovi which was formed in 1983 .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	People's Justice Party	Wan Azizah Wan Ismail	Anwar is currently adviser to Parti Keadilan Rakyat or the People's Justice Party which is formally run by his wife Wan Azizah Wan Ismail .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Jerry Garcia	California	This is a meaty effort one that takes a wide perspective whether Powell is offering up an encomium for Jerry Garcia ( Consolation to a Dancer ) or tracing the history of Northern California as he does in the extended sequence that makes up the last half of the book and channels a succession of voices beginning with the Mimbres ancients who buried family skeletons / prone underneath their pueblo household floors / with broad ceramic bowls inverted over skulls interred / eye sockets upward below their earthen domes / the inner face a painted hemisphere !
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	He	Philippines	He is also a faculty member at the University of the Philippines College of Music in Diliman Quezon City Philippines .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Nepal	Prachanda	Nepal 's UCPN-M chairman Prachanda on way to London .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	McMicken College of Arts and Sciences	University of Cincinnati	She went to Long Beach in 2007 after six years as dean of the McMicken College of Arts and Sciences at the University of Cincinnati and five years as dean of the College of Arts and Letters at Old Dominion University in Norfolk Va .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Sir Lloyd	Barbados	As of 2010 Sir Lloyd is serving as Barbados ' first resident ambassador in Beijing China .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Kyrgyzstan	Kurmanbek Bakiyev	Kyrgyzstan 's army and police are now under the control of the new interim government ousted president Kurmanbek Bakiyev conceded Thursday after a violent revolt in the Central Asian state .
per:country_of_birth(e1,e2)	Ian Douglas Smith	Rhodesia	Ian Douglas Smith was born in the village of Selukwe in central Rhodesia of a Scottish father Jock and Rhodesian-born mother Agnes .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Chen Shui-bian	DPP	In the conclusion of the book however Liu says that the United States is still haunted by the Chen Shui-bian nightmare more than two years after Chen stepped down fearing that a second Chen Shui-bian will appear if the Democratic Progressive Party ( DPP ) returns to power .
no_relation	Macedonia	Nikola Gruevski	Government officials in Macedonia say conservative Prime Minister Nikola Gruevski has reshuffled his Cabinet replacing his finance minister and four other top posts .
org:city_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Surrey	Lord Tweedsmuir Secondary School	Clayton Heights is one of the smallest high schools in Surrey due to the proximity of Lord Tweedsmuir Secondary School which is around five kilometers away .
no_relation	Chaucer College	Shumei University	During the first semester Chaucer College welcomes Shumei University first-year students from four faculties : Their programme consists of a combination of intensive study of the English language combined with preparatory work on the subjects that will form the major component of their Shumei University degree .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	NDP	Alexa McDonough	The Halifax NDP led by Alexa McDonough throughout this period emphasized established party policy and expected MLAs to subscribe to this first before formulating their opinions on issues .
per:title(e1,e2)	Vlad	producer	Infobox person Vlad Kozlov ( full name Vladislav Kozlov ) is an actor producer director and scriptwriter .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	KEB	South Korea	Foreign currency coinage exchangeable at KEB are : Other commercial banks in South Korea that provide foreign exchange services include Kookmin Bank and Shinhan Bank .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	The Morning Of	Tragic Hero Records	The Way I Fell In is the second studio album by the American pop rock band The Morning Of it was released through Tragic Hero Records and LAB Records on May 11 2010 .
no_relation	Hale School	Anglican	This is a list of Old Haleians they being notable former students of Hale School an Anglican Church school presently located in Wembley Downs a suburb of Perth Western Australia .
org:top_members/employees(e1,e2)	Civic Democratic Party	Mirek Topolanek	Klaus considered to be a favorite to win the vote was nominated by the ruling Civic Democratic Party of Prime Minister Mirek Topolanek .
no_relation	Chancellor	Martin Taylor	Lex boasts some distinguished alumni who have gone on to make careers in business and government including Nigel Lawson ( former Conservative Chancellor of the Exchequer ) Richard Lambert ( CBI director and former member of the Bank of England's monetary policy committee ) Martin Taylor ( former chief executive of Barclays ) John Makinson ( chairman and chief executive of Penguin ) John Gardiner ( former chairman of Tesco ) David Freud ( former UBS banker and Labour adviser now a Conservative peer ) John Kingman ( former head of UKFI and a banker at Rothschild ) George Graham ( RBS banker ) Andrew Balls ( head of European portfolio management at PIMCO ) and Jo Johnson ( Conservative Member of Parliament for Orpington ) .
org:members(e2,e1)	Tennessee State University	National Collegiate Athletic Association	The 2009 Middle Tennessee Blue Raiders football team represented Middle Tennessee State University in the National Collegiate Athletic Association ( NCAA ) Division I Football Bowl Subdivision ( FBS ) college football for the 2009 season .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Seton Hall University	South Orange	Seton Hall University is a private Roman Catholic university in South Orange New Jersey United States .
org:city_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Taichung County	Ming-Dao High School	American Institute in Taiwan ( AIT ) spokesman Thomas Hodges awarded four students from Taichung County 's Ming-Dao High School Wednesday with first prize in an international Web site design contest called Doors to Diplomacy .
per:spouse(e1,e2)	Leo	Ariadne	Her sister-in-law was Empress consort to Leo I and mother to Ariadne .
org:alternate_names(e1,e2)	All Nippon Airways	ANA	Air Japan serves the following destinations ( as of January 2013 ) : All passenger routes are code-shared with All Nippon Airways and operate in a variant of ANA livery .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Best Co.	New York	The first incarnation of Best Co. was founded in 1879 in New York City by Albert Best as the Liliputian Bazaar .
org:members(e1,e2)	United States Football League	Baltimore Stars	He's been a color announcer the last 10 years for the Ravens who arrived in 1996 after cameo appearances by the United States Football League 's Baltimore Stars and the Canadian Football League's Baltimore Stallions earlier in the decade .
org:alternate_names(e1,e2)	Interpol	International Criminal Police Organization	In addition the Law Enforcement Division is the state of Texas liaison to Interpol ( International Criminal Police Organization ) and the U.S. Department of the Treasury Financial Crimes Enforcement Network ( FinCEN ) .
per:title(e1,e2)	Ghada Al-Samman	poet	Ghada Al-Samman ( ) is a Syrian writer journalist and novelist born in Damascus in 1942 to a prominent and conservative Damascene family she is remotely related to Nizar Qabbani the famous poet .
org:alternate_names(e1,e2)	federal investigation agency	FIA	The first attack demolished part of the federal investigation agency ( FIA ) office in the eastern Pakistani city exposing the inside of the building and leaving piles of blackened rubble and burning cars .
org:top_members/employees(e2,e1)	Phyllis Schlafly	Eagle Forum	Phyllis Schlafly the leader of the conservative Eagle Forum said the Giuliani surge in public opinion polls would be short - lived and that Giuliani's pledge to appoint conservative jurists would not win over the GOP base .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	University of the Philippines	Diliman	It was founded in 1997 based on the home field of the club which is called Sunken Garden located inside the University of the Philippines main campus in Diliman Quezon City described as a natural convergence point for football lovers especially during weekends in a report in the Sun Star Manila .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Canada	Stephen Harper	In Canada 's general election on Monday Conservative Party leader Stephen Harper and his party are posing a strong challenge to incumbent Prime Minister Paul Martin and his Liberal Party .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Italy	Carolina Kostner	Italy 's Carolina Kostner moved closer to a third European figure skating title by leading Friday's short programme .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Nigeria	Sani Abacha	Colonel ( later Brigadier-General ) Dominic Obukadata Oneya was Administrator of Kano State Nigeria from August 1996 to August 1998 during the military regime of General Sani Abacha then Administrator of Benue State from August 1998 to May 1999 during the transitional regime of General Abdulsalami Abubakar handing over power to the elected executive governor George Akume on 29 May 1999 .
org:members(e2,e1)	West Virginia Mountaineers	Big East	After weighing collegiate scholarship offers from St. John's University and Clemson University Gyorko chose to remain near home enrolling at WVU in order to play college baseball for the West Virginia Mountaineers baseball team which competed in the Big East Conference of the National Collegiate Athletic Association's ( NCAA ) Division I. Gyorko began his collegiate career with a 21-game hitting streak registering a .500 batting average during the streak .
org:city_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Clayton County	C-TRAN	The Clayton County C-TRAN was a bus transportation system in Clayton County Georgia that ran from 2001 to 2010 .
per:country_of_birth(e2,e1)	Luxembourg	Jean-Claude Juncker	Redange is the birthplace of Luxembourg 's Prime Minister Jean-Claude Juncker .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Green Day	Foxboro Hot Tubs	He is also a guitarist and vocalist for the punk rock band Pinhead Gunpowder and provides lead vocals for Green Day 's side projects Foxboro Hot Tubs and The Network .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Hooker	Modern	Hooker 's recording career began in 1948 when his agent placed a demo made by Hooker with the Bihari brothers owners of the Modern Records label .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	He	Los Angeles	He left the army and moved to Los Angeles California in 1958 .
per:spouse(e2,e1)	Paola	Albert II of Belgium	Paola Queen of the Belgians ( Donna Paola Ruffo di Calabria ; born 11 September 1937 ) is the wife of King Albert II of Belgium .
no_relation	Raleigh	London	Cobham and Raleigh were both imprisoned in the Tower of London .
org:founded_by(e2,e1)	Dan Cristian Diaconescu	DDTV	Dan Cristian Diaconescu ( born December 9 1967 Caracal ) is a Romanian journalist politician presenter the founder and present owner of DDTV and OTV television stations .
no_relation	Peru	de San	The dance originated in the Argentine province of Tucuman in the Creole genre known as the zamacueca of Peru in 1824 at the same time that Peru under de San obtained independence .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Abubakar Tafawa Balewa	Nigeria	Sir Alhaji Abubakar Tafawa Balewa was the deputy leader of the party and Prime Minister of Nigeria .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Colby College	Waterville	That's a basic firm Maine value said Sandy Maisel director of the Goldfarb Center for Public Affairs and Civic Engagement at Colby College in Waterville .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Ahmad Jamal	Argo	Naked City Theme is a live album by American jazz pianist Ahmad Jamal featuring performances recorded at the Jazz Workshop in 1964 and released on the Argo label.Ahmad Jamal discography accessed May 21 2012 The Allmusic review awarded the album 2 stars stating Jamal's distinctive chord voicings and use of space and dynamics remained his trademark .
per:spouse(e2,e1)	Gytha	Harold Godwinson	His children were Ulf ( d. 1027 ) a steward and Earl of Canute the Great in Denmark whose son became king Sweyn II of Denmark Eilaf ( also Earl of King Canute ) and Gytha who was to marry Godwin Earl of Wessex and become mother of Harold Godwinson king of England .
org:founded_by(e2,e1)	Henry Lehman	Lehman Brothers	Henry Lehman ( c. 1822 November 17 1855 ) was a German-born American businessman and the founder of Lehman Brothers financial services which declared bankruptcy in 2008 .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	8th Infantry Division	Army	After the Second World War The 8th Infantry Division of the Philippine Army is a known officially as the Storm Trooper Division was founding establishment on August 1 1988 and they stationed and headquarters in Camp General Vicente Lukban Catbalogan City Samar .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Michael Prue	Beaches East York	Michael Prue 60 is the MPP for Beaches East York .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Punjab	Amarinder Singh	She is the wife of ex-Chief Minister of Punjab Capt. Amarinder Singh .
no_relation	Pearl River	52 40	The Saint Stephens meridian in longitude 88 02 west from Greenwich begins at the initial point ( Ellicott's Corner ) on the base line in latitude 31 north passes through Saint Stephens Alabama extends south to Mobile Bay and north to latitude 33 06 20 and governs the surveys in the southern district of Alabama and in Pearl River district lying east of the river and south of the Choctaw Baseline in latitude 31 52 40 north in the state of Mississippi .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Malta	Andrew Bertie	Grand master of Knights of Malta Fra Andrew Bertie dies at 78 .
per:country_of_birth(e2,e1)	Iceland	Oddsson	On the afternoon of 7 October after Landsbanki had been placed into receivership - but before the Central Bank of Iceland chief Oddsson made his live public television appearance about how the Icelandic State would respond to foreign debt obligations left by bankrupt banks the UK Chancellor had a telephone conversation with his Icelandic counterpart Finance Minister Mathiesen in which the question of deposit insurance was raised : On 8 October Alistair Darling announced that he was taking steps to freeze the assets of Landsbanki in the UK .
no_relation	GMC	Hummer	ASSETS : GM founded in 1908 sells its cars and trucks under the Buick Cadillac Chevrolet GMC GM Daewoo Holden Hummer Opel Pontiac Saab Saturn Vauxhall and Wuling brands .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Asiana Airlines	Seoul	Korean Air and Asiana Airlines provide non-stop flights from Seoul to nearby JFK Airport in the adjacent New York City borough of Queens which also is home to a large and growing Korean community .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Italy	Giorgio Napolitano	Russian President Dmitry Medvedev is to pay a working visit to Italy at the invitation of his Italian counterpart Giorgio Napolitano on Saturday the Kremlin press service said Wednesday .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Morarji Desai	India	Following the defeat of Indira Gandhi's Congress Party in the 1977 elections that ended the Indian Emergency Patel was appointed the Finance Minister by the new Prime Minister Morarji Desai who was leading India 's first non-Congress administration .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	his	India	Since then he has created a unique style of his own and has become a role model for emerging vocal talent in India .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	National Reconnaissance Office	Chantilly	In tapping into the world's email telephone and fax traffic and data bases the NSA relies on a network of spy satellites overseen by the National Reconnaissance Office based in Chantilly Virginia .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Zimbabwe	Morgan Tsvangirai	Angelina Jolie and Brad convey condolences to Zimbabwe 's Premier Morgan Tsvangirai .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	she	Finland	In 1971 she decided to join the Social Democratic Party of Finland which had close ties with the trade unions where she worked as a lawyer from 1970 to 1974 .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	William Howard Taft	United States	In 1912 he was a delegate to the Republican National Convention that nominated incumbent William Howard Taft for President of the United States spurring the historic three-way campaign between Taft former President Theodore Roosevelt and New Jersey Governor Woodrow Wilson with Wilson ultimately winning .
per:title(e2,e1)	President	him	The same candidate also happens to be caught in the BDP factional fight where supporters of President Khama would love to see him lose .
per:title(e2,e1)	singer	Jerry Butler	The song was produced by Kanye West and features a sample of No Money Down by soul music singer Jerry Butler .
no_relation	Academy of Korean Studies	South Korea	However in the second parliamentary elections held on May 30 1950 the majority of seats went to independents confirming the lack of support and the fragile state of the nation.The Academy of Korean Studies ( 2005 pp166-171 ) On June 25 1950 North Korean forces invaded South Korea .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Castro	Cuba	In recent years under the rule of Castro the Communist Party of Cuba has tried to update the Cuban socialist model by introducing private ownership and entrepreneurship .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	U.S. House	Gerald Ford	He served as a Republican in the U.S. House of Representatives was secretary of the Army under President Gerald Ford ran unsuccessfully for governor of Georgia and was defeated in a primary in an attempt to win a U.S. Senate seat in Colorado in 1980 .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	North Carolina	NCANG	The 156th Weather Flight is a combat weather flight located at the Stanly County Airport's Air National Guard Station North Carolina who's stated mission is : To provide quality observations forecasts and climatological data in support of tasked Army and Air Force missions both Federal and State by : The 156th Weather Flight ( WF ) was activated on 15 March 1948 as a standing unit in the North Carolina Air National Guard ( NCANG ) .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Joe	Washington	United States Vice President Joe Biden said Thursday Washington appreciated Romania's support for a new US anti-missile system .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Lebanon	Lebanese Armed Forces	According to a statement released by the U.S. embassy in Lebanon Vershbow visited Beirut to reaffirm U.S. commitment to providing security assistance to Lebanon and the Lebanese Armed Forces ( LAF ) .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Geir Haarde	Iceland	Prime Minister Geir Haarde of the conservative Independence Party who has been under intense pressure as Iceland has been pushed to the brink of bankruptcy by the global financial crisis arrived late for the debate and never made it into the building the Morgunbladid daily reported on its website .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Ontario	David Peterson	She served in the Legislative Assembly of Ontario as a Liberal from 1986 to 1990 and was a cabinet minister in the government of David Peterson .
per:country_of_birth(e1,e2)	Ulysses S. Grant	United States	The Grant Boyhood Home in Georgetown Ohio was where Ulysses S. Grant lived from 1823 until 1839 when he left for the United States Military Academy at West Point .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Utah State University	Logan	UND University of North Dakota Grand Forks ND ERAU Embry Riddle Aeronautical University Prescott AZ Utah State University Logan UT http://www.usu.edu/majorsheets/04-05/Pilot04.pdf .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Argentina	Manuel Belgrano	The Flag of Argentina was created by Manuel Belgrano during the Argentine War of Independence .
org:members(e2,e1)	General Confederation of Democratic Workers	Colombia	The three main trade union federations in Colombia all ITUC-affiliated are the Central Union of Workers General Confederation of Democratic Workers and the Confederation of Workers of Colombia .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Russia	Vladimir Putin	Russia still faces a high risk threat of being attacked Prime Minister Vladimir Putin warned Monday during a cabinet meeting Russian news agencies reported .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Kurt Waldheim	Austria	In March 1989 Kurt Waldheim the federal president of Austria granted him the title Professor ( Extraordinary university professor ) .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Viggo Larsen	Denmark	This is quite a major pollution event Environment expert Viggo Larsen was quoted as saying by Politiken adding that Admiral Fleet Denmark ( SOK ) which patrols Danish waters for signs of vessels that may leak oil or jettison tanks reported no suspicious vessels .
org:members(e2,e1)	Needville High School	Needville Independent School District	Students in grades 9 through 12 attend Needville High School which is part of the Needville Independent School District .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Mbeki	ANC	This marks a strong contrast with his replacement by the Mbeki government with Thoko Didiza a middle class ANC cadre .
org:city_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Cleveland	Case Western Reserve University School of Medicine	Cleveland Ohio : Junior Faculty Position ( genetic epidemiology and cancer ) Case Western Reserve University School of Medicine i. .
org:top_members/employees(e2,e1)	Simon Hughes	Dem	But Simon Hughes the Lib Dem shadow for the leader of the Commons said that the fees would be staggered according to earning levels so it's not going to be a barrier for those on low pay where we need them .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Tommy Thompson	Wisconsin	jpg | Former Governor Tommy Thompson of Wisconsin File : John Thune official portrait 111th Congress.jpg | Senator John Thune of South Dakota Image : WhitmanChristineTodd .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Punjab	Amarinder Singh	Punjab Chief Minister Amarinder Singh said he was confident he would be returned to office for a second successive five-year term despite recent history being against him .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	WinCo Foods	Boise	The privately held chain is owned by the WinCo Foods Employee Stock Ownership Trust ( Employee Pension Plan ) and is based in Boise Idaho .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	Cerberus Capital Management	Chrysler	The Journal citing people familiar with the discussions said the talks have been rekindled after Cerberus Capital Management LP the majority owner of Chrysler signaled it is willing to part with some of its stake in the automaker .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	Citgo	de Venezuela S.A.	Citgo which is a subsidiary of de Venezuela S.A. refers to its logo as the trimark .
no_relation	Somalia	Hussein Mohamed Farrah	It was militarily and politically opposed by the Somalia Reconciliation and Restoration Council ( SRRC ) which was formed by rival faction leaders including Hussein Mohamed Farrah Aidid and Mohamed Dhere .
per:alternate_names(e2,e1)	George Wimpey	Taylor Wimpey	The RAF Eastcote site was sold for development to George Wimpey ( now Taylor Wimpey ) in 2007 with plans for the construction of 385 new homes .
org:alternate_names(e1,e2)	Dubstar	Food	After leaving Sleeper Osman joined Dubstar ( Food Records ) .
per:country_of_birth(e1,e2)	Khama	Botswana	It was many years before the couple was allowed to live in Africa and several more years before Khama became president of what is now Botswana .
org:members(e2,e1)	United Garment Workers of America	UFCW	Also in 1994 the strong United Garment Workers of America merged with the UFCW .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Algeria	Ahmed Ouyahia	Algeria 's prime minister Ahmed Ouyahia has resigned and been replaced as head of government by State Minister Abdelaziz Belkhadem the president's office said in a statement on Wednesday .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Their	Go	Their second LP was finally issued as Rembrandt Pussyhorse on Touch and Go in April 1986 .
org:top_members/employees(e2,e1)	Yang Huiyan	Country Garden	The richest person in China since last April is also a woman : Yang Huiyan of Country Garden the real estate company .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	James Stevenson	UK	Some worthy of note are : John Liesk Kevin Prockter ( The Rave The Steve Crowther Band and Fixater ) John Catto of The Diodes Riff Starr Shag Nasty UK and more recently James Stevenson ( The Alarm Chelsea and Gen X ) and bassist Craig Adams ( The Mission UK Sisters Of Mercy The Alarm Coloursound ) .
per:cities_of_residence(e2,e1)	London	Joyce Grenfell	She attended the Francis Holland School in London ( one of her schoolmates was actress Joyce Grenfell ) .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Jomo Kenyatta	Kenya	Uhuru Kenyatta -- the son of Jomo Kenyatta who was Kenya 's first president after the country's independence from Britain -- was declared the official leader of the Kenya African National Union or KANU .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Paul Sykes	Wakefield	Also Paul Sykes joined Wakefield Trinity Wildcats on a season long loan .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	Kim Il-Sung	Pyongyang	Graham is the son of US Baptist Billy Graham who met the North's founding father and late president Kim Il-Sung in Pyongyang in 1992 .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	Infiniti	Nissan Motors	The Infiniti Etherea is a concept car that was announced at the 2011 Geneva Motor Show by the Infiniti division of Nissan Motors .
org:alternate_names(e2,e1)	Electronic	EETPU	McTaggart joined the Electrical Electronic Telecommunications and Plumbing Union and was the EETPU shop steward at Govan from 1971 to 1977 .
no_relation	Malaysia	Tunku Abdul Rahman	In September 1957 a special stage programme dedicated to Bapa Malaysia Tunku Abdul Rahman was held in Taman Tasik Perdana Kuala Lumpur as part of the celebrations of Malaysia's independence .
no_relation	Odex	Singapore	Odex has achieved in putting a prime-time anime title ( D.Gray-Man ) on Singapore Free TV ( MediacorpTV Okto channel ) within 5 days of Japan TV broadcast .
org:founded_by(e1,e2)	Eagle Forum	Phyllis Schlafly	Eagle Forum is a conservative interest group in the United States founded by Phyllis Schlafly in 1972 and is the parent organization that also includes the Eagle Forum Education and Legal Defense Fund and the Eagle Forum PAC .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	808 State	UK	Ninety is the second full-length album and first on ZTT Records by British house music pioneers 808 State released in 1989 and featuring the UK Top 40 single Pacific State which reached # 10 in November 1989 .
no_relation	RCA Victor	he	Como's first recording for RCA Victor Goodbye Sue was recorded three months after he began his radio program .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Navy	Donald C. Winter	The military however said the friendly fire finding had no bearing on the decision to award the Navy Cross a decision made by Navy Secretary Donald C. Winter .
org:alternate_names(e2,e1)	California State University	CSUB	California State University Bakersfield ( often abbreviated CSUB or shortened to CSU Bakersfield or Cal State Bakersfield ) is a public university located in Bakersfield California United States which was founded in 1965 .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Barcelona Metro	Barcelona	Torrassa is a Barcelona Metro station in L'Hospitalet de Llobregat ( metropolitan area of Barcelona Catalonia Spain ) .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Lincoln High School	United States	Lincoln High School is a four-year public high school located in Jersey City in Hudson County New Jersey United States operated as part of the Jersey City Public Schools serving students in ninth through twelfth grade .
org:city_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Berkeley	California Golden Bears	Jaffe studied at the University of California Berkeley where he swam for the California Golden Bears swimming and diving team .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	Sierra Entertainment	Vivendi Games	The merger would include three smaller Vivendi divisions -- Sierra Entertainment Sierra Online and Vivendi Games Mobile -- and the rights to Crash Bandicoot and Spyro the Dragon .
org:top_members/employees(e1,e2)	Vogue	Anna Wintour	American Vogue editor-in-chief Anna Wintour is planning to attend the London show in a move that has the fashionista universe here clapping its hands with glee .
per:title(e2,e1)	drummer	Robert Sweet	A trademark of the band's stage act was drummer Robert Sweet 's practice of turning his enormous drum kit sideways to the audience so that the crowd could see him playing .
org:alternate_names(e1,e2)	New Zealand national football team	All Whites	It also serves as a major home venue for the New Zealand national football team ( the All Whites ) notably hosting the home leg of their 2010 FIFA World Cup qualification match against Bahrain .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Tommy Sheridan	Solidarity	Former members of SML form a large part of the leadership of the SSP today while Tommy Sheridan is now co-convenor of Solidarity ( Scotland ) and the International Socialists are a platform within it .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	RTA	Riverside	RTA service area is the second-largest in the United States with Riverside and the Pass area to the north Hemet and San Jacinto to the east Temecula to the south and Corona Norco and Eastvale to the west .
no_relation	his	Pakistan	During Mehsud's time on the run his brother Baitullah had taken over from him as one of the top Taliban commanders in Pakistan 's tribal regions .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e2,e1)	Quebec	his	Hincks Township in Quebec was named in his honour ( but was officially renamed in 1975 to Lac-Sainte-Marie ) .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Hang Lung Group	Hong Kong	Hang Lung Group ( ) established in 1960 is a private company listed company in Hong Kong engaging in property development for sales and leasing car park management property management and dry cleaning businesses .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Pennsylvania Railroad	Philadelphia Pennsylvania	The Pennsylvania Railroad 's class R1 comprised a single prototype electric locomotive constructed in 1934 by the Baldwin Locomotive Works of Philadelphia Pennsylvania USA with the electrical equipment by Westinghouse .
org:top_members/employees(e1,e2)	ECW	Edge	Edge also formed an alliance with Chavo Guerrero nephew of Vickie Guerrero and on the January 22 2008 broadcast of ECW he assisted Chavo in winning the ECW Championship from CM Punk even though Chavo previously rebuffed Edge and allied himself with Rey Mysterio Edge's scheduled opponent at the Royal Rumble pay-per-view .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	North Carolina Agricultural and Technical State University	Greensboro	Four students from North Carolina Agricultural and Technical State University ( NC ) started the Greensboro sit-ins at a whites only lunch counter on February 1 1960 .
org:founded_by(e1,e2)	Barings Bank	Francis Baring	Barings Bank was founded in 1762 as the John and Francis Baring Company by Francis Baring with his older brother John Baring as a mostly silent partner .
org:city_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Hall Bower	Newsome Panthers	Fields in the village next to Hall Bower CC were recently converted into rugby league pitches for use by Newsome Panthers ARLFC .
org:members(e2,e1)	University of Central Florida	Division I	The 2006 UCF Golden Knights football team represented the University of Central Florida in the 2006 NCAA Division I FBS football season .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	MTV Networks	Viacom	MTV Networks ( MTVN ) a unit of Viacom will contribute its successful local networks -- MTV Vh1 and Nickelodeon India -- to the joint venture .
org:alternate_names(e2,e1)	University of California	UCSF	Stanley B. Prusiner of the University of California San Francisco ( UCSF ) was awarded the Nobel Prize in physiology or medicine in 1997 for his discovery of Prions - a new biological principle of infection .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Uganda	Milton Obote	If the issue of the electoral commission is not resolved then democracy and elections are a fraud said Chris Opio deputy chief of Uganda Peoples Congress ( UPC ) also the party of the late former president Milton Obote .
org:members(e2,e1)	Harbor-UCLA Medical Center	Los Angeles	The Harbor-UCLA Medical Center operated by the Los Angeles County Department of Health Services has a Torrance postal address but it is located in West Carson .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Wayne Allard	Colorado	Gardner served as General Counsel and Legislative Director for former U.S. Senator Wayne Allard of Colorado .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Manmohan Singh	India	jpg | Manmohan Singh Prime Minister of India File :20041120 -6 bushindonesiamtg1-515h cropped.jpg | Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono President of Indonesia File : Yoshihiko Noda-3 .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Navy	Gideon Welles	To help protect McClellan's beleaguered army whose very existence was threatened U.S. Secretary of the Navy Gideon Welles ordered a dozen of the schooners to leave the Mississippi River and to sail north to reinforce the James River Flotilla which was protecting McClellan's flanks and keeping Lee's victorious troops at bay .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Northridge High School	Dayton	Hirsch a 6 ' 4 forward from Northridge High School in Dayton Ohio played for future Hall of Fame coach Adolph Rupp at Kentucky .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Shane Gibson	Parliament	On May 2 2002 D. Shane Gibson was elected to the Parliament of the Bahamas as a member of the then ruling Progressive Liberal Party .
org:city_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Hainan	Hainan Airlines	Headquartered in Haikou of southern Hainan Province the new carrier is to inherit the business from Hainan Airlines the first sino-foreign invested airline which has evolved into the country's fourth largest after consolidating the operation of three other small airlines namely Xinhua Chang ' an and Shanxi in 2002 .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Turkey	Kenan Do?ul	Here it was performed twenty-third ( following Turkey 's Kenan Do?ul u with Shake It Up Shekerim and preceding Moldova's Natalia Barbu with Fight ) .
org:members(e2,e1)	No Age	Sub Pop	No Age represents artists who go around the gatekeepers of authority straight to the people so the institutions have to be remodeled said Sub Pop owner Jonathan Poneman .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Kenya	Raila Odinga	NAIROBI Dec. 15 ( Xinhua ) -- Kenya 's Prime Minister Raila Odinga on Monday reaffirmed the government's resolve to uphold freedom of the press in the country despite the sailing through of the oppressive Communication of Kenya Amendment Bill 2008 in parliament .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Cornell University	USA	The university has established strategic cooperative partnership with many world-renowned universities such as ENS Group in France the University of Pennsylvania and Cornell University in USA Tokyo University and Kobe University in Japan and the University of Melbourne in Australia etc. and has been carrying out academic exchanges with over 150 universities and institutions of Great Britain France Germany Japan the United States Canada Australia Korea and Russia etc .
per:spouse(e1,e2)	Rajiv Gandhi	Sonia Gandhi	Rajiv Gandhi 's widow Sonia Gandhi was the chairperson of India's ruling coalition at the time .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	his	Depeche Mode	Between 1992 93 Wilder resumed his Depeche Mode duties as the band recorded the album Songs of Faith and Devotion .
org:top_members/employees(e1,e2)	Interpipe Group	Viktor Pinchuk	This consortium included Rinat Akhmetov's SCM and Interpipe Group controlled by then-President Kuchma's son-in-law Viktor Pinchuk .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	She	Canada	She lived in the artistic community of Breadalbane Prince Edward Island Canada .
per:spouse(e1,e2)	Olga Knipper	Anton Chekhov	The play was initially banned but was allowed to premiere October 24 1905 at the Moscow Art Theater with Vasili Kachalov as Professor Protassov and Olga Knipper ( wife of Anton Chekhov ) as Lisa .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Hepburn	Connecticut	Hepburn found she could be herself off-screen as well in the coastal Connecticut town of Old Saybrook where she summered with her family as a tomboyish child and spent her final days as an adult .
no_relation	Richard Edward Arnold	it	Richard Edward Arnold born May 15 1918 in Henderson Tenn. grew up working on his parents ' farm only to see it repossessed during the Depression after which the family became sharecroppers on what had been their own land .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Libyan Airlines	Libya	Due to the 2011 Libyan civil war all flight were suspended however since the end of the conflict Libyan Airlines have resumed service it is currently unknown if Air Libya Tibesti is using the airport .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Santa Fe Indian School	New Mexico	The Santa Fe Indian School ( SFIS ) is a secondary school ( middle and high school ) in Santa Fe New Mexico United States .
org:city_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Notre Dame	Notre Dame Fighting Irish	Notre Dame Stadium is the home football stadium for the University of Notre Dame Fighting Irish football team .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e2,e1)	New Mexico	Jeff Bingaman	( New Mexico 's other Senate seat has been held since 1983 by Jeff Bingaman a Democrat . ) .
no_relation	Williams	Giant	And Keith Urban recently name-checked Williams saying the voice of The Gentle Giant reached across the globe to him in Australia and drew him to country music .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	University of Pittsburgh	USA	This prize of the University of Pittsburgh Press in Pittsburgh Pennsylvania USA was initiated by Ed Ochester and developed by Frederick A. Hetzel .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Lon Nol	Governing Council	After Lon Nol fled the capital on April 1 1975 Hak was elected as a member of the Governing Council which sought to reach a ceasefire agreement with the Communists .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Bill Melinda Gates Foundation	Washington	Financial Analyst - Core Operations Bill Melinda Gates Foundation Seattle Washington .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Canada	Stephen Harper	Canada : Prime Minister Stephen Harper .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Erich Mielke	State Security	From the date of its inception until 23 November 1989 the president of the SV Dynamo was Erich Mielke who was also the Minister of State Security .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	Mark Wood	Port Washington	Mark Wood studied under Dr. Richard Rusack at Paul D. Schreiber High School in Port Washington New York before beginning his career with a full scholarship at the Juilliard School in New York and studied viola under William Lincer until he left .
no_relation	Russia	Bayer 04 Leverkusen	Bulykin links up with Leverkusen ( Monday 27 August 2007 ) http://www.uefa.com/competitions/uefacup/news/kind=1/newsid=575520.html Former Russia centre forward Dmitri Bulykin has agreed to join German UEFA Cup contenders Bayer 04 Leverkusen on a free transfer from FC Dinamo Moskva .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Iceland	Geir Haarde	Former Iceland Prime Minister Geir Haarde called the move a completely unfriendly act .
org:top_members/employees(e1,e2)	MTV Philippines	Lisette Buendia	MTV Philippines President Francis Lumen stated : He had a slight attack because of stress due to the recent passing of his mother ( Lisette Buendia ) and their sound check which lasted till 3 a.m. today ( Saturday ) .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	Qantas	Jetstar Airways	Joyce was appointed CEO of Qantas subsidiary Jetstar Airways in October 2003 .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Stephen Harper	Canada	Conservative Prime Minister Stephen Harper has won a minority government in Canada 's third election in four years according to television projections .
org:founded(e1,e2)	Hero Cycles	1956	After partition and independence of India the brothers moved to Ludhiana and started a bicycle unit called Hero Cycles in 1956 .
no_relation	National Aeronautics and Space Administration	1958	President Dwight D. Eisenhower established the National Aeronautics and Space Administration ( NASA ) in 1958 .
per:title(e1,e2)	Grant McLennan	singer	Far Out Corporation was a band led by late singer-guitarist Grant McLennan mostly known as a singer songwriter and guitarist for Australian rock group The Go-Betweens .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	California	California National Guard	Former southern California elements reorganized on 23 August-6 October 1921 in the California National Guard as the 160th Infantry and was assigned to the 40th Division ; Headquarters was Federally recognized on 31 January 1922 at Los Angeles .
no_relation	Boots	Boots Group	The company is a wholly owned subsidiary of Alliance Boots which was formed by the merger of the Boots Group and Alliance UniChem on 31 July 2006 .
no_relation	Reserve Bank of India	India	In 2007 Reserve Bank of India transferred its stake in State Bank of India to Government of India .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	British Army	British Armed Forces	As acting pilot officers are junior to second lieutenants in the British Army or the Royal Marines and to Royal Navy sub-lieutenants the rank is the most junior commissioned rank in the British Armed Forces .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	he	Slayer	where he would play during lunch hour and play on the weekends at the woodstock in Buena Park Ca as Slayer covering Black Sabbath Iron Maiden and Judas Priest songs Kerry began his career in a Pat Boone cover band .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Timothy Chad Hutchinson	Arkansas	In November 2004 Jeremy Hutchinson's identical twin brother Timothy Chad Hutchinson was elected from another district to the Arkansas House of Representatives .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Billy J. Kramer	Parlophone	In 1963 he gave the song to Billy J. Kramer of The Dakotas another Liverpool band who was signed to Parlophone by George Martin .
org:founded_by(e2,e1)	Vesey	Grammar School	Bishop Vesey 's Grammar School its male equivalent is on Lichfield Road ( A5127/A453 ) in the centre of the town adjacent to Birmingham Metropolitan College .
no_relation	Tyrone Guthrie	Istanbul	Two selections of her poetry have been translated into English one titled Water Music ( Dublin : Poetry Ireland / ; Tyrone Guthrie Centre 1998 ) the other titled I Too Went to the Hunt of the Deer ( Istanbul : Artshop Yay?nc?l?k 2008 ) .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Antonio de Santa Anna	Mexico	A referendum on whether Antonio de Santa Anna should remain President. and if not who should replace him was held in Mexico on 1 December 1954 .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Veterans Affairs	Jim Nicholson	However Veterans Affairs Secretary Jim Nicholson told a Senate committee that the number has been revised upward to for the fiscal year that ends Sept. 30 .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Interior	Wilhelm Frick	He tried to resign in 1941 but his resignation was not accepted until August 1943 when he was succeeded by the former Minister of the Interior Wilhelm Frick .
per:origin(e1,e2)	Malfatti	Brazilian	One of the reasons why Malfatti became such a scandal was because her art was displayed as a one-person show.http : / / www.brazilianist.com/0605_anita_malfatti_part1.html Instead of having many different artists revealing their intentions of bringing Brazilian art into context of globally modernist innovations such as Post-Impressionism or Cubism to Brazil Malfatti was seen as an individual who caused scandal to the carefully and rather conservatively minded Brazilians whose only desire was to continue the fin-du siecle romantic style .
no_relation	Shanahan	Keane	There would be five more fights ( and four stoppages ) in the second period : a fight between Shanahan and Foote four seconds into the second period simultaneous fights between Avalanche winger Mike Keane and Red Wing winger Tomas Holmstrom which occurred for the most part on the ice and between Severyn and Red Wing defenceman Aaron Ward 3:34 in ( Severyn and Ward were ejected for a secondary fight ) McCarty and Deadmarsh at 7:24 ( McCarty also received a roughing ) and between Pushor and Avalanche defenceman Uwe Krupp at 11:26 .
no_relation	University of Cambridge	University of Stellenbosch	In 2007 he was named one of InfoWorld's Top 25 CTOs Doug Dineley June 8 2007 : 2007 InfoWorld CTO 25 : Simon Crosby CTO XenSource Simon holds a PhD in Computer Science from the University of Cambridge an MSc degree in Computer Science from the University of Stellenbosch South Africa and a BSc ( Hons ) degree in Computer Science and Mathematics from the University of Cape Town South Africa .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Gr8pop	Gregg	In 2006 Gr8pop ltd. did a deal with Ingenious VCT with a view to release Gregg 's debut album in 2007 .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Larry Craig	Idaho	Because what could be more fun than the prospect of Republican Larry Craig staying in the Senate race in Idaho ?
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	CNBC-TV18	India	CNBC-TV18 is a business news channel broadcast in India based in Mumbai .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Italy	Marco Simoncelli	The title-challenge had gone down to the wire with 28-year-old Aoyama taking a 21-point lead over Italy 's Marco Simoncelli into the race .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Cathay Pacific	Hong Kong	Cathay Pacific 's head office Cathay Pacific City is located at Hong Kong International Airport although the airline's registered office is on the 33rd floor of One Pacific Place .
org:members(e1,e2)	National Bank Cup	Southern Sting	The franchise was formed as an amalgamation of two teams from the National Bank Cup the Dunedin-based Otago Rebels and the Invercargill-based Southern Sting .
no_relation	AG	Infineon Technologies	Other gainers included automaker Volkswagen AG which jumped 2.43 percent on better-than-expected second-quarter results to euro123 .48 ( US$ 169.44 ) and Infineon Technologies AG which rose 2.2 percent to euro12 .47 ( US$ 17.11 ) after it said it would move faster to trim its stake in money-losing computer chip maker Qimonda AG .
per:cities_of_residence(e2,e1)	Chicago	Nelson	Federal prosecutors in Chicago have accused Nelson of bilking two churches of at least $ .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	NBG	Bank	In 1919 NBG acquired the Bank of Crete ( Trapeza Kritis ) .
per:title(e2,e1)	Exchequer	Gordon Brown	On Sunday British Chancellor of Exchequer Gordon Brown condemned the hanging of Saddam as deplorable and completely unacceptable .
org:top_members/employees(e2,e1)	Walter Veltroni	Democratic Party	He had three daughters including the Italian Canadian journalist Dara Kotnik Mancini and Ivanka Kotnik mother of the Italian politician Walter Veltroni former Mayor of Rome and former president of the Democratic Party .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Wittenberg University	Springfield Ohio	Willis served as the head baseball coach at Wittenberg University in Springfield Ohio from 1991 to 1996 compiling a record of 150 85 .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	his	West Chester	On Saturday June 12 2010 Margera was allegedly attacked with a baseball bat outside of his bar The Note in West Chester Pennsylvania .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Kim Yong-nam	Presidium	On 21 March 2008 the Namibian President opened Hifikepunye Pohamba's house in the presence of Kim Yong-nam chairman of the Presidium of the Supreme People's Assembly of North Korea and the Cuban General Leopoldo Cintra Frias .
org:city_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Petersburg	Petersburg High School	The story follows three central characters ( Nicole Jason and Cale ) and several secondary ones ( The Suicide Kid The Punk Kid and The Fight Kid among others ) through the aftermath of the '96 riots and features several notable St. Petersburg landmarks including the Sunshine Skyway Bridge the St. Petersburg Pier St. Petersburg High School and the house where Jack Kerouac lived prior to his death in 1969 .
org:alternate_names(e1,e2)	Jamba Juice	Jamba	Xeni Jardin Jamba Juice accused of stealing Get Your War On artist's work : Update : Jamba responds GYWO calls for boycott boingboing.net 27 July 2009 .
org:founded_by(e2,e1)	Cecil Rhodes	De Beers	Cecil Rhodes a mining magnate and founder of the De Beers mining company built a fort for colonial administration across the river from Gaberones .
no_relation	Sulaymn Bash?	at Birzeit Universi	Suliman Bashear PhD ( Sulaymn Bash? ? 1947 October 1991 ) was a leading Druze Arab scholar and professor who taught at Birzeit Universi ty An-Najah National University and the Hebrew University of Jerusalem .
per:cities_of_residence(e2,e1)	Coventry	Frank Ifield	Many notable musicians originated in Coventry including Frank Ifield Vince Hill Delia Derbyshire Jerry Dammers Terry Hall Neville Staple Hazel O'Connor Clint Mansell Julianne Regan Lee Dorrian Jen Ledger of Skillet Taz ( lead singer of the band Stereo Nation ) and Panjabi MC .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	Matsushita Electric Industrial Co.	Panasonic	The Coral Consortium was founded in 2004 by Hewlett-Packard Corporation InterTrust Technologies Koninklijke Philips Electronics N.V. Matsushita Electric Industrial Co. Ltd. ( Panasonic ) Samsung Electronics Co. Ltd Sony Corporation and Twentieth Century Fox Film Corp .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e2,e1)	Arizona	her	Sparks 17 of Glendale Arizona rose from the bottom ranks to gain much momentum in later weeks and few would deny her broad appeal to viewers of all ages .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	He	Italy	He heads Italy 's Nuclear Safety Agency .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	He	Moscow State University	He became a full Professor at the Moscow State University in 1944 and was the head of the theoretical physics department in the Faculty of Physics at Moscow State University in the period 1945 1953 .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	England	Brian May	HINTON WALDRIST England : Brian May the Queen guitarist and expert astronomer has ventured into another dimension bringing the idyllic world of 1850s rural England back to life in vivid colour 3D .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Hulme Grammar School	Greater Manchester	He was then educated at Hulme Grammar School in Oldham in Greater Manchester where he took A-Levels in History Economics and Spanish .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	Acer	Packard Bell	U.S.-based Gateway Inc. which was also recently bought by Acer announced in October it would purchase Packard Bell .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Ecuador	Rafael Correa	Ecuador President Rafael Correa given bond markets reason for concern warning that he could forego debt payments if oil prices keep dropping .
per:cities_of_residence(e2,e1)	Punjab	Amarinder Singh	He had allegedly been favored by former Chief Minister of Uttar Pradesh Mayawati and former Chief Minister of Punjab Amarinder Singh .
per:country_of_birth(e1,e2)	he	Guyana	In 1942 he won the Guyana Scholarship as the country's top student .
per:title(e2,e1)	Secretary	Lito Atienza	Environment Secretary Lito Atienza said the wounded eagle was found Friday in a field beside the mountain village of Duale in western Bataan province and village officials gave it first aid .
org:alternate_names(e1,e2)	ITB	Baile	The Institute of Technology Blanchardstown ( ITB ) ( Irish : Baile ) established in 1999 is ( as of 2010 ) the last-founded Institute of Technology in Ireland .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Hugh McCulloch	Treasury	Hugh McCulloch who served under four presidents as United States Secretary of the Treasury begin his career in banking at the Bank of Indiana .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Risto Ryti	Finland	The Ryti Ribbentrop letter of agreement ( ) of June 26 1944 was a personal letter from President Risto Ryti of Finland to German Adolf Hitler whereby Ryti agreed not to reach a separate peace in the war with the Soviet Union without approval from Nazi Germany in order to secure German military aid for Finland to stop the Soviet offensive .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Sri Lanka	Indian Peace Keeping Force	India also provided army contingent performing a peacekeeping operation in Sri Lanka between 1987 and 1990 as Indian Peace Keeping Force and in November 1988 India also helped restore government of Maumoon Abdul Gayoom in Maldives under Operation Cactus.Indian Navy Destroyer In Anti-Piracy Action On Sept 5 India sought to augment its naval force in the Gulf of Aden by deploying the larger INS Mysore to patrol the area .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	Air France-KLM	KLM	Talks involving Air France-KLM and Delta on the future of Japan Airlines ( JAL ) are going well a spokeswoman for Dutch carrier KLM said ahead of an expected bankruptcy filing by JAL on Tuesday .
org:alternate_names(e2,e1)	IAM	International Association of Machinists and Aerospace Workers	The tentative agreement has the unanimous endorsement of the IAM ( International Association of Machinists and Aerospace Workers ) negotiating committee and will be presented to members for a ratification vote which will take place in 3-5 days said the union which launched a strike on September 6 in a dispute over contracts for the firm's machinists .
per:cities_of_residence(e2,e1)	Paris	Simone de Beauvoir	Situated on the left bank of the River Seine this central arrondissement which includes the historic districts of ( surrounding the Abbey founded in the 6th century ) and Luxembourg ( surrounding the Palace and its Gardens ) has played a major role throughout Paris history and is well known for its culture and the revolutionary intellectualism ( see : Existentialism Jean-Paul Sartre Simone de Beauvoir ) and literature ( see : Paul Boris Vian Albert Camus Sagan ) it has hosted .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	HO CHI MINH	Vietnam	HO CHI MINH CITY VIETNAM Nov. 1 ( Xinhua ) -- A senior official of the Communist Party of China ( CPC ) Zhou Yongkang on Friday visited Ho Chi Minh city the last-leg of his five-day Vietnam trip .
per:alternate_names(e1,e2)	Han Chae-young	Kim Ji-young	Han Chae-young ( Kim Ji-young born on September 13 1980 ) is a South Korean actress .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Wyeth	New Jersey	In a third ruling against Wyeth Garruto wrote that a plaintiff bringing a product liability lawsuit can separately sue for fraud or misrepresentation under New Jersey 's Consumer Fraud Act .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	G-Unit	Tony Yayo	After being dropped by Interscope Records it was announced EMI Label Services has signed a deal with 50 Cent label G-Unit Records in which EMI will distribute and promote releases on the G-Unit roster in North America including Tony Yayo 's untitled second album .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	China	CITIC	Bear Stearns announced a strategic tie-up with China 's state - controlled CITIC Securities Co. Ltd Monday joining other US financial firms racing to gain a foothold in Asia's fastest - growing economy .
org:top_members/employees(e2,e1)	Steve McNamara	Bulls	Henry Paul took over Steve McNamara as highest point scorer for the Bulls in Super League as he kicked 8 goals in the impressive 27-14 win against St Helens RLFC .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Navy	Claude A. Swanson	Following this assignment he had duty from November 1933 to May 1936 as Aide to the Secretary of the Navy the Honorable Claude A. Swanson .
org:top_members/employees(e2,e1)	Marky Ramone	Ramones	Along the years Suspiria and Les Baton Rouge had the pleasure to perform with artists like Sylvain Sylvain ( New York Dolls ) Marky Ramone ( Ramones ) Jello Biafra ( Dead Kennedys ) Tim Kerr ( Big Boys ) Peaches Dick Dale Joan Jett The Hives NOFX Franz Ferdinand Toy Dolls The Briefs Boom Boom Kid . . among many others .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Girija Prasad Koirala	Nepal	Girija Prasad Koirala ( ; 1925 20 March 2010 ) was a Prime Minister of Nepal and the President of the Nepali Congress a major political party .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Zachary Taylor	Whig	During the Zachary Taylor administration members of the Whig party predicted the system would amount to failure and urged its repeal .
org:top_members/employees(e2,e1)	Dave Halverson	GameFan	Dave Halverson of GameFan likewise enjoyed the level designs and judged the new armor abilities and the music to be better than the original Mega Man X. GameSpot editors Christian Nutt and Justin Speer were appreciative of Capcom's attempt at expanding Mega Man X2 over its predecessor in all aspects especially the story which they called involving . . with engaging characters .
no_relation	SPDC	Thein Sein	Some three state leaders -- Thura U Shwe Mann member of the ruling State Peace and Development Council ( SPDC ) who is No. 3 leader of the country U Thein Sein Prime Minister who is No. 4 leader and Thiha Thura U Tin Aung Myint Oo SPDC First Secretary who is No. 5 leader contested in Sunday's parliamentary election held in Nay Pyi Taw constituencies representing the USDA .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Regal Recordings	Cathy Davey	Regal Recordings ' current roster includes Lily Allen Loney Dear Cathy Davey and .
org:top_members/employees(e2,e1)	Phyllis Schlafly	Eagle Forum	Alito has a terribly impressive record as a judge and as a prosecutor said Phyllis Schlafly Eagle Forum president .
org:top_members/employees(e1,e2)	The Real News	Jay	http://therealnews.com/t2/about-the-real-news The Real News Network uses internet broadcasting but it has contracts with satellite and cable television channels which it intends to use for broadcast once it reaches its first sustainability goal of supporters.Paul Jay Reality asserts itself November 3 2008 ] The Real News is based in Washington D.C. with bureaus in Baltimore and Toronto .
org:city_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Rio de Janeiro	FGV	Noteworthy among the works produced is the Brasileiro ( Rio de Janeiro FGV 2001 ) and the weekly cross-disciplinary review Estudos .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Missouri	Enterprise Rent-A-Car	As a senator from Missouri John Ashcroft received generous campaign contributions from companies including Enterprise Rent-A-Car and Monsanto which were based in his home state .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Southwestern College	Winfield	After one season at College of Emporia Brock became the 10th football coach for the Southwestern College Moundbuilders in Winfield Kansas and held that position for the 1942 season .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Fiji	Josefa Iloilo	Fiji President Ratu Josefa Iloilo Wednesday expressed his disappointment that Fiji's traditional partners did not respond to the country's calls for assistance .
no_relation	Black Sheep	Dres	Presently their status as a group is in question as Mike G and Sammy B are touring ( Sammy B also toured as fellow Native Tongues member Black Sheep Dres ' DJ ) and Afrika Baby Bam now goes by B.A.M. and has a new movement called Pagan Society .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Thailand	Surayud Chulanont	At least four persons were injured in two bomb explosions on Friday morning in Thailand 's southern province of Pattani where Thai Prime Minister Surayud Chulanont will visit Saturday according to reports of the Thai News Agency .
per:spouse(e2,e1)	George	Charlotte of Mecklenburg-Strelitz	The Prince Alfred ( 22 September 1780 20 August 1782 ) was a member of the British Royal Family as the fourteenth child and ninth son of King George III and his queen consort Charlotte of Mecklenburg-Strelitz .
org:alternate_names(e1,e2)	VII Corps	The Jayhawk Corps	The VII Corps of the United States Army official nickname was The Jayhawk Corps .
org:alternate_names(e2,e1)	Future US	Nintendo Power	On September 19 2007 Nintendo officially announced that the large magazine publisher Future US would begin publishing Nintendo Power .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Igor Ternov	Moscow State University	Igor Ternov was a member of the Soviet Communist Party a vice-rector and secretary of buroe of Communist Party of the Physics Department of the Moscow State University .
no_relation	Pittsburgh	Shop 'n Save	Giant Eagle has the highest share of any supermarket chain in the Pittsburgh area largely due to being a de facto monopoly in the region ( only Aldi and stores supplied by Supervalu such as Shop 'n Save FoodLand and Save-A-Lot even have a presence in the area let alone significant market share ) but has lost some market share in recent years due to Wal-Mart's construction of supercenters in the area .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Gaston Tong Sang	French Polynesia	Colrat was greeted at the Faa'a International Airport in Papeete by French Polynesian President Gaston Tong Sang members of the Assembly of French Polynesia and other local Tahitian-based politicians .
org:top_members/employees(e1,e2)	New Komeito party	Akihiro Ota	Chinese President Hu Jintao told New Komeito party chief Akihiro Ota that he hoped the two countries could maintain the good momentum .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Finland	Martti Ahtisaari	Has conducted one-on-one and exclusive interviews with many exceptional people most recently Nobel Prize winners Mary Robinson and James Wolfensohn - former President of the World Bank billionaire entrepreneur Sir Richard Branson former President of Finland and UN Special Representative Martti Ahtisaari and Chairman of the Financial Times Group Sir David Bell .
org:founded(e1,e2)	SJCIT	1986	SJCIT is an engineering institute established in 1986 and imparts degree and graduate education .
no_relation	New York	Gaven	John Simon criticized the latter musical in a New York Magazine review but praised Gaven 's performance writing : The cast ranges from the charmless to the hopeless . . in this mess .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	Aeroflot-Don	Aeroflot	JSC Donavia ( ) formerly Aeroflot-Don ( ) is an Aeroflot subsidiary airline based in Rostov-on-Don Russia .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Malta	George	Abela was born in Qormi Malta to George and Ludgarda ( Debono ) Abela .
org:members(e2,e1)	Ministry of Finance	Republic of China	The Ministry of Finance of the Republic of China ( MOF ; ) is a cabinet-level agency under the Executive Yuan responsible for government revenue taxation treasury government land properties customs in the Republic of China .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Ural State University	Sverdlovsk Oblast	The Ural State University ( ) is located in the city of Yekaterinburg Sverdlovsk Oblast Russian Federation .
org:alternate_names(e1,e2)	Georgia	Georgia	At 23:30 on August 7 according to one of the sources at Georgian Government about 100 Russian armored vehicles and Russian troops invade Georgia crossing the Roki Tunnel from Russia into Georgia but before UN Georgia will claim that Russian forces have entered South Ossetia only on August 8 in 05:30 am .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	House	Taro Aso	Japan's House of Representatives on Wednesday elected Taro Aso new president of the ruling Liberal Democratic Party as the nation's prime minister .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	He	International Atomic Energy Agency	He was Swedish Minister for Foreign Affairs ( 1978 1979 ) and later became the head of the International Atomic Energy Agency .
org:top_members/employees(e1,e2)	Volkswagen	Martin Winterkorn	The Gulf state of Qatar will buy a 17 percent stake in Volkswagen a key shareholder and its chief executive Martin Winterkorn said on Thursday .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Hall High	Little Rock	At Hall High college courses are offered through a partnership ( University Studies ) with the University of Arkansas at Little Rock ( UALR ) .
org:alternate_names(e2,e1)	Wausau	Wausau East High School	Wausau High School was renamed Wausau East High School and the new building on the west side of Wausau became Wausau West High School .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Kenya	Jomo Kenyatta	All of the notes feature a portrait of Kenya 's first prime minister and president Mzee Jomo Kenyatta on the front and diverse economic activities on the back .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	Toyota	Scion	The recall affects certain 2009 and 2010 Toyota Corolla and Corolla Matrix and 2008 and 2009 Scion xD vehicles equipped with 1.8 liter engines .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Williams College	Massachusetts	According to William Tyler an Amherst historian : As early as 1815 six years before the opening of Amherst College the question of relocating Williams College to some more central part of Massachusetts was agitated among its friends and in its board of trustees .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	San Diego Mesa College	San Diego	Over the next two decades his work included campus design and implementation at San Diego Mesa College Grossmont-Cuyamaca College in San Diego County the Stanford University reservoir project in Palo Alto and the precedent-setting work for Cabrillo College in Aptos California .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Singapore	Lee Kuan Yew	The spectacular opening ceremony of the Beijing Olympics has impressed the whole world Singapore 's Minister Mentor and founding father Lee Kuan Yew said .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Tan Cheng Lock	MCA	Under Tan Cheng Lock the MCA played a vital in negotiating independence from the British ; he was also in charge as the MCA formed the Alliance in 1954 in coalition with the United Malays National Organisation and the Malaysian Indian Congress .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Imperial College	Geoffrey Wilkinson	Born and educated in North Wales he read Natural Sciences at Churchill College Cambridge and obtained a PhD in inorganic chemistry from Imperial College London working in the laboratory of Professor Sir Geoffrey Wilkinson .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Charles Sumner	Massachusetts	Charles Sumner Ashley Sr. ( September 5 1858 - February 6 1941 ) was the Mayor of New Bedford Massachusetts various times from 1890 to 1936 .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Ted Heath	Decca	He later recorded with the Johnston Brothers and Ted Heath and His Music ; Such a Night / Cuddle Me was released by Decca Records in 1954 .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Swan	High Wycombe	He has also appeared in pantomime and starred in Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs at the Wycombe Swan in High Wycombe during the 2004 and 2005 Christmas seasons .
org:members(e1,e2)	Outlawz	Young Noble	is a record label that was founded in 1999 by Hip-Hop Group Outlawz and partner Gary Tyler aka Big G.http : / / www.hitemup.com/outlawz/companies-outlawrecords.html After leaving Death Row Records E.D.I. Kastro Napoleon and Young Noble along with Gary Big G Tyler founded Outlaw Recordz .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	Antje Duvekot	Somerville	Antje Duvekot ( pronounced Aunt-yuh Doo-va-kott ) ( born 1976 in Heidelberg Germany ) is a singer-songwriter and guitarist based in Somerville Massachusetts .
no_relation	Salvador	Figueres	jpg | A surrealist tribute to Salvador at the base of the Rambla Figueres .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	he	University of Texas	In 1957 he joined the faculty of the University of Texas Southwestern Medical School in Dallas becoming chair of surgery in 1961 .
no_relation	Kenora District	Ontario	The Cedar River is a river in the Hudson Bay drainage basin in the Unorganized Part of Kenora District in northwestern Ontario Canada .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Charlie Cruz	Puerto Rico	Charlie Cruz who today divides his time between Puerto Rico and Tampa grew up in the small town of Naguabo .
org:alternate_names(e2,e1)	Invensys	Wonderware	Invensys ( Wonderware ) has recently introduced an EMI product called Wonderware Intelligence .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Abubakar Tafawa Balewa	Nigeria	Abubakar Tafawa Balewa University ( ATBU ) is a federal university of technology located in Bauchi northern Nigeria .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Vermont	USA	New opportunities include Director of the Lotsawa Rinchen Zangpo Translator Program ; Spiritual Program Coordinator at Mahamudra Center Coromandel New Zealand and Manager at Milarepa Center Vermont USA .
no_relation	Anthony Corrie	Liam Jurrah	The club has produced many AFL players including Collingwood and Brisbane Lions player Anthony Corrie and ex-Melbourne player Liam Jurrah .
org:alternate_names(e1,e2)	ESPN Classic	Classic Sports	ESPN Classic was licensed as Classic Sports in November 2000 by the Canadian Radio-television and Telecommunications Commission ( CRTC ) and was launched on September 7 2001 as ESPN Classic Canada .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Pitt Meadows Secondary School	Pitt Meadows	Pitt Meadows Secondary School ( PMS ) is a public high school in Pitt Meadows British Columbia part of School District 42 Maple Ridge-Pitt Meadows .
org:alternate_names(e2,e1)	Technology	Norwegian University of Science and Technology	He was appointed professor at the Norwegian Institute of Technology ( now : the Norwegian University of Science and Technology ) in 1991 .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Kuomintang	Ma Ying-jeou	The two candidates were Democratic Progressive Party candidate Frank Hsieh and Kuomintang ( KMT ) nominee Ma Ying-jeou .
per:title(e1,e2)	David James Elliott	actor	Subsequently moving to Los Angeles he took the stage name of David James Elliott having found there was already an actor named David Smith .
per:title(e2,e1)	King	Charles I of England	A staunch supporter of King Charles I of England he is said to have invited the king to take up residence at his home Baron Hill in Beaumaris Caernarvonshire .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Costa Rica	Juan Rafael Mora Porras	Led by Commander in Chief of the Army of Costa Rica President Juan Rafael Mora Porras the filibusters were defeated and forced out of the country .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	El Cerrito High School	California	As a senior at El Cerrito High School Gooden led his Gauchos to the 1999 California Interscholastic Federation Boys Division III championship game .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Goodman	Columbia	Goodman took the newly discovered recording to his record company Columbia and a selection was issued on LP .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Musharraf	Pakistan	Musharraf was replaced last year as Pakistan 's president by Asif Ali Zardari whose party won general elections and who reinstated Chaudhry and his fellow judges in March following a protracted political crisis .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	No Limit	Beats By the Pound	It was released on August 3 1999 for No Limit Records and was produced by Master P and members of Beats By the Pound .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Pamela Youde Nethersole Eastern Hospital	Hong Kong	The hospitals Hong Kong Church Web Page includes Pamela Youde Nethersole Eastern Hospital ( co-managed with Hospital Authority ) Hong Kong Baptist Hospital ( private hospital ) United Christian Hospital ( co-managed with Hospital Authority ) Alice Ho Miu Ling Nethersole Hospital ( co-managed with Hospital Authority ) Evangel Hospital ( private hospital ) Haven of Hope Hospital ( co-managed with Hospital Authority ) .
org:top_members/employees(e1,e2)	Grateful Dead	Jerry Garcia	The lineup of the Grateful Dead at the time of The Grateful Dead Movie was : Jerry Garcia on guitar and vocals Bob Weir on guitar and vocals Phil Lesh on bass Bill Kreutzmann on drums Keith Godchaux on keyboards and Donna Godchaux on vocals .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Tim Howard	Northeastern University	Tim Howard a professor of law at Northeastern University and a leading authority in consumer law cases is co-ordinating the latest wave of lawsuits under the banner of Attorneys Toyota Action Consortium ( ATAC ) .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	I	New Zealand	I was n't intending to settle scores with the book but I could n't help myself says Wareham a New Zealand native who moved to New York as a teen .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Gabriel Videla	Chile	Two days before the internal primaries of the Radical Party Gabriel Videla who represented the Radical Party's more leftist faction returned to Chile to dispute the nomination to Juan Antonio .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	He	USA	He grew up on a small farm in Sharon Kansas USA .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Cockburn	Canada	Cockburn was made a Member of the Order of Canada in 1982 and was promoted to Officer in 2002 .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Handley	Connecticut	Handley a Democrat served as a member of the Connecticut State Senate from 1997 until her unexpected retirement in 2010 .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Venezuela	Hugo	The case of a 3-year-old who turned out to be the boy Colombian rebels promised to release has embarrassed the guerrillas and Venezuela 's President Hugo .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Health and Human Services	Tommy Thompson	Bush administration officials confirmed Tuesday that Health and Human Services Secretary Tommy Thompson will make the announcement to CDC staff in Atlanta at 1 p.m. today .
org:founded_by(e2,e1)	Stan Shih	Acer Inc.	Stan Shih founder of the world's second largest computer vendor Acer Inc. however has warned that refusing to allow the New Taiwan dollar to appreciate as other countries allow their currencies to rise could hurt the purchasing power of local consumers .
per:spouse(e1,e2)	Peters	Michael Wittenberg	Peters married investment adviser Michael Wittenberg on July 20 1996 at the Millbrook New York home of long-time friend Mary Tyler Moore .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Jon Kyl	Arizona	Republican Senator Jon Kyl of Arizona stated that I commend General Petraeus for his honest and forthright assessment of the situation in Iraq .
no_relation	New York	NFL	The New York Bulldogs were founded in 1949 sharing the Polo Grounds with the New York Giants and then being renamed as the New York Yanks and playing in the NFL in the 1950 and 1951 seasons .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Suharto	Indonesia	The Tapol Bulletin is a British-based bulletin that monitored the New Order government of Suharto 's measures against alleged members of the Communist Party of Indonesia after the 1965-1966 crisis in Indonesia .
per:origin(e2,e1)	Belgian	Jacques Rogge	The International Olympic Committee on Friday re-elected Belgian Jacques Rogge as president for a new four year term with 88 votes in favour one against and three abstentions .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Romania	Romtelecom	A 2002 reform modified the system to an 10 digits system starting with the leading national access code 0 ( which is dropped when calling from outside Romania and replaced with +40 ) : Most VoIP providers ( SmartCall TelefonIP ) offer numbers bought from the wholesale service of Romtelecom .
per:origin(e2,e1)	American	Johnny Cash	The Baron is the 66th album by American country singer Johnny Cash released on Columbia Records in 1981 ( see 1981 in music ) .
org:alternate_names(e2,e1)	INL	The Nelson Mail	In 1993 INL moved south again acquiring the Nelson Evening Mail ( since renamed The Nelson Mail ) .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	FNC	News Corporation	FNC is carried in the Republic of Ireland by the British Sky Broadcasting ( BSkyB ) satellite-television network ( Sky ) which is 40-percent owned by FNC 's parent ( News Corporation ) .
no_relation	Redding	Volt	Unlike Redding 's first studio album Pain in My Heart the album was released both on Atlantic's subsidiary Atco Records and Stax's Volt Records .
org:members(e2,e1)	Young Noble	Outlawz	stic.man collaborated with Young Noble from Outlawz on their Soldier 2 Soldier album the same year .
no_relation	TTP-based	AUDI	That year Hamilton Sundstrand chose TTTech to support the development of a TTP-based data communication platform for the new Boeing 787 Dreamliner and TTTech Automotive started a project with the AUDI AG subsidiary AEV where the PEGASUS concept car with FlexRay-based electronics architecture was developed .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	WyoTech	Wyoming	The six WyoTech campuses are located in Blairsville Pennsylvania ; Daytona Beach Florida ; Fremont California ; Laramie Wyoming ; Sacramento California and Long Beach California .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	ATS Medical	Minneapolis	ATS Medical Inc. ( NASDAQ : ATSI ) ( ATS stands for Advancing the standards ) based in Minneapolis Minnesotahttp : / / www.atsmedical.com/Company.aspx?id=958 is a developer and manufacturer of products and services for the cardiac surgery market .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	he	Lithuania	Her Brussels job was itself part of Adamkus ' legacy as he paved the way for Lithuania to join the EU and NATO in 2004 .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	Austral	Argentinas	Cielos del Sur S.A. operating as Austral more commonly known by its shortened name Austral is a domestic airline of Argentina the sister company of Argentinas .
org:members(e1,e2)	Union Association	St. Louis Maroons	Although the Union Association was dominated by the St. Louis Maroons the Cincinnati Unions or Outlaw Reds had a strong club that could hold its own against the Maroons and drew well at the gate eroding the real Reds ' fan base .
org:members(e2,e1)	Apollyon Sun	Mayan Records	Subsequently managed by Rod Smallwood and Merck Mercuriadis Apollyon Sun released a five-track debut mini-album - God Leaves ( And Dies ) on London's Mayan Records in summer of 1998 and then contributed God Leaves and Relinquished Body for the soundtrack of top-rated BBC TV show City Central .
per:spouse(e1,e2)	Victoria Osteen	Joel Osteen	Hardin successfully represented Victoria Osteen wife of TV evangelist and bestselling author Joel Osteen in a civil lawsuit filed by a Continental Airlines flight attendant .
org:founded(e2,e1)	1956	English Martyrs School and Sixth Form College	It opened in 1956 and was subsumed into The English Martyrs School and Sixth Form College along with St Joseph's Convent School and three more local Catholic schools in 1973 .
no_relation	he	Crap	While he was abroad the first single from Cut the Crap the mournful This Is England was released to mostly negative reviews .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Joseph Lyons	Australia	At the electoral redistribution of 12 September 1984 it was abolished and replaced by the Division of Lyons in order to jointly honour Joseph Lyons the fourteenth Prime Minister of Australia who held Wilmot from 1929 1939 and his wife Dame Enid Lyons the first woman elected to the Australian House of Representatives in 1943 and subsequently the first female member of Cabinet ( 1949 51 ) .
per:cities_of_residence(e2,e1)	New York	Onaje Allan Gumbs	His recorded work includes a performance with the New York pianist Onaje Allan Gumbs on the 2007 album Sack Full of Dreams .
no_relation	American	her	In 1844 she caused a sensation in London society when the American showman P. T. Barnum and his celebrated midget Tom Thumb performed at her home .
org:top_members/employees(e1,e2)	Fininvest	Pasquale Cannatelli	MolMed gave us the opportunity to diversify our investment portfolio Fininvest Chief Executive Pasquale Cannatelli said in an interview in April .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	Gamal Abdel Nasser	Cairo	In 1955 Egyptian Prime Minister Gamal Abdel Nasser moved the statue to the large Bab Al-Hadid square in Cairo that was then renamed Ramses Square .
org:founded(e1,e2)	English Crossing Elementary	1995	A bond issue was passed in 1992 to fund the construction of English Crossing Elementary School opened in 1995 serving grades 3 5 .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Korea Exchange	South Korea	HSBC Holdings PLC's bid for a controlling stake in Korea Exchange Bank cleared a hurdle Wednesday when South Korea 's corporate watchdog said the planned acquisition would not hurt market competition .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Daoud	Afghanistan	After Daoud had seized power he established the Daoud 's Republic of Afghanistan .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Jewell	Arkansas	Jewell later moved to Camden Arkansas at age 21 in pursuit of a musical career .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	South Africa	Cape Town Highlanders	Descendants of Scottish immigrants to South Africa raised the Cape Town Highlanders in 1885 .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	United States	Herbie Hancock	The United States has also signed some big-name acts including musician Herbie Hancock who will perform next month .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Cruz	Sonora Matancera	In 1950 Cruz made her first major breakthrough after the lead singer of the Sonora Matancera a renowned Cuban orchestra left the group and Cruz was called to fill in .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Fouad Siniora	Lebanon	Lebanese caretaker Prime Minister Fouad Siniora Friday said rockets exchange between Lebanon and Israel is dangerous in current situation official National News Agency ( NNA ) reported .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Sally Field	Brothers Sisters	Actress Drama Series : Sally Field Brothers Sisters ABC ; Kyra Sedgwick The Closer TNT ; Glenn Close Damages FX Networks ; Mariska Hargitay Law Order : Special Victims Unit NBC ; Elisabeth Moss Mad Men AMC ; Holly Hunter Saving Grace TNT .
org:top_members/employees(e2,e1)	J. Christopher Flowers	JC Flowers	We are pleased to invest in Sallie Mae and help provide increased liquidity stability and financial strength said J. Christopher Flowers managing director at JC Flowers .
no_relation	1972	Plus	The song was originally performed as early as in 1971 but it was n't until late 1972 when it was included on 2 Plus 1's debut LP Nowy wspania?y ?wiat .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Wheaton College	Massachusetts	He was professor of Russian Wheaton College Norton Massachusetts from about 1946 to 1962 followed by 3 years at Ohio State University .
per:origin(e2,e1)	Greek	Marianta Pieridi	Oute Ki Esi is a CD single by popular Greek artist Marianta Pieridi released in Greece in July 2003 by Universal Music Greece .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e2,e1)	New Jersey	Bret Schundler	In that same year Christine Todd Whitman captured the New Jersey governorship from the Democrats and Bret Schundler became the first Republican mayor of Jersey City New Jersey that had been held by the Democratic Party since 1917 .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Ventura College	California	Others say Zoom was brought to Ventura College in California in 1971 by Kelly Weaverling a former Navy submarine sailor who claimed the game originated by the Navy submarine crew he worked with .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	his	France	Korda grew up in England but received part of his education in France where his father had worked with film director Marcel Pagnol .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Loeb	Ontario	In order to comply with Competition Bureau concerns Loblaw sold 47 Loeb stores in Ontario acquired through the Provigo deal to Metro-Richelieu and agreed to divest stores in eight other markets .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	4th Mechanized Corps	Soviet Union	Just like the 4th Mechanized Corps ( Soviet Union ) the 6th Mechanised Corps stood out of the remaining mechanised corps of the Red Army .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Nepal	Prachanda	On behalf of the UN Secretary General Pascoe will meet top political leaders including caretaker Prime Minister Madhav Kumar Nepal leaders of the big three parties : Unified Communist Party of Nepal ( Maoist ) Chairman Prachanda Nepali Congress President Sushil Koirala and Communist Party Nepal-Unified Marxist Leninist Chairman Jhala Nath Khanal among others .
org:top_members/employees(e1,e2)	Studio Ghibli	Hayao Miyazaki	A November 27 2008 entry in the official Studio Ghibli blog reported that co-founder Hayao Miyazaki ( who is Goro's father ) had discussed plans for two feature-length films over the next three years with his studio staffers .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Scarpaleggia	Quebec	During the 2006 Liberal Party of Canada leadership contest Scarpaleggia was one of two Quebec MPs who backed the candidacy of Dion who ultimately went on to win the race on December 2 2006 at the Montreal convention centre .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Israel	Ariel Sharon	Former Prime Minister of Israel Ariel Sharon was born in Kfar Malal .
org:alternate_names(e2,e1)	Bhopal	Barkatullah University	The university was established in 1970 as Bhopal University and was renamed Barkatullah University in 1988 .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Wheaton College	Massachusetts	She graduated from Wheaton College in Massachusetts in 1937 and married Michael Fritz in 1941 .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	University of Southern California	Los Angeles	The University of Southern California beat the University of California Los Angeles in the annual football rivalry at Los Angeles Memorial Coliseum on Saturday but it was n't allegiance to the Trojans or Bruins that brought Ice Cube to the empty stadium the week before the game .
org:top_members/employees(e2,e1)	Paul Jay	The Real News	Paul Jay The Real News 's Senior Editor talked about how interesting it is that corporate-owned Showtime decided to put the series on television .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Comptroller	Maryland	As Comptroller he has acted as a fiscal watchdog for the taxpayers of Maryland and an independent voice on the powerful three-member Maryland Board of Public Works which approves millions of dollars in State contracts each year .
org:top_members/employees(e2,e1)	Chew Choon Seng	Singapore Airlines	Leeham Company Several days later Chew Choon Seng then CEO of Singapore Airlines ( SIA ) made a similar comment : Having gone to the trouble of designing a new wing tail cockpit and adding advanced new materials Airbus should have gone the whole hog and designed a new fuselage .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Thatcher	Conservative Party	Thatcher then leader of the opposition Conservative Party is shown battling for a more public role in celebrations to mark 50 years since women got the vote in secret files only just made public .
org:members(e2,e1)	F.C. Copenhagen	Danish Superliga	Igor Vetokele ( born 23 March 1992 in Angola ) is a Belgian-Angolan footballer who currently plays for F.C. Copenhagen in the Danish Superliga .
no_relation	Peugeot	Sochaux	The Sochaux plant opened for the manufacture of trucks in 1912 was therefore located in a region where the Peugeot family were already a significant industrial force though the town of Sochaux itself had till that point industrialised without the benefit of a Peugeot presence .
no_relation	Isabella of France	England	Isabella de Vesci ( died 1334 ) also Isabella de Beaumont was a prominent noblewoman allied to Isabella of France during the reign of Edward II of England .
org:members(e1,e2)	NavyArmy	Stripes convenience stores	As of December 2012 NavyArmy has 12 branches and over 500 ATMs located in its Coastal Bend and Rio Grand Valley service area and in hundreds of Stripes convenience stores in Texas and Oklahoma .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Ahmad Shah Massoud	Afghanistan	In 1998 after the defeat of Abdul Rashid Dostum's faction in Mazar-i-Sharif Ahmad Shah Massoud remained the only main leader of the United Front in Afghanistan and the only leader who was able to defend vast parts of his area against the Taliban .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	He	Czechoslovakia	He became a member of the Communist Party of Czechoslovakia ( KS? ) and of the Communist Party of Slovakia ( KSS ) .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	the	Manchester	Shortly after his return he received an appeal from the Orchestra in Manchester to become its conductor .
org:founded(e2,e1)	1980	Solidarity	Their objectives were : On September 24 1980 representatives of Polish individual farmers submitted documents to the Warsaw Provincial Court for registration as Rural Solidarity .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Khieu Samphan	Cambodia	Khieu Samphan 76 was hospitalized last Wednesday in Phnom Penh after suffering a stroke and being flown from his home in Pailin in northwestern Cambodia by a helicopter dispatched by Prime Minister Hun Sen .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Davey Tree Expert Company	Kent	He subsequently launched a landscape and greenhouse business in Warren Ohio and then in 1880 founded The Davey Tree Expert Company in nearby Kent .
no_relation	Weatherspoon	1994	The Sixers were stockpiled with lottery picks up front : Weatherspoon Shawn Bradley taken second in 1993 and Sharone Wright taken sixth in 1994 .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Greece	Ioannis Metaxas	In 1940 he was arrested and exiled for opposing the 4th of August Regime under Prime Minister of Greece Ioannis Metaxas .
no_relation	she	composer	The next year she married popular singer and composer Anders Bvrje whom she later divorced .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Arizona	Salt River Project	It became the Papago-Saguaro National Monument in 1914 but this status was recalled by Congress April 7 1930 because the area was not considered suitable for a national monument.Arizona Place Names Will C Barnes U of A Press page 317 It was divided amongst the state of Arizona the city of Tempe and the Water Users Association later known as the Salt River Project .
per:spouse(e2,e1)	david	Sarkozy	Less than a month after separating from david Sarkozy met Italian-born singer song-writer and former fashion model Carla Bruni at a dinner party and soon entered a relationship with her .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	Army	Punjab Regiment	Three of the Army 's oldest and most distinguished battalions 2nd Battalion of the 2nd Punjab Regiment 1st Battalion of the Indian Grenadiers Regiment and 1st Battalion of the 6th Rajputana Rifles were converted as Guards battalions in 1949 .
org:alternate_names(e1,e2)	Halifax	HBOS	In 2001 the Bank of Scotland and the Halifax agreed a merger to form HBOS ( Halifax Bank of Scotland ) .
per:country_of_birth(e1,e2)	Harold Wilson	United Kingdom	Harold Wilson became Prime Minister of the United Kingdom on 16 October 1964 and formed the First Wilson Ministry .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Texas	University	These include Advanced Micro Devices Austin Independent School District the City of Austin Freescale Semiconductor IBM Seton Healthcare Network the Texas Government the United States Government and the University of Texas at Austin .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	China University of Political Science and Law	China	Teng Biao 34 a lecturer at the China University of Political Science and Law assisted a blind activist who was jailed after exposing abuses in enforcement of China 's one-child-only policy .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Nigeria	Sani Abacha	Colonel Daniel Akintonde was appointed Military Governor of Ogun State Nigeria from December 1993 to August 1996 during the military regime of General Sani Abacha .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Argentina	hitler	In the book Inside Argentina from to Menem : 1950 2000 from an American Point of View Levine writes : The American government demonstrated no knowledge of hitler 's deep admiration for Italy ( and his distaste for Germany whose culture he found too rigid ) .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Jeff Merkley	Oregon	He was opposed by Democrat Jeff Merkley the Speaker of the Oregon House of Representatives and David Brownlow of the Constitution Party of Oregon .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Juilliard School	New York	Nelnet had arrangements with alumni associations at about 120 colleges and universities nationwide according to Cuomo's office including in New York the Juilliard School City College and several campuses of the State University of New York .
no_relation	England	Wolsey	In England 's Parnassus ( 1600 ) are about 20 poems by Storer ; they are derived from the Life of Wolsey and display an elaborate style of metaphor .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Quebec City	Labeaume	In 2007 though polls showed the province's population to be that which held the monarch most unfavourably and despite threats of violence and protest from separatists the Executive Council of Quebec and the Mayor of Quebec City Labeaume desired the attendance of Elizabeth II or either Prince William or Prince Harry at the 400th anniversary of the founding of Quebec .
org:members(e2,e1)	St. Charles North High School	Illinois	St. Charles North High School offers the following Advanced Placement Program courses : Currently St. Charles North is undergoing curriculum renewal and redesign in partnership with the Illinois Math and Science Academy along with Brown University .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Bustamante	Jamaica	In 2009 Prime Minister Bruce Golding and the leadership of the Bustamante Industrial Trade Union ( BITU ) celebrated Bustamante 's 97th birthday at her residence in Irish Town Saint Andrew Parish Jamaica .
no_relation	Universal	Deus	Folha has won in every lawsuit against it by members of the Igreja Universal do Reino de Deus more than a 100 of them up to now .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Ben-Gurion University of the Negev	Israel	However Zaki Shalom an expert on Israeli security affairs from Ben-Gurion University of the Negev in southern Israel is more sceptical about the likely success of the latest sanctions .
no_relation	Italy	Antonio Fazio	Around 20 people including former Bank of Italy governor Antonio Fazio have been placed under investigation in connection with a banking scandal that rocked the country in 2005 Italian media said Tuesday .
per:alternate_names(e2,e1)	Tiridates	Tiridates I of Armenia	Tiridates II was the namesake of his ancestor Tiridates I of Armenia and his of Parthian ancestors who ruled with this name as King .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Sweden	Olof Palme	She said there seemed no link between the diplomatic spat and the refusal of Iranian authorities to allow feminist journalist Parvin Ardalan to go to Sweden to receive the 2007 Olof Palme prize for her work on gender equality and democracy in Iran .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Duncan Stewart	Uruguay	Duncan Stewart died in 1923 having lived through practically all of Uruguay 's post-independence history .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	G-Unit	Tony Yayo	G-Unit rapper Tony Yayo was sentenced Thursday to 10 days of community service after pleading guilty to harassment of a recording rival's 14-year-old son .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Navy	Donald C. Winter	In October 2008 United States Secretary of the Navy Donald C. Winter announced that DDG-1001 the second ship in the Zumwalt class of destroyers would be named in his honor .
org:alternate_names(e1,e2)	Brazilian Navy	Marinha do Brasil	The Brazilian Navy ( Portuguese : Marinha do Brasil ) is the naval service branch of the Brazilian Armed Forces responsible for conducting naval operations .
org:members(e2,e1)	Chrysler	Division	All the vehicles shown in this movie were produced by Chrysler Chrysler RV and Chrysler Marine Division .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Wanderers F.C.	1877	The club was formed in Bolton in 1874 as Christ Church F.C. and was renamed Bolton Wanderers F.C. in 1877 .
org:members(e2,e1)	Partizan	Euroleague	In the 2005 06 season another rather weak year for Partizan in the Euroleague Milojevi? had another double-double Euroleague season scoring 16.4 ppg and grabbing 10 rebounds per game also winning a couple of Player of the Week honors .
org:top_members/employees(e2,e1)	Stockwell Day	Canadian Alliance	Former Reform Party leader Preston Manning lost in a leadership race to Stockwell Day who became leader of the new Canadian Alliance party .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	University of Toronto	John Tuzo Wilson	At the University of Toronto John Tuzo Wilson earned a world wide reputation for his research into geological theory of plate techtonics .
org:city_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Stillwater	Oklahoma State Cowboys	Hunter attended Oklahoma State University Stillwater and played for coach Mike Gundy's Oklahoma State Cowboys football team from 2007 to 2010 .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	National Intelligence	John Negroponte	The operation Tuesday came a week after U.S. National Intelligence Director John Negroponte told a Senate committee that leaders of both al-Qaida and Afghanistan's former ruling Taliban militia were finding shelter in Pakistan's lawless frontier areas .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	NTV	Moscow	He once owned Russian television stations NTV and TNT and Moscow has issued an international warrant for his arrest accusing him of laundering money through his Media-MOST empire .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Japan	Inpex	JAKARTA Nov. 13 ( Xinhua ) -- A consortium of Thailand's PTT Exploration Europe - based Murphy Oil Corporation and Japan 's Inpex Corporation had won the bidding for the exploration rights in Semai II block in Papua of Indonesia Indonesian energy ministry said here Thursday .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	London	Liberty Records	It was London 's final album for Liberty Records her label since 1955 .
org:founded(e1,e2)	Sears Holdings	2005	Sears Holdings was created in connection with the merger of Kmart and Sears which was completed on March 24 2005 .
per:title(e2,e1)	singer	Minori Chihara	In 2010 it was also covered by voice actor and singer Minori Chihara for the anime series Occult Academy .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Joseph Cook	Australia	Sir Joseph Cook GCMG ( 7 December 1860 30 July 1947 ) was an Australian politician and the sixth Prime Minister of Australia .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	Mandarin Airlines	China Airlines	Mandarin Airlines is owned by China Airlines ( 93.99 % ) and has 630 employees ( as of March 2007 ) .
no_relation	University of North Carolina	Appalachian State University	A member of Phi Beta Kappa she graduated magna cum laude from the University of North Carolina at Greensboro and Appalachian State University and holds degrees in English Latin psychology and education of gifted children .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	BSU	Minsk	Sharapo Alexander Victorovich - Doctor of History Department Chairman of International Relations ( Faculty of International Relations BSU Minsk ) Professor of International Relations .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Interior	Dirk Kempthorne	They spoke on condition of anonymity because the official announcement was to come from Interior Secretary Dirk Kempthorne .
org:top_members/employees(e1,e2)	Maxim	Dennis Publishing	It was launched by the owner of Maxim magazine Dennis Publishing in August 2005 .
org:city_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Madurai	Thiagarajar College of Engineering	There are seven engineering colleges in Madurai affiliated to Anna University with the Thiagarajar College of Engineering being the oldest of all .
org:members(e2,e1)	Waterloo Warriors	Canadian Interuniversity Sport	Waterloo's varsity teams known as the Waterloo Warriors compete in the Ontario University Athletics conference of the Canadian Interuniversity Sport .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Guyana	Cheddi Jagan	On 2 December 1964 then premier of Guyana Dr. Cheddi Jagan unveiled a bronze statue of Critchlow in the compound of the Parliament Building .
per:title(e2,e1)	Prime Minister	Jan Peter Balkenende	During the meeting the UAE Economy Minister Shaikha Lubna bint Khalid Al Qasimi and visiting Dutch Prime Minister Jan Peter Balkenende discussed ways to boost economic investment and trade cooperation according to the report .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	BYD Company	China	Founder of BYD Company he is the wealthiest man in China as of late 2009 .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Algeria	Sonatrach	Numhyd is an oil company founded on 4 April 2003 jointly owned and managed by Algeria 's Sonatrach and Tunisia's ETAP who each own 50 % .
no_relation	singer	Stefan Raab	In 2007 singer Yen reached the top 20 in the finals of Stefan Raab 's music show SSDSDSSWEMUGABRTLAD .
org:alternate_names(e1,e2)	CBS	United Independent Broadcasters	The origins of CBS date back to January 27 1927 with the creation of the United Independent Broadcasters network in Chicago by New York talent-agent Arthur Judson .
per:origin(e1,e2)	Matisse	French	Five famous paintings by prestigious art masters including Matisse and Picasso were stolen overnight Wednesday French police said Thursday .
per:spouse(e2,e1)	Henry	Catherine of Aragon	In 1529 and 1530 he acted for Henry VIII in Italy in the matter of the king's intended divorce from Catherine of Aragon ; earlier he had tutored Henry in Greek .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Indonesia	Suharto	RIAU Indonesia -- Son of former dictator Suharto makes bid to take over Golkar party at 2-day national convention .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Los Medanos College	California	She is a full time film and literature professor at Los Medanos College in Pittsburg California and was chair and founder of the Drama Dept for 12 years .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Khan	England	He totally dominated Lawton who struggled to put Khan on the back-foot at any stage because of the Bolton northern England boxer lightning speed .
per:country_of_birth(e1,e2)	Nkurunziza	Burundi	Nkurunziza was born in 1963 in Burundi 's capital city of Bujumbura .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Birzeit University	West Bank	Many people are not happy with Abbas going to meet Olmert Ali Jarbawi a political science professor at Birzeit University in the West Bank said in a telephone interview on Sunday .
no_relation	Mamoru Oshii	Japanese	Urusei Yatsura : Only You was directed by Mamoru Oshii and began showing in Japanese cinemas on February 11 1983 .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Notorious MSG	New York City	Notorious MSG is a performing trio of Asian American rappers founded in 2002 in Chinatown Manhattan New York City .
org:founded(e1,e2)	Communist Party of the Soviet Union	August 1991	Vladimir Antonovich Ivashko ( ; ) ( 28 October 1932 13 November 1994 ) was briefly the acting General Secretary of the Communist Party of the Soviet Union ( CPSU ) during the period from 24 August 1991 to 29 August 1991 .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	GO	Marsa	GO is based in Marsa Malta .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Surayud Chulanont	Thailand	In April 2008 Bhumibol appointed alleged coup plotter General Surayud Chulanont to the Privy Council of Thailand .
org:alternate_names(e1,e2)	Ministry of Health	MOH	The Ministry of Health ( Abbreviation : MOH ; Chinese : ; Malay : Kementerian Kesihatan Tamil : ) is a ministry of the Government of Singapore responsible for providing information raising health awareness and education ensuring the accessibility of health services and monitoring the quality of health services provided to citizens and visitors in the Republic of Singapore .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	UCLA School of Public Affairs	Los Angeles	She has served on the faculty of the UCLA School of Public Affairs at the University of California Los Angeles ; Harris School of Public Policy Studies at the University of Chicago ; the Economics Department at Dartmouth College ; and the Department of Community and Family Medicine at Dartmouth Medical School .
no_relation	Osco Drug	Inc	These two divisions were combined in 1968 and formed Osco Drug Inc .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Canadian Forces	Canada	On 25 March 2008 in an announcement that cancelled the bidding process for the Joint Support Ship Project for Canadian Forces Maritime Command the Government of Canada placed the coast guard's Mid Shore Patrol Vessel Project on hold due to bids that were significantly higher than budgeted allocations .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Kaamos	Candlelight	Kaamos choose to sign with Candlelight Records from several label offers .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	He	Punch Brothers	He is a member of the group Punch Brothers and was previously in Leftover Salmon as well as the John Cowan Band .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	United States	Calvin Coolidge	The 1920 National Convention of the Republican Party of the United States nominated Ohio Senator Warren G. Harding for President and Massachusetts Governor Calvin Coolidge for Vice President .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Aero Slovakia	Slovakia	Aero Slovakia is an aviation company based in Slovakia offering a range of aviation services including air taxi operations .
org:alternate_names(e2,e1)	MI6	Secret Intelligence Service	A recent study has connected the Jolly family with Mansfield Cumming during the period when the foreign section of the Secret Service Bureau was being transformed into the Directorate of Military Intelligence Section 6 ( MI6 ) thereby laying the foundations for today's Secret Intelligence Service ( SIS ) .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	California	Barbara Boxer	He worked as an attorney for then California State Controller Gray Davis and also worked on the staff of California Senator Barbara Boxer .
org:founded_by(e2,e1)	Arkansas	1st Arkansas Infantry	When Arkansas left the Union the Yell Rifles became part of the 1st Arkansas Infantry later designated the 15th Arkansas of which he was elected Colonel .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	ESPN	ESPN Classic	On August 4 2009 Dish Network sued ESPN for $ 1 million in a federal lawsuit alleging that ESPN breached its contract by not extending the same carriage terms the programmer provided to Comcast and DirecTV for ESPNU and ESPN Classic .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Agriculture	Dan Glickman	On this day in 1997 Vice President Al Gore and Secretary of Agriculture Dan Glickman reported that over 30 million Americans ( roughly 1 in 9 ) were suffering from hunger .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	William Howard Taft	United States	The inauguration of William Howard Taft as the 27th President of the United States and James S. Sherman as Vice President took place on Thursday March 4 1909 .
per:cities_of_residence(e2,e1)	Los Angeles	Tom Bradley	The Republican nominee Attorney General George Deukmejian narrowly defeated the Democratic nominee Los Angeles Mayor Tom Bradley .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e2,e1)	Minnesota	Satveer Chaudhary	During his first two years as a state senator Chaudhary served on seven Senate Committees including : Minnesota legislative records show 156 Senate Documents Found In Legislative Session 82 ( 2001 2002 ) for bills listing Satveer Chaudhary as Author or Chief Author .
org:top_members/employees(e2,e1)	Michael	Kingdom	Stewart Michael Member of Parliament United Kingdom .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Jagadish Chandra Bose	India	Jagadish Chandra Bose was one of the greatest pioneers of modern science in pre-Independent India .
per:country_of_birth(e1,e2)	I SS Panzer Corps	Hungary	The 12th SS alongside the LSSAH as a part of I SS Panzer Corps arrived in Hungary in early February 1945 only a few days before the city fell .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Eminem	Bass Brothers	Eminem purchased the Effigy Studio in Ferndale Michigan in 2007 and ended his working relationship with much of his former production team of the 54 Sound recording studio including the Bass Brothers .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Ortega	Nicaragua	Ortega was overwhelmingly elected President in 1984 but the long years of war had decimated Nicaragua 's economy and widespread poverty ensued .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Sofia Rotaru	Ukraine	Yedynomu ( literally To the Only One ) - is the third studio album of Sofia Rotaru recorded in Ukraine .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	United States	Eminem	With the sales of over 5 million in the United States and 10.25 million worldwide it became Eminem 's best selling single of all time .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	Alaskan Air Command	United States Air Force	Alaskan Air Command ( AAC ) is an inactive United States Air Force Major Command .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Thomas Hart Benton	Missouri	The Thomas Hart Benton Home and Studio State Historic Site is located at 3616 Belleview Kansas City Missouri .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Jersey City	Thomas F. X. Smith	The crowded field of 13 Democratic candidates included U.S. Representative James Florio U.S. Representative Robert A. Roe Newark Mayor Kenneth A. Gibson Senate President Joseph P. Merlino Attorney General John J. Degnan and Jersey City Mayor Thomas F. X. Smith .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Firbank Grammar School	Brighton	Firbank Grammar School is an independent Anglican day and boarding school situated in the suburb of Brighton in the bayside area of Melbourne Victoria Australia .
no_relation	New York	Eleanor	During the campaign of Eleanor's husband Franklin D. Roosevelt for Governor of New York Thompson became Eleanor 's personal secretary .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	McGill University	Montreal	Alexis Hauser is an Austrian conductor who is currently the music director of the McGill Symphony Orchestra and the McGill Sinfonietta as well as a faculty member with the Schulich School of Music of McGill University in Montreal Canada .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	soil	Chicago	It was a necessary innovation in the development of tall buildings in the wet soil of Chicago in the 19th century where it was developed by John Wellborn Root who came up with the idea of interlacing the concrete slab with steel beams .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Hong Kong Express Airways	Hong Kong	With the inauguration of flight services by the Hong Kong Express Airways between Hong Kong and Yangon in early November this year the number of Chinese airlines flying Myanmar has come to four .
org:members(e2,e1)	Virginia Wesleyan College	Division III	Old Dominion Monarchs and the Norfolk State Spartans play in NCAA Division I while the Virginia Wesleyan College 's Marlins play in NCAA Division III .
org:founded_by(e2,e1)	Isao Takahata	Studio Ghibli	The studio dissolved in late 1985 when it was going bankrupt which allowed Hayao Miyazaki and Isao Takahata to buy the studio and changed its name to Studio Ghibli and many Topcraft animators latter joined Ghibli or went to work for other anime studios thus making this studio the birth studio and start of Studio Ghibli .
org:alternate_names(e2,e1)	PFF League	Pakistan Premier League	It won the 2008-09 PFF League to qualify for Pakistan Premier League 2009 .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Treasury	Robert Rubin	In Geithner's last job at Treasury he was under secretary for international affairs under Secretaries Robert Rubin and Lawrence Summers who was also considered a top candidate for Treasury secretary in an Obama administration .
org:members(e1,e2)	Philadelphia	University of the Arts	Built as the art gallery for the 1876 Centennial Exposition it subsequently housed the Pennsylvania Museum of Art ( now the Philadelphia Museum of Art ) and the Pennsylvania Museum School of Industrial Art ( now the University of the Arts ) .
org:founded_by(e2,e1)	Sergey Brin	Google	While Larry Page and Sergey Brin were PhD students at Stanford University in California they created Google in January 1996 as a research project ; Google employee Tom Oliveri highlighted the company's early days : Science fairs help students to explore their vision and curiosity through science .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Kenya	Jomo Kenyatta	Ratemo Michieka is a former director-general of the National Environmental Management Authority ( NEMA ) in Kenya and founding Vice-Chancellor of Jomo Kenyatta University of Agriculture and Technology .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Crossbreed	Florida	Crossbreed was a six member industrial metal band from Clearwater Florida formed in 1996 .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Yes	Chris Squire	Because of the separate existence of Yes ( part of the band's name still being owned by Chris Squire ) this alternate incarnation were forced to use their surnames as the band's name after Squire threatened legal action .
no_relation	Lim Guan Eng	Malaysia	She is also married to the current Chief Minister of the State of Penang who also the Secretary-General of the DAP YAB Tuan Lim Guan Eng and is the daughter-in-law of the former Opposition Leader in the Parliament of Malaysia Lim Kit Siang who is also of the DAP .
org:founded(e2,e1)	2002	Caribbean Sun Airlines	The airline was founded by its first President Yolanda Suarez in September 2002 as Caribbean Sun Airlines in Fort Lauderdale Florida and started operations in January 2003 with flights from San Juan's Luis International Airport to Tortola using Bombardier Dash 8-100 aircraft .
per:title(e2,e1)	actress	Sandra Bernhard	The Pageant featured a celebrity performance by superstar comic actress singer Miss Sandra Bernhard who also judged the contestants along with James St. James klub kid legend and author of Party Monster ; Energy 92FM gay deejays Fernando Greg ; Midnight Mass ' Peaches Christ ; and Miss Trannyshack 2004 Anna Conda .
org:members(e2,e1)	48th Infantry Brigade Combat Team	Georgia	The 1st Squadron 108th Cavalry Regiment is a Reconnaissance Surveillance and Target Acquisition squadron of the 48th Infantry Brigade Combat Team ( IBCT ) Georgia Army National Guard .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Kit Bond	Missouri	Sen. Kit Bond of Missouri became the second Republican to voice publicly his support for the idea joining Sen. George Voinovich of Ohio .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Thailand	Anand Panyarachun	The next day the insurgents responded by increasing the number of violent acts by fivefold in comparison to the average the preceding month.International Herald Tribune Use of militias rising in southern Thailand 19 March 2007 On March 2005 respected former Prime Minister Anand Panyarachun was appointed as chairman of the National Reconciliation Commission tasked with overseeing that peace is brought back to the South .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Pat Roberts	Kansas	Meanwhile lawmakers with Boeing plants in their regions -- including the Washington State delegation and Sens. Pat Roberts and Sam Brownback both Republicans from Kansas -- were exploring options to block or limit the Airbus deal .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Garnet Crow	Giza Studio	Garnet Crow ( stylized as GARNET CROW ) is a Japanese pop/rock band formed in 1999 and associated with the Giza Studio record label .
org:members(e2,e1)	Western Michigan Broncos	NCAA	Andy Murray ( born March 3 1951 ) is the current head coach for the Western Michigan Broncos men's ice hockey team of the NCAA Division I Central Collegiate Hockey Association ( CCHA ) .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Liaquat Ali Khan	Pakistan	Khan Liaquat Ali Khan the first Prime Minister of Pakistan and Jinnah's sister Fatima Jinnah are also buried besides Jinnah .
org:city_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Berlin	Technical University of Berlin	Early 1929 he moved to Siemens-Schuckert headquarters in Berlin Germany and started teaching at the Technical University of Berlin .
org:top_members/employees(e2,e1)	Ji Baocheng	Renmin University of China	On the other hand NPC deputy Ji Baocheng also president of the Renmin University of China said granting scholars administrative posts is a means to show respect for them .
org:top_members/employees(e1,e2)	Foxconn	Terry Gou	Foxconn Chairman Terry Gou said his group will start developing its own products in an apparent effort to supplement the low-margin assembly of goods for foreign companies .
per:country_of_birth(e2,e1)	Kenya	E-Sir	Born Issah Mmari on May 20 1981 in California Estate and raised in South c estate Nairobi Kenya E-Sir was a Kenyan hip hop artist signed to the Ogopa DJs label who was famous for his deft lyrical ability and command of the Swahili language .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	University of Talca	Talca	The University of Talca ( ) is a Chilean university located in the cities of Talca and Santiago .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	premiere	Canada	The English Radio One and the French premiere provide news and information programming to most communities in Canada regardless of size on either the AM or FM band .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	Hamilton	McMaster University	In 1982 Dr. Grof became Director of Research and Education at the Hamilton Psychiatric Hospital a teaching hospital of McMaster University where he expanded research activities in psychobiology and established a psychopharmacology research and training center .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	Parameswara	Palembang	Now that the history is interlinked there is a possibility that Parameswara 's family were Cham refugees who fled to Palembang before he fled to Tumasik and finally to Malacca .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Edward Blake	Ontario	Samuel Hume Blake ( 31 August 1835 23 June 1914 ) was the son of William Hume Blake an Irish-Canadian jurist and politician and the brother of Edward Blake the second Premier of Ontario .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Humana	Louisville	UnitedHealth Group Inc. based in Minnetonka Minn. and Humana Inc. of Louisville Ky. are among the leaders in Part D sales he said .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Interior	Giuliano Amato	Interior Minister Giuliano Amato expressed hope that the authors can be quickly identified and that they can be prosecuted for the grave crimes if charges are determined according to the statement .
no_relation	Philadelphia	Black Thought	Its music video was filmed at the Cecil B. Moore Recreational Center in Philadelphia Pennsylvania where Eve and rapper Black Thought were in attendance .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Cambodia	Lon Nol	On 18 March 1970 Cambodia 's chief of state Prince Norodom Sihanouk was overthrown by the National Assembly led by the pro-American Defense Minister General Lon Nol ) .
per:spouse(e2,e1)	Edith of Wessex	Edward the Confessor	Edith of Wessex the wife of Edward the Confessor who had been educated at Wilton rebuilt the abbey in stone ; it had formerly been of wood .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	United Kingdom	Gordon Brown	I took a very close interest in the question of the lawfulness of any military action in which the United Kingdom might be involved said Straw who is currently justice minister in Prime Minister Gordon Brown 's government .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	USA	Jack Nicholson	The Dirt Eaters is the version that appeared on the USA release of Mouth by Mouth without the Jack Nicholson sample .
org:founded(e2,e1)	1 January 2005	University of Johannesburg	On 1 January 2005 it merged with Rand Afrikaans University and some campuses of Vista University to form the University of Johannesburg and is now one of many campuses of the new university .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Peter F. Drucker and Masatoshi Ito Graduate School of Management	Claremont	Hideki Yamawaki a professor at the Peter F. Drucker and Masatoshi Ito Graduate School of Management in Claremont Calif. says the book has resonated because it reminds people of the strengths that Japan can use to revive the country .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Littleton Waller Tazewell	Virginia	Most Van Buren electors voted for Richard Mentor Johnson of Kentucky for the vice presidency ; others voted for Littleton Waller Tazewell of Virginia and James K. Polk of Tennessee in the election of 1840 .
per:spouse(e1,e2)	She	actor	She married actor Jack Pickford the younger brother of silent film star Mary Pickford in 1916 .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Vodafone	India	In 2007 following the likes of Vodafone Arun Sarin and Orange Sanjiv Ahuja India boasted another helmsman in the International Telecoms Space when Sandip Das was appointed the Chief Executive Officer of Maxis Communications Berhad the largest telecommunications operator in Malaysia .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Mexico	Telmex	The company's investments include a 71 % stake in de Mexico ( Telmex ) Mexico's # 1 telecom service provider in partnership with Texas-based Inc .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Sun Ra	Arkestra	They booked Sun Ra on 15 June who turned up with a 15 piece Arkestra featuring Pharoah Sanders ( replacing an errant Gilmore ) and Black Harold .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	British Pacific Fleet	British Commonwealth	Following her refit which concluded in October 1945 Arunta was sent to Japan to serve with the British Pacific Fleet ( BPF ) as part of the British Commonwealth Occupation Force .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	United States	Franklin D. Roosevelt	At the suggestion of Assistant Secretary of the Navy ( and future President of the United States ) Franklin D. Roosevelt ( 1882 1945 ) R. E. Tod of New York City seeking a way to contribute to the U.S. war effort during World War I contracted with the Herreshoff Manufacturing Company at Bristol Rhode Island for one of a small group of 60-ton steel-hulled steam-powered boats built to a naval patrol boat design for private owners with the intention that they would be made available to the U.S. Navy in time of war .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Luther Seminary	Minnesota	He was a Rockefeller Fellow at Union Theological Seminary from 1968 to 1969 where he received a Master of Divinity degree in 1972 and attended Luther Seminary St. Paul Minnesota from 1973 to 1974 .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Tallinn University	Estonia	Tallinn University ( TU ) ( ) is the third-largest institution of higher education in Estonia .
no_relation	Quebec	Gilles Duceppe	Charest and the Progressive Conservatives benefited from supporting distinct society in Quebec and resulted in the party rapidly rising in popularity amongst both francophones and non-francophones in Quebec with polls indicating that Quebec voters preferred Charest over Gilles Duceppe the leader of the Bloc .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Bute Medical school	Fife	The University of St Andrews School of Medicine ( formerly the Bute Medical school ) is the school of medicine at the University of St Andrews in St Andrews Fife Scotland .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Pakistan	Shaheen Air International	All of Pakistan 's airlines use Karachi as their primary transport hub including PIA Pakistan International Airlineshttp : / / www.piac.aero Airblue and Shaheen Air International .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Robert Fico	Slovakia	In November 2008 Prime Minister Robert Fico has again promised this time at a cabinet meeting in ( ) southern Slovakia that an ongoing problem with textbooks for ethnic Hungarian schools in Slovakia will be resolved .
org:founded_by(e2,e1)	Phyllis Schlafly	Eagle Forum	Randy Minton chairman of the Arkansas chapter of Phyllis Schlafly 's national Eagle Forum said We called him a pro-life pro-gun liberal when I was in the state legislature and he was governor .
per:title(e1,e2)	Her	model	Her modeling career did not last long ; SOS eventually deemed her too short for a model and transferred her to Sun Music a musicians ' agency .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	IRA	IRA Army Council	In 1954 he was appointed to the Military Council of the IRA a subcommittee set up by the IRA Army Council in 1950 to plan a military campaign against Royal Ulster Constabulary barracks in Northern Ireland .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Malta	Magic	TVM is Malta 's most watched television channel while Magic 91.7 enjoys huge popularity among local and tourist listeners .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Franklin D. Roosevelt	United States	On June 15 1936 Clancy was nominated by President Franklin D. Roosevelt to a new seat on the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York created by 49 Stat .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	his	Guyana	After his election as President Jagan demonstrated a commitment to democracy followed a pro-Western foreign policy adopted free market policies and pursued sustainable development for Guyana 's environment .
org:top_members/employees(e1,e2)	Finland national football team	Stuart Baxter	On 18 January 2010 Vuorinen made his first appearance to Finland national football team at Spain in friendly match against South Korea after Stuart Baxter decide to call him .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	William Jones	Navy	It was discovered in January 1841 by Sir James Clark Ross who named it for Captain William Jones Royal Navy .
org:members(e2,e1)	Spiders	Atlantic 10 Conference	After going 3 8 in 2004 the Spiders went 9 4 to win the Atlantic 10 Conference and made the playoffs the following year .
org:founded(e1,e2)	European Space Agency	1975	In addition it was one of the 10 founders of the European Space Agency in 1975 and is the seventh largest contributor to the ESA budget .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Pervez Musharraf	Pakistan	In 2007 President Pervez Musharraf conferred civil awards on 154 citizens of Pakistan for excellence in various fields of activities .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	California Pacific University	California	California Pacific University is a state-approved distance learning school located in Escondido California near San Diego .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	State	Lawrence Eagleburger	Previous conferences have included such speakers as journalists Dahlia Lithwick Susan Page and Rich Lowry strategists Ed Rollins and Kiki McLean and public officials Rep. Tom Davis Rep. Artur Davis U.S. Secretary of State Lawrence Eagleburger and Sen. Mark Warner .
org:founded_by(e1,e2)	Connecticut Transit	Hartford	Connecticut Transit Hartford ( CT Transit Hartford Division ) is the largest division of Connecticut Transit providing service on 43 local routes 5 flyer limited stop routes and 12 express routes throughout 27 towns in Hartford County including Bloomfield East Hartford Farmington Glastonbury Manchester Newington New Britain South Windsor West Hartford Wethersfield and Windsor in addition to Hartford .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	Klaus Voormann	London	When visiting him in Malibu in April 1971 Harrison's friend Chris O'Dell had found him lonely and keen to escape the hangers-on associated with the LA rock world just as Klaus Voormann has noted that installing a state-of-the-art studio at his Friar Park home would allow Harrison to do the same from the London music scene .
no_relation	Japan	Fukuda	Japan Times Fukuda 's new lineup 3 August 2008 .
org:founded(e2,e1)	2004	Medical University of Graz	The Faculty of Medicine has been separated from the university by state legislation in 2004 and has since become an independent university in the form of the Medical University of Graz .
no_relation	Disney	Burbank	One council member told Disney : We do n't want the carny atmosphere in Burbank .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Sweden	Ingmar Bergman	Apart from his work in his native Sweden which has included a starring role in the TV series Labyrint he has been in several productions directed by Ingmar Bergman at the Brooklyn Academy of Music .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Hebrew Academy of the Five Towns and Rockaway	South Shore	The Hebrew Academy of the Five Towns and Rockaway or HAFTR is a Modern Orthodox Jewish day school on the South Shore of Long Island in New York serving male and female students in preschool through twelfth grade .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Life of Agony	Keith Caputo	Just prior to their official reuniting New York band Life of Agony accepted an interview by Juliya with lead vocalist Keith Caputo being interviewed separately from the rest of the group .
org:founded(e1,e2)	American Locomotive Company	1901	All were built at the Schenectady Locomotive Works which became the American Locomotive Company ( ALCO ) in 1901 .
org:founded(e2,e1)	2007	China Mobile	In April 2007 China Mobile Guangdong completed reconstructing the existing IN and deployed the first commercial OCS in the world which meets 3GPP specifications and paved the way towards large-scale evolution for existing INs ( this is not an authentic information some other vendors like Ericsson implemented OCS long before 2007 ) .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	New Brunswick	Richard Hatfield	The Progressive Conservative Party of New Brunswick held a leadership election in 1989 to replace its former leader Richard Hatfield who had led the party to lose all of its seats in the 1987 election after 17 years in power .
org:top_members/employees(e2,e1)	Yu Minhong	New Oriental	The reply of Yu Minhong president of China's largest private education organ New Oriental was that first of all we should make a judgement on whether the mammals were able to speak English then we would make a decision accordingly .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Kuomintang	Ma Ying-jeou	The opposition Kuomintang 's ( KMT's ) presidential candidate Ma Ying-jeou holds a commanding lead over rival Frank Hsieh of the ruling Democratic Progressive Party with more than half of the votes counted according to local television network counts .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Japan	Shinz Ab	After Merkel in seniority is the Prime Minister of Canada Stephen Harper who has served as Prime Minister since 6 February 2006 and the President of the United States Barack Obama who assumed office on 20 January 2009 the Prime Minister of the United Kingdom David Cameron who assumed office on 11 May 2010 the President of France Hollande who took office 15 May 2012 the Prime Minister of Japan Shinz Ab e who took office on 26 December 2012 and the last is Prime Minister of Italy Enrico Letta who took office on 28 April 2013 .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	Ambrose	New York	The race began at about 5:30 a.m. ( 0930 GMT ) Wednesday at Ambrose Light in New York Bay .
no_relation	Chester City F.C.	Oldham	The front line has been involved in full scale riots with many of the top firms in the UK perhaps most notably in recent years with arch rivals Chester City F.C. Everton Port Vale Shrewsbury and Oldham .
org:members(e1,e2)	National Championship Game	Ohio State Buckeyes	The 2006 NCAA Division I FBS football season or the college football season began on August 31 2006 and aside from all-star exhibition games that followed concluded with the Bowl Championship Series ( BCS ) National Championship Game on January 8 2007 in Glendale Arizona where the No. 2 Florida Gators defeated the No. 1 Ohio State Buckeyes 41 14 to win the 2007 BCS National Championship .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Albuquerque Journal	New Mexico	Albuquerque Journal Albuquerque New Mexico on changes needed for Los Alamos National Laboratory : .
org:top_members/employees(e2,e1)	Paul Fishbein	AVN	Along with other male adult actors such as Peter North Moore is known for his natural ability to ejaculate copious amounts of semen which is one reason why he has been dubbed ( by Paul Fishbein at the time President of AVN Magazine ) as the King of Cream .
org:founded(e1,e2)	party	1935	The party won a majority government in 1935 barely months after its formation and remained in power until 1971 .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Iceland	Geir Haarde	The lawmakers ' decision on Saturday will determine whether Iceland 's parliament will vote on the issue and possibly bring charges of negligence against former Prime Minister Geir Haarde and two other ex-Cabinet ministers .
org:members(e2,e1)	University of Arkansas at Pine Bluff	NCAA	The 2011 Arkansas Pine Bluff Golden Lions football team represented the University of Arkansas at Pine Bluff in the 2011 NCAA Division I FCS football season .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Jim James	My Morning Jacket	In 2010 Moore joined with fellow Kentucky musician Ben Sollee to record an album entitled Dear Companion which was produced by and also features Jim James of My Morning Jacket and Monsters of Folk .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	McGraw-Hill	Construction Publishing	The Music Center was awarded the 2009 American Institute of Architects Seattle Chapter Commendation Award 2009 McGraw-Hill Construction Publishing 's Best Higher Education/Research Facility in Southern California and the 2010 San Diego Architecture Foundation Orchids Onions ' Grand Orchid designation .
org:top_members/employees(e2,e1)	Michael Szymanczyk	Altria Group	Upon completion of the plan Michael Szymanczyk will be appointed chairman and chief of Altria Group and Camilleri will assume that role at Philip Morris International .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	MNSD	Tandja Mamadou	At an MNSD congress held in November 1991 Amadou was elected as its Secretary-General while Tandja Mamadou was elected as the President of the MNSD .
per:title(e1,e2)	Hamidullah	Chairman	US-educated economist Hamidullah Farooqi a former Karzai minister and Chairman of the Afghanistan International Chamber of Commerce said Afghanistan received a massive wake-up call from the crisis further stating : It's not just a lack of capacity in our institutions there is a lack of laws and a lack of accountability which is much more serious .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Manmohan Singh	India	President Bush spoke this morning by telephone with Indian Prime Minister Manmohan Singh to express condolences to the victims of the terror attacks in Mumbai India and solidarity with the people of India White House Press Secretary Dana Perino said in a statement .
per:spouse(e1,e2)	Catherine of Braganza	Charles	But that on its own is not enough to explain the resurgence in consumption of the drink made fashionable here in the 17th - century by Catherine of Braganza the wife of Charles II and which exploded in popularity with the Industrial Revolution .
per:title(e2,e1)	guitarist	Mile Lojpur	One of the first Serbian rock and roll musicians who rose to fame was guitarist Mile Lojpur from Belgrade often considered the first Serbian or even Yugoslav rock and roll musician .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Frank Lautenberg	New Jersey	Nor he said has a decision been made on a request by Sen. Frank Lautenberg a New Jersey Democrat who has asked that Gadhafi's movement be limited to the immediate area around U.N. headquarters .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	BBC Arabic Television	BBC	On 21 April 1996 after 2 years on air Orbit Communications Corporation owned by Khalid bin Abdullah pulled the plug on BBC Arabic Television after the BBC broadcast an episode of Panorama that was critical of the Saudi Arabian government .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Energy	Samuel Bodman	The global financial crisis could have a significant impact on energy demand if it remains unresolved US Secretary of Energy Samuel Bodman said Wednesday .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Mozambique	Joaquim Chissano	On 11 August 2001 Siba-Siba was murdered at Austral's Maputo headquarters ; his killers have never been positively identified but press reports in Mozambique have identified a former member of Joaquim Chissano 's Presidential Guard as the murderer .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	Jeep	Chrysler	Separating Jeep from the rest of Chrysler may be easier said than done .
org:top_members/employees(e2,e1)	Modesto A. Maidique	FIU	Cuban born Modesto A. Maidique assumed the presidency at FIU in 1986 becoming the fourth in the university's history .
per:origin(e1,e2)	Flula Borg	German	Flula Borg is a German techno DJ record producer singer songwriter and hype man who uses the stage name DJ Flula or simply Flula ( stylized as f | u | a ) .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	Agnes Carlsson	stockholm	The second season of Swedish Idol premiered in August 2005 and continued until its grand finale on 2 December when 17-year-old Agnes Carlsson from stockholm was crowned winner .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Pakistan	Pervez Musharraf	NAB was established by Pakistan 's former President Pervez Musharraf for discouraging corruption and making officials as well as politicians accountable .
no_relation	UTair Express	December 2006	Parent company UTair Aviation reorganised Komiinteravia into a new airline UTair Express which received a certificate in commercial air transport operations on Antonov An-24 aircraft in December 2006 .
per:country_of_birth(e2,e1)	Jamaica	Junior Byles	Kerrie Byles ( born July 17 1948 in Kingston Jamaica ) also known as Junior Byles Chubby or King Chubby is a Jamaican reggae singer.Thomspon Dave ( 2002 ) Reggae Caribbean Music Backbeat Books ISBN 0-87930-655-6 Kerrie Byles Jr. was born at Jubilee Hospital in Kingston and grew up in the city's Jonestown ghetto where his father worked as a mechanic and his mother was a schoolteacher .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	Heythrop College	University of London	He was educated at Beaumont Jesuit College Berkshire England and at the age of 18 attended Heythrop College University of London with the intention of becoming a Jesuit novice .
per:country_of_birth(e1,e2)	Jewel	United States	Born in Chicago as Jewel Carter Stradford she was the daughter of noted Supreme Court of the United States attorney and co-founder of the National Bar Association C. Francis Stradford and Aida Arabella Stradford .
per:origin(e2,e1)	Finland	Martti Ahtisaari	Finland 's ex-president Martti Ahtisaari received the Nobel Peace Prize on Friday for his efforts to build a lasting peace in places as diverse as East Timor and the Balkans in Europe .
org:city_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Hong Kong	Kowloon Motor Bus	Public bus service was not regulated until 1933 when the Hong Kong Government granted franchises to two bus services companies the China Motor Bus and the Kowloon Motor Bus .
per:title(e1,e2)	Park Eunsik	President	Park Eunsik ( September 30 1859 - November 1 1925 ) was a historian and the second President of the Provisional Government of the Republic of Korea in Shanghai during part of 1925 .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	EPA	Stephen L. Johnson	The rules proposed by California and 16 other states meant to ratchet down greenhouse gas emissions are precluded by federal power EPA Administrator Stephen L. Johnson said .
no_relation	2000	United States Navy SEALs	The creation of the Mark 14 Mod 0 Enhanced Battle Rifle ( EBR ) began in 2000 after a request by United States Navy SEALs for the creation of a more compact M14 battle rifle .
per:origin(e2,e1)	British	Winston Churchill	The submarine was among British vessels sent to the Baltic Sea during WWI on the order of Winston Churchill -- who at the time headed the British Navy -- to support Russia in its attempts to stop German shipments of iron ore from Sweden .
org:alternate_names(e1,e2)	Olympique Lyonnais	Lyon	Olympique Lyonnais ( ; commonly referred to as simply Lyon or OL ) ( ) is a French association football club based in Lyon .
org:top_members/employees(e2,e1)	Yusef Mishleb	Israel Defense Forces	Aluf ( Major General ) Yusef Mishleb ( sometimes spelled Yosef Mishlev ) ( ; born 1952 ) is a former Druze general in the Israel Defense Forces serving last in the position as the Coordinator of Government Activities in the Territories .
org:alternate_names(e2,e1)	Canadian National Railway	CNR Radio	The CRBC acquired radio stations from the Canadian National Railway radio network in Ottawa Vancouver and Moncton for $ as well as CNR Radio studios in various other cities and leased or established additional stations in Montreal Chicoutimi Quebec City Toronto and Windsor .
per:cities_of_residence(e2,e1)	Canvey Island	Dr Feelgood	On Sunday 10 March 2013 Koko will host the last ever live performance by Wilko Johnson best known as former guitarist with influential Canvey Island pub rock band Dr Feelgood and his band when he concludes his farewell tour scheduled after he was diagnosed with terminal pancreatic cancer .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e2,e1)	Oregon	Steve Prefontaine	Oregon 's most famous track icon is the late world-class distance runner Steve Prefontaine who was killed in a car crash in 1975 .
per:country_of_birth(e2,e1)	England	Starsailor	James Walsh ( born 9 June 1980 Chorley Lancashire England ) is an English singer songwriter guitarist pianist and frontman of the band Starsailor .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Ouellet	Quebec	He lost his seat to Ouellet in the 2006 election amid losses for the Liberal Party across Quebec .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Greece	Karolos Papoulias	Bulgarian President Georgi Parvanov will pay a state visit to Greece on Nov. 24-26 at the invitation of his Greek counterpart Karolos Papoulias Parvanov's press secretariat said Monday .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Mark Kimmitt	Political-Military Affairs	Last week Mark Kimmitt Assistant Secretary of State for Political-Military Affairs and Robert Danin Deputy Assistant Secretary of State for Near Eastern Affairs visited Israel as part of a U.S. team set up to assist with a solution for the smuggling issue .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Walter Ulbricht	Germany	No one has the intention of constructing a Twitterwall wrote Markus Trapp of Hamburg echoing the words of Walter Ulbricht the leader of East Germany 's Communist Party .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	US Microbics	Carlsbad	In September 1998 US Microbics leased a facility in Carlsbad California .
org:founded(e2,e1)	early May 2009	Visceral Games	As of early May 2009 the subsidiary studio EA Redwood Shores was known as Visceral Games .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	He	West	He played as a back pocket for the Fremantle Football Club after beginning his senior football career with South Fremantle Football Club in the West Australian Football League ( WAFL ) .
no_relation	Tomorrow	Nico	( 1 ) taken from the All Tomorrow 's Parties single ; ( 2 12 ) taken from The Velvet Underground Nico ( entire album ) ; ( 13 ) first appearance ; ( 14 15 ) taken from Chelsea Girl .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Lithuania	Valdas Adamkus	Earlier Monday he and Lithuania 's president Valdas Adamkus signed a declaration encouraging all sides involved to negotiate an end to frozen conflicts in the region .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Exchequer	Nigel Lawson	The lyric of the song were famously quoted by John Smith the then United Kingdom Shadow Chancellor in a House of Commons Debate on Government Economic Policy Smith was bringing to attention the divergence in the economic policies of and the tensions in the relationship between the Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher and her Chancellor of the Exchequer ( and Downing Street neighbour ) Nigel Lawson .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Lebanese Armed Forces	Lebanon	Born in 1902 to the Chehab family a Maronite Christian family of noble ancestry General Fouad Chehab became commander of the Lebanese Armed Forces in 1945 after Lebanon gained its independence upon the end of the French mandate and French military presence .
per:title(e1,e2)	Dean Rusk	State	Dean Rusk the US Secretary of State ( Janos ' US counterpart ) reported that Peter had attempted to defraud the United States by pretending to be in contact with the government of North Vietnam .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	China	CNOOC	To continue offshore exploration China established the China National Offshore Oil Corporation ( CNOOC ) to assist foreign oil companies in exploring developing extracting and marketing China's oil .
per:cities_of_residence(e2,e1)	Miami	Manny Diaz	Among the other speakers on Monday night's program which will emphasize the diversity of the country are House Speaker Nancy Pelosi of California the first woman to lead the House of Representatives ; Miami Mayor Manny Diaz who fled Cuba with his mother in 1961 ; and former President Jimmy Carter a Nobel Prize winner .
org:founded_by(e1,e2)	Pixar	John Lasseter	Several years ago Sanders worked on the then-titled American Dog but he says the film he envisioned was very different from what Pixar founder/Disney exec John Lasseter wanted .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	University of Graz	Styria	The University of Graz ( German Graz ) a university located in Graz Austria is the largest and oldest university in Styria as well as the second-largest and second-oldest university in Austria .
no_relation	Israel	Yitzhak Ben-Zvi	Bar-Giora was founded by Israel Shochat Alexander Zeid and Yitzhak Ben-Zvi among others .
per:cities_of_residence(e2,e1)	Vancouver	Harris	Then in 1940 they moved to Vancouver British Columbia where Harris entered his abstract phase .
per:country_of_birth(e1,e2)	Stephenson King	Saint Lucia	Stephenson King ( born 13 November 1958 in Castries Saint Lucia ) was the sixth Prime Minister of Saint Lucia .
org:top_members/employees(e1,e2)	Air France	Pierre-Henri Gourgeon	Christophe Guillot-Noel hit out after receiving a letter from Air France chief executive Pierre-Henri Gourgeon which he said ignored precise questions about the accident .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Bank of Israel	Israel	He had been involved in the past with the Bank of Israel having served as an American government adviser to Israel 's economic stabilization program in 1985 .
per:origin(e2,e1)	Italian	Clemente Mastella	The episode of the show aired on March 8 2007 which featured Italian Minister of Justice Clemente Mastella as special guest caused controversy for his strong position on the DiCo issue .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Flipmode	Spliff Star	The album went platinum and catapulted him and the label into stardom it also featured appearances from coming Flipmode members Spliff Star Lord Have Mercy and Rampage .
per:title(e1,e2)	Joseph Goebbels	Public Enlightenment and Propaganda	In accordance with Hitler's last will and testament Joseph Goebbels the Minister for Public Enlightenment and Propaganda became the new Head of Government and Chancellor of Germany ( Reichskanzler ) .
org:founded_by(e2,e1)	Sabanci	Holdings	The Sabanci Family is the majority shareholders of Sabanci Holdings with a 60.6 % share of the firm .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Vietnam	Ho Chi Minh	The Beijing Olympic flame arrived in Vietnam 's Ho Chi Minh City late Monday from North Korea an AFP photographer saw on one of the final legs of its troubled worldwide journey.The torch arrived at around 11:20 pm local time ( 1620 GMT ) -- after a trouble-free relay in Pyongyang -- in communist Vietnam's largest city formerly Saigon where security was tight ahead of Tuesday's relay .
org:city_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Waterford	Waterford Kettering High School	Gibson was born in Pontiac Michigan on May 28 1957 grew up in Waterford Michigan ( attending Waterford Kettering High School ) and attended Michigan State University where he was an All-American wide receiver in football .
org:alternate_names(e2,e1)	Tesco	Tesco Ireland	When Associated British Foods sold its Irish operation in the late 1990s to Tesco the stores were rebranded to Tesco ( in Northern Ireland ) and Tesco Ireland ( in the Republic ) .
org:top_members/employees(e1,e2)	Bulgari	Francesco Trapani	In 1984 Sotirio's grandsons Paolo and Nicola Bulgari were named Chairman and Vice-Chairman of the company and nephew Francesco Trapani was named CEO .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Ethelred	England	( or Ethelred ; died 30 June 888 ) was an Anglo-Saxon Archbishop of Canterbury in medieval England .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Ho Chi Minh	Vietnam	The Saigon Tax Trade Centre ( ) is a shopping centre in District 1 of Ho Chi Minh City Vietnam .
org:founded(e2,e1)	1935	Corban College	Founded in 1935 as Western Baptist Bible College in Arizona the school moved to Oregon near Salem in 1969 and changed its name to Corban College in 2005 and to the present moniker in 2010 .
org:members(e2,e1)	Stat Quo	Shady	Stat Quo became the second artist to be signed to Shady and Aftermath after 50 Cent .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Stat Quo	Aftermath	After 50 Cent Stat Quo was the second artist signed to both Shady Records and Aftermath Entertainment and became Dr. Dre and Eminem's newest for Aftermath Blog ( 26 October 2008 ) .
no_relation	Patrick Wilson	Patrick	Guest artists have included Terrence Mann Ashley Brown ( former apprentice ) Charlotte d'Amboise Ben Vereen Gregory Hines Savion Glover Julie Andrews Patrick Wilson ( former apprentice ) Phylicia Rashad Stanley Donen Frank Wildhorn Neil Patrick Harris Jonathan Groff and Tommy Tune .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Hinda Hicks	Island Records	In 1998 Golden Faragher introduced UK artist Hinda Hicks with the Top 25 hit If You Want Me propelling her debut album Hinda ( Island Records ) to # 20 on the UK Albums Chart winning two 1999 Brit Awards nominations .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Oregon House	she	While in the Oregon House she sponsored the Oregon Educational Act for the 21st Century a landmark school reform bill .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Office Depot	Florida	Was Office Depot merely using other states as leverage to get incentives from Florida ?
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Washington	United States	Washington was the first president of the United States and Bush is the first president of the 21st century .
org:city_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	New York	Columbia University School of General Studies	Following the wishes of his parents he attended Howard University but dropped out in 1939 to fulfill his acting career in New York ; he later attended Columbia University School of General Studies .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Thailand	Somchai Wongsawat	Thailand 's People Power Party ( PPP ) on Tuesday agreed during its party meeting that it will nominate the caretaker Prime Minister Somchai Wongsawat to contest the premier post on Wednesday's parliament voting session .
org:top_members/employees(e2,e1)	Shigeru Miyamoto	Nintendo	Producer Shigeru Miyamoto explained that it was because Nintendo could n't come out with any concrete ideas .
org:founded(e1,e2)	Barazoku	1971	Prior to the early 2000s the primary venue for publication of gay men's manga was gay men's general-interest magazines which have included manga since the inception of Barazoku in 1971 .
org:top_members/employees(e2,e1)	George W. Morgan	XIII Corps	McClernand commanded the Army and placed General George W. Morgan in command of the I Corps ( former XIII Corps ) .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Thornton Township High School	Harvey	The Capitols were a local group formed by schoolmates at Thornton Township High School in Harvey Illinois in 1958 including Norman Paul Cotton ( then known as Norm King Cotton ) and Keith Anderson .
per:spouse(e1,e2)	Bob Guiney	Rebecca Budig	The Bachelor Bob Guiney and Wife Rebecca Budig Split .
no_relation	Portland State University	American Muslim	Cols 2-4 : Salahudin Ali a Portland State University pre-law student and black American Muslim pursues a dream by traveling to Cairo to broaden his understanding about his faith .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Copenhagen Business School	Denmark	The Copenhagen Consensus Center is an independent think-tank based at the Copenhagen Business School in Denmark .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Gordon Brown	United Kingdom	Sarah Jane Brown ( Macaulay ; born 31 October 1963 ) is the wife of Gordon Brown former Prime Minister of the United Kingdom .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	JAKKS Pacific	Malibu	Just over the hill is JAKKS Pacific in Malibu .
org:founded_by(e1,e2)	Mutant Enemy Productions	Joss Whedon	Mutant Enemy Productions is the production company created in 1996 by Joss Whedon to produce Buffy the Vampire Slayer .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Wolfgang	Venezuela	Escuelas y Liceos : Famous Carupaneros include Wolfgang former president of Venezuela ; Jictzad Miss Venezuela 2005 ; Antonio de Sucre one of the paramount leaders of the South American war of independence was thought to lived there but hailed from Cumana ; Eloy Blanco one of the most important Venezuelan poets also came from Cumana ; Eladio president of Radio Caracas Television one of Venezuela's largest television networks ; and Washington Nationals major league baseball catcher Flores .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Khmer Rouge	Pol Pot	As leader of the Khmer Rouge which ruled Cambodia in a reign of terror from 1975-79 Pol Pot was responsible for the deaths of as many as 2 million of his 7.9 million countrymen .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Norfolk and Western Railway	Roanoke Virginia	At the junction the newly created Norfolk and Western Railway turned a tiny flag stop named Big Lick into the new railroad city of Roanoke Virginia a few miles northeast of Salem .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Sherrod Brown	Ohio	She is married to U. S. Senator Sherrod Brown of Ohio .
org:members(e2,e1)	Boca	Argentine Primera	In 1910 Boca plays the semifinals against Racing Club and lost by 2 1 also losing not only the match but the promotion to Argentine Primera .
no_relation	ABN AMRO	15	ABN AMRO Bank has offices in 15 countries with employees most of whom are based in the Netherlands with only in other countries .
org:members(e2,e1)	Buffalo Bulls	Division I	The 2013 Buffalo Bulls football team wiil represent the University at Buffalo The State University of New York in the 2013 NCAA Division I FBS football season .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Japan	Daiei	It has been released on DVD in the US by Tokyo Shock and in Japan on both VHS and DVD by Kadokawa Pictures ( as Daiei Motion Picture Company ) .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Metlink	Melbourne	Ticketing requirements for trains trams and buses in Melbourne are mainly contained in the Transport ( Ticketing ) Regulations 2006Transport ( Ticketing ) Regulations 2006 and the Victorian Fares and Ticketing Manual.Victorian Fares and Ticketing Manual - Metlink - Your guide to public transport in Melbourne and Victoria Rules about safe and fair conduct on trains trams and buses in Melbourne are generally contained in the Transport ( Compliance and Miscellaneous ) Act 1983Victorian Law Today Act and the Transport ( Conduct ) Regulations 2005 .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	O'Keefe	Australia	Australian rock historian Ian McFarlane succinctly described O'Keefe's qualities in his article on the singer in the Encyclopedia of Australian Rock Pop : In September 1956 O'Keefe and his friend Dave Owen ( an American-born tenor sax player ) formed Australia 's first rock 'n' roll band The Dee Jays .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Bard College	New York	The Levy Economics Institute of Bard College is located on the campus of Bard College in Annandale-on-Hudson New York .
per:origin(e2,e1)	American	Thomas Say	It was first described in 1830 by the American naturalist Thomas Say .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e2,e1)	New Mexico	Pete Domenici	So far there's no evidence that he did and in fact the most questionable conduct we know of originated in Congress with New Mexico Republicans Sen. Pete Domenici and Rep. Heather Wilson .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	James Nasmyth	Nasmyth Gaskell and Company	The Ministry of Supply took over an existing engineering works The Bridgewater Foundry founded by James Nasmyth and Holbrook Gaskell owned by the locomotive manufacturer Nasmyth Gaskell and Company .
no_relation	Fremantle	John Curtin College of the Arts	The school also shares areas of the suburbs of Bicton East Fremantle Fremantle and Palmyra with South Fremantle Senior High School and John Curtin College of the Arts ; the suburb of North Fremantle with South Fremantle Senior High School John Curtin College of the Arts and Shenton College ; areas of the suburbs of Murdoch and Winthrop with Applecross Senior High School ; and areas of the suburb of North Lake with Hamilton Senior High School .
org:alternate_names(e1,e2)	Austrian Airlines	AUA	German flag carrier Lufthansa formally closed its acquisition of Austrian Airlines ( AUA ) on Thursday in a move it hopes will enable it to overtake Air France-KLM as Europe's biggest airline .
per:cities_of_residence(e2,e1)	Taipei	his	On August 17 Supreme Court Prosecutor's Office announced Taiwanese investigators took away boxes of documents after search of Chen's home in Taipei City his office and in Tainan City at the home of his wife's brother Wu Ching-mao .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Stanford University	Wyden	said Alain Enthoven a senior fellow at Stanford University 's Center for Health Policy who backs Wyden 's plan .
org:alternate_names(e1,e2)	Air Force Reserve Command	AFRC	Under this Air Force Reserve Command - Air National Guard Guard associate organization the 507 ARW is the host wing with all 12 KC-135 aircraft owned by AFRC .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Mitch McConnell	Kentucky	During the 1984 Senate election Mullins was the campaign manager of Mitch McConnell in his successful bid to unseat incumbent Senator Walter Huddleston as U.S. Senator from Kentucky .
org:top_members/employees(e1,e2)	HSAS	Michael Shrieve	HSAS is a band featuring lead vocalist Sammy Hagar lead guitarist Neal Schon bassist Kenny Aaronson and drummer Michael Shrieve .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Ministry of Education	Republic of China	Project 211 ( ) is a project of National Key Universities and colleges initiated in 1995 by the Ministry of Education of the People's Republic of China with the intent of raising the research standards of high-level universities and cultivating strategies for socio-economic development .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	University of Prince Edward Island	Prince Edward Island	The Atlantic Veterinary College ( AVC ) is an accredited and globally recognized veterinary school at University of Prince Edward Island located in Charlottetown Prince Edward Island Canada .
per:cities_of_residence(e2,e1)	Indianapolis	Bernard Vonnegut	The firm went on to create many landmarks in Indianapolis and greater Indiana and a number have been listed on the National Register of Historic Places Bernard Vonnegut died young in 1908 and Arthur continued the firm under the same name .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	Smoky Hill High School	Centennial League	Athletically Smoky Hill High School is part of the 8-team Centennial League that also includes Cherry Creek Grandview Arapahoe Cherokee Trail Eaglecrest Mullen and Overland high schools .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	England	Loughborough University	While studying for his degree in Computer Science Business in England at Loughborough University D'Souza made his first-class debut for Loughborough MCCU against Northamptonshire in 2011 .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Hong Kong	Citybus	Cross-Harbour Bus Route 606 is a bus route in Hong Kong jointly operated by Kowloon Motor Bus ( KMB ) and Citybus .
no_relation	Hove	Brighton College	Born in Hove Sussex in 1929 Patricia Goldsmith attended Brighton and Hove High School before enrolling at Brighton College of Art in 1947 where she was awarded a National Diploma in Design and an Arts Teacher Diploma .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	Air Dominicana	Air Europa	Air Dominicana was owned by Air Europa with the Dominican Government as a minority partner .
org:top_members/employees(e2,e1)	Queen Elizabeth	Armed Forces	As Sovereign and head of state Queen Elizabeth II is Head of the Armed Forces and their Commander-in-Chief .
per:spouse(e2,e1)	Demi Moore	Bruce Willis	-- Ashton Kutcher telling Harper's Bazaar magazine about accepting wife Demi Moore 's ex Bruce Willis as a friend .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	Tom Bradley	Los Angeles	Named for Tom Bradley the Los Angeles mayor who narrowly lost the 1982 race for California governor despite a lead in the polls this is the tendency of black candidates to under-perform their poll numbers .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Gwatney	Arkansas	Bill and Hillary Clinton issued a statement calling Gwatney not only a strong chairman of Arkansas ' Democratic Party but . . also a cherished friend and confidante .
no_relation	Columbus	Central Ohio	Columbus used to be an airline hub for America West Airlines however AWA pulled their hub out of Port Columbus International Airport making Central Ohio one of the largest US metro areas without a major airline hub .
org:alternate_names(e2,e1)	Pvt.	Gardehusarregimentet	Pvt. Benjamin D.S. Rasmussen Not available Gardehusarregimentet ( Guard Hussar Regiment ) Denmark One of three Danish soldiers killed when their armored personnel car struck a roadside bomb north of Gereshk in Helmand province Afghanistan on December 19 2008 .
org:city_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Irondale	EWTN	She went on to find a new house for the order in 1962 in Irondale Alabama where the EWTN is headquartered and in 1996 she initiated the building of the Shrine of the Most Blessed Sacrament and Our Lady of the Angels monastery in Hanceville Alabama .
no_relation	2008	Virgin Comics	Stewart co-created the comic books Walk-In ( 2006 ) and Zombie Broadway ( 2008 ) both published by Virgin Comics .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Hinchley Wood School	Hinchley Wood	Hinchley Wood School is a secondary school with academy status located in Hinchley Wood Surrey England .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Heanor Gate Science College	Derbyshire	Heanor Gate Science College is a secondary academy school and specialist Science College located in Heanor in the Amber Valley district of Derbyshire England .
org:founded_by(e2,e1)	Paul Allen	Vulcan Inc.	While at Great City McGinn oversaw a budget of $ and worked alliances with companies like Triad Development Harbor Properties and Paul Allen 's Vulcan Inc. on environmental and urban development issues .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	St. Joseph High School	University Heights Suburban Centre	The St. Joseph High School is a high school in Saskatoon Canada a part of the University Heights Suburban Centre .
no_relation	Extrabreit	Hagen	Extrabreit played their 1000th concert on the 27th August 2005 to several thousand fans in Hengsteysee in Hagen .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Nano	Albania	protested in front of Nano 's office against the alleged import of waste from Italy to Albania .
per:spouse(e2,e1)	Keith Urban	Nicole Kidman	In a statement e-mailed to The Associated Press the publicist said : Nicole and Keith Urban are delighted to announce that Nicole Kidman gave birth to a baby girl on Monday morning July 7 2008 in the United States .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	RVC	University of London	The RVC was founded in 1791 and joined the University of London in 1949 .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Eluvium	Temporary Residence Limited	Eluvium is currently signed to the record label Temporary Residence Limited .
org:top_members/employees(e1,e2)	Reform Party/Canadian Alliance	Stockwell Day	During the Reform Party/Canadian Alliance leadership race Stockwell Day tried to lay such allegations to rest .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Interior	James Harlan	When the book was first published Whitman was fired from his job at the Department of the Interior after Secretary of the Interior James Harlan read it and said he found it offensive .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Karen Clark Sheard	Elektra	After Yolanda Adams Karen Clark Sheard became the 2nd gospel artist to sign to Elektra Records .
no_relation	Gail	India	BPCL Tech Mahindra ABB GlaxoSmithKline Consumer Spice Telecom Container Corporation Hero Honda and Gail India declined 1-3 % each .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e2,e1)	New Hampshire	Franklin Pierce	Relatives of Presidents Monroe and Tyler wrote to thank the president as did a legislative staff member for the state of New Hampshire which thought the wreath for the Granite State's president Franklin Pierce was a grand idea .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Transportation	Rodney E. Slater	Dedication ceremonies for the line at the station included a speech by then U.S. Vice President Al Gore and U.S. Transportation Secretary Rodney E. Slater .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Canada	Montreal Supra	Born in Plaisance Guyana Bunbury started playing professionally with the Hamilton Steelers in Canada also having one-year spells in the Canadian Soccer League with the Toronto Blizzard and Montreal Supra .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Franklin Pierce	New Hampshire	He 'd gotten a scholarship to Franklin Pierce University in New Hampshire .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	Foreign Affairs	Lawrence Cannon	Canadian Minister of Foreign Affairs Lawrence Cannon hosted the U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton and Mexico's Secretary of Foreign Affairs Patricia Espinosa for a half-day annual meeting at the picturesque Wakefield Mill Inn in the tiny resort village of Wakefield Quebec about 35 kilometers north of Ottawa .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Trinity-Pawling School	Pawling	McCaskill attended Trinity-Pawling School in Pawling New York .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	he	New York	At the time of his service in office he was the only Jewish Republican elected in New York City .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	England	Mendes	It becomes easy to understand how Field felt when once Little Children was done he took a print to England where Mendes and Winslet have a house to show his star the movie .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Cult	Bob Rock	The Cult eventually recruited session-drummer Mickey Curry to fill the drumming role and Aerosmith sound engineer Bob Rock to produce .
per:title(e2,e1)	President	Evo Morales	Venezuela's President Hugo Chavez and Bolivian President Evo Morales have built close ties with Iran and have fiercely opposed Israeli and U.S. foreign policy in the Middle East .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	TARC	Kuala Lumpur	This accreditation is extended to all Campbell University's programme sites including its Bachelor of Science Degree at TARC in Kuala Lumpur Malaysia .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Yitzhak Rabin	Israel	Five of them ( Moshe Dayan Yitzhak Rabin Ehud Barak Shaul Mofaz and Moshe Ya'alon ) are also former Chiefs of Staff of the Israel Defense Forces .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Lion Air	Jakarta	Lion Air is based in Jakarta Indonesia and now has ordered 122 Boeing 737-900 extended range planes .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Mahmoud Ahmadinejad	Iran	Famous members of the society include Mahmoud Ahmadinejad the sixth President of Iran Mohammad Reza Bahonar Secretary General of the society and the first Deputy Speaker of Parliament and Morteza Nabavi Deputy Secretary General of the society and a member of Expediency Discernment Council .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Denstone College	Staffordshire	Hignell was educated at Denstone College a boarding independent school for boys ( now co-educational ) in the village of Denstone in Staffordshire in Central England followed by Fitzwilliam College at the University of Cambridge .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Diosdado Macapagal	Philippines	1961 : Diosdado Macapagal is elected president of the Philippines .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	New Zealand	Ministry for the Environment	New Zealand 's Ministry for the Environment describes the RMA as New Zealand's principal legislation for environmental management .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Naomi	The Judds	Wynonna and Naomi were signed to RCA Records in 1983 as the duo The Judds .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	England	Chris Eubank	Ticket sales beat the previous British record crowd of that turned up in 1993 at Old Trafford in Manchester north-west England to see Nigel Benn versus Chris Eubank whom Calzaghe beat to claim the World Boxing Organisation ( WBO ) title a decade ago .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Hydra Head	Aaron Turner	Hydra Head Records is an independent record label which specializes in heavy metal music founded in New Mexico by Aaron Turner ( the frontman of Isis ) in 1993 .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Koizumi	Japan	Koizumi was elected as Japan 's 87th Prime Minister on 26 April 2001 .
org:city_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Plano	EDS	Palo Alto-based HP and Plano Texas-based EDS confirmed the talks Monday shortly after The Wall Street Journal reported a deal could be reached as early as Tuesday .
per:origin(e1,e2)	Paul Keating	Australian	1996 : The Labor Party led by Paul Keating suffers a massive defeat in Australian elections .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	New York	Ruth Hassell-Thompson	The award ceremony took place in New York with a number of U.S. dignitaries in attendance including New York State Senator Ruth Hassell-Thompson Richard Gottfried chairman of the Assembly Committee on Health and Wendell Hannaford incumbent director of the Council on State Governments ' Eastern Regional Conference .
no_relation	Dr. Dre	Ruthless	The album was overseen and co-produced by producer Dr. Dre who would soon leave the label and start up Death Row Records and featured members of the group N.W.A. Hutch claims that as Dr. Dre's understudy at Ruthless and to a degree the N.W.A.-producer's he created the blueprint to the G-funk sound for which Dre was subsequently credited .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Benjamin Netanyahu	Israel	Labels : celibacy Benjamin Netanyahu Israel PhoboQuotable polls religion Ya'akov Katz .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Gheorghe Gheorghiu-Dej	Romania	In this they were opposed by the prison faction whose members including its main figure Gheorghe Gheorghiu-Dej had been arrested and were serving time in Romania .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Lebanon	Middle East Airlines	The capital hosts the headquarters of Banque du Liban Lebanon 's central bank the Beirut Stock Exchange the head office of Lebanon's flag-carrier Middle East Airlines the United Nations Economic and Social Commission for Western Asia the Union of Arab Banks and the Union of Arab Stock Exchanges .
per:spouse(e2,e1)	Ronald Reagan	Jane Wyman	As well with its several chapels spread throughout the park-like setting it is also the marriage place for such personalities as U.S. President Ronald Reagan and his first wife actress Jane Wyman .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Lutheran Theological Southern Seminary	Columbia	Lutheran Theological Southern Seminary ( LTSS ) located in Columbia South Carolina is a theological seminary of the Evangelical Lutheran Church in America ( ELCA ) offering first and second professional theological degrees .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Iceland	Geir Haarde	Voting stations closed in Iceland 's general elections Saturday with Prime Minister Geir Haarde 's centre-right Independence Party tipped to win the most seats on the back of a strong economic record .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Arthur B. Hancock	Kentucky	Bred by Arthur B. Hancock at his Claiborne Farm near Paris Kentucky she was purchased at the 1944 July Selected Yearling sale for $ by cosmetics queen Elizabeth Arden who campaigned her under the name of her Maine Chance Farm .
per:country_of_birth(e1,e2)	Bob Marley	Jamaica	A massive collection of 1970s music including original recordings by reggae greats Bob Marley and Peter Tosh has disappeared from the archives of the former Jamaica Broadcasting Corp. authorities said Saturday .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	Bute Medical School	University of St Andrews	In 2010 the Bute Medical School of the University of St Andrews where Black had studied his initial degree in medicine announced that an honorary ' Sir James Black Chair of Medicine ' would be created .
org:alternate_names(e1,e2)	Air Force Cyber Command	AFCYBER	Air Force Cyber Command ( Provisional ) ( AFCYBER ( P ) ) was a proposed United States Air Force Major Command that existed only in provisional status .
per:country_of_birth(e2,e1)	Japan	Prince Chichibu	On the 13th of March 1935 Mr. Charles Sale of the Japan Society used the inauguration of a telephone service between Japan and the United Kingdom to send the Japan Society's greetings to the officers and council of the Japan British Society in Tokyo and to their patron Prince Chichibu .
org:members(e2,e1)	Virginia Commonwealth University	Division I	The VCU Rams men's soccer team is an intercollegiate varsity sports team of Virginia Commonwealth University an NCAA Division I member school located in the state's capital of Richmond .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	Scaife	Pittsburgh	Scaife has invested significant amounts of capital into upgraded facilities separate offices and newsroom on Pittsburgh 's North Side and a state of the art production facility in Marshall Township north of Pittsburgh in Allegheny County .
org:city_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Slovenia	Olimpija	However the Football association of Slovenia had exceptionally allowed the club to finish the season and after finishing 6th in the national championship Olimpija effectively ceased all operations .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Evo Morales	Bolivia	Bolivian President Evo Morales said on Friday that Bolivia and Iran will work together to build a nuclear power plant in Bolivia .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Adler Seeds	Indiana	After a fire at its seed facility Adler Seeds sold its facility and farm ground to Beck's Hybrids based in Atlanta Indiana in 2009 .
per:alternate_names(e1,e2)	He	Leo	He was better known as Leo the Khazar .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Zambia	Zambian Defence Force	The Zambian Air Force ( ZAF ) is the air force of Zambia and the air operations element of the Zambian Defence Force .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	Southeastern	Go-Ahead group	Barming Station has an 88-capacity car park and display operated for Southeastern by fellow Go-Ahead group company Meteor Parking .
org:members(e2,e1)	Prudential	London	Shares in Prudential fell 0.6 percent to 698.00 pence on the London Stock Exchange .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Stella Maris College	Montevideo	In 1955 Stella Maris College ( Montevideo ) in Uruguay was established which became one of the leading schools in the country but also became known for the accidental fame for the Andes Flight Disaster involving its alumni rugby team .
org:founded(e2,e1)	1915	Tennessee Technological University	In March 1915 Rye signed legislation chartering Tennessee Polytechnic Institute ( modern Tennessee Technological University ) in Cookeville .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Max Baucus	Montana	On the Senate side Harkin's push for big change was blocked not only by Sen. Saxby Chambliss of Georgia the ranking Republican on the committee but also by two powerful Democrats from major wheat-growing and cattle-ranching states Sen. Kent Conrad of North Dakota and Sen. Max Baucus of Montana .
org:city_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Hoboken	John Wiley Sons	Hoboken NJ US : John Wiley Sons Inc 1958 .
per:country_of_birth(e2,e1)	Mexico	David Alfaro Siqueiros	Havana September 14 ( acn ) As part of the celebrations of Mexican culture week in Cuba the Havana Museum of Fine Arts exhibits through September 26 works by Mexico 's three greatest muralists Diego Rivera Jose Clemente Orozco and David Alfaro Siqueiros .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Ruhr University Bochum	German	Ruhr University Bochum ( German Bochum RUB ) located on the southern hills of central Ruhr area Bochum was founded in 1962 as the first new public university in Germany since World War II .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	her	United States	It was this support that brought about her nomination as the first woman to be Treasurer of the United States from 1949-1953 .
no_relation	4	Bain Company	[ 4 ] In 1977 he was hired away by Bain Company a management consulting firm in Boston that had been formed a few years earlier by Bill Bain and other former BCG employees .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Grinnell College	Iowa	Erik Simpson a young English professor at Grinnell College praised Obama for taking responsible positions on trade and health care that might not be exactly what Iowa caucusgoers want to hear .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Poland	Solidarity	Anna Walentynowicz of Poland 's Solidarity Movement Dies .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Pakistan	Muhammad Mian Soomro	Inam-ul-Haq is a Pakistani career diplomat who served as the Foreign Minister of Pakistan in the caretaker government of Muhammad Mian Soomro for four months in the winter of 2007-2008 .
org:founded(e2,e1)	1960	Tower Records	It currently exists as an international franchise and an online music store.As Tower Fades at Home It Still Shines Abroad From 1960 until 2006 Tower also operated retail stores in the United States which closed when Tower Records filed for bankruptcy and liquidation .
org:alternate_names(e2,e1)	Hurricanes	University of Miami	The 2011 12 Miami Hurricanes men's basketball team represented the University of Miami during the 2011 12 NCAA Division I men's basketball season .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Ne Win	Korea	However during the late 1970s the relationship with Pyongyang became slightly stronger than that with Seoul as Ne Win and the Burma Socialist Programme Party forged fraternal ties with Kim Il-sung and the Workers ' Party of Korea .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Periyar University	Tamil Nadu	The Periyar University in Tamil Nadu has appointed him as the Honorary Visiting Faculty for his efforts taken in the field of training of youths .
org:founded_by(e2,e1)	Oxiana	Oz Minerals	Citadel recently announced the appointment of Owen Hegarty Australian mining identity who was the CEO of Oxiana until its recent merger with Zinifex to create Oz Minerals .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	ZCTU	Zimbabwe	International 4.1 ZCTU calls for job boycott 4.2 Zimbabwe teachers stage sit-in : Union .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Thailand	Suchinda Kraprayoon	It is unlikely Thailand will see a replay of 1992 when the king called in Gen. Suchinda Kraprayoon who had earlier staged a coup and Chamlong Srimuang leader of mass bloody protests against the strongman .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	He	Georgia	He was also a member of the recording groups The Georgia Browns ( Weaver Moss McMullen ) and The Georgia Cotton Pickers ( Bob Weaver Moss ) examples of the sort of bands that played house parties in those days .
org:members(e2,e1)	Grateful Dead	Warner Bros	It was the third release under the band's own label Grateful Dead Records after fulfilling their contract with Warner Bros .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Franklin Pierce	United States	California voted for the Democratic nominee New Hampshire Senator Franklin Pierce over the Whig nominee United States Army general Winfield Scott .
per:title(e1,e2)	Souad Massi	iter and g	Souad Massi ( ) born August 23 1972 is an Algerian singer songwr iter and g uitarist .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Cheadle High School	Staffordshire	David Edwards ( born 1947 in Barry South Wales ) is a former physics teacher at Cheadle High School and Denstone College in Staffordshire who became the first man to win the million pounds on the British Who Wants to Be a Millionaire ?
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Ahmed Ouyahia	Algeria	The prime minister ( Ahmed Ouyahia ) has invited rapporteurs of the United Nations to investigate and make an audit in Algeria regarding human rights said the president of the National Consultative Council for the Promotion and Protection of Human Rights ( CNCPPDH ) Farouk Ksentini in an article published by the government daily El Moudjahid .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	OL	Olympique Lyonnais	OL Group the company that runs Olympique Lyonnais Football Club on Tuesday announced heavy losses for the 2009-10 season due largely to high expenditure on new players .
org:members(e2,e1)	Malone University	NAIA	The Malone Pioneers program is a college football team that represents Malone University in the Mid-States Football Association a part of the NAIA .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Rogers	United States	Charles Chuck Rogers ( born December 30 1921 - disappeared June 1965 declared legally dead July 1975 ) was a United States geologist pilot and suspected murderer .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	Imperial Japanese Navy	Empire of Japan	The Imperial Japanese Navy ( IJN ) ( : Shinjitai : or Nippon Kaigun literally navy of the greater Japanese empire ) was the navy of the Empire of Japan from 1869 until 1947 when it was dissolved following Japan's constitutional renunciation of the use of force as a means of settling international disputes .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Kenyatta	Kenya	In a more detailed and recent history ( Paul Nugent Africa Since Independence Palgrave 2004 ) we see that in the mid-1960s Kenyatta and his party the Kenya African National Union ( KANU ) were faced with a left-wing revolt from a powerful backbench lobby ( p. 155 ) .
per:title(e2,e1)	guitarist	Izzy Stradlin	Drummer Steven Adler was fired in 1990 guitarist Izzy Stradlin left in late 1991 after recording Use Your Illusion I and II with the band .
org:city_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Perth	University of Western Australia	Supreme Court of Western Australia He was educated at Aquinas College Perth and the University of Western Australia .
org:alternate_names(e2,e1)	Birmingham	Birmingham Conservatoire	It was in 1905 ( the year he completed his first symphony Oliver Cromwell ) that he was approached by Sir Granville Bantock to become a member of staff at the Birmingham and Midland Institute of Music ( now the Birmingham Conservatoire ) .
no_relation	De Smet Jesuit High School	Jesuit	De Smet Jesuit High School is a Jesuit Catholic college preparatory high school located in Creve Coeur Missouri in the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Saint Louis .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Delhi	University	course was started under Delhi University .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	Hudson Valley Community College	State University of New York	Niii Troy ( talk ) 08:45 2 June 2013 ( UTC ) Troy is also home to Russell Sage College ( specializing in careers often pursued by women ) student Hudson Valley Community College ( part of the SUNY system = State University of New York 's 30 + two year technical colleges ) three private high schools : La Salle Institute ( catholic military-style ) and Emma Willard School ( USA's first girl's high school and a high-academic boarding and day school ) and Catholic Central High School ( a regional Catholic high school in Lansingburg section ) .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	We the Kings	S-Curve	Smile Kid is the second studio album by American pop punk band We the Kings released through S-Curve Records on December 8 2009 .
no_relation	Wisconsin	Cedarburg High School	February 12 : Cedarburg Rotary Club proudly presents the University of Wisconsin Varsity Band at the Cedarburg High School Field House 7pm $ 15.00 .
org:founded_by(e2,e1)	Talabani	Patriotic Union of Kurdistan	His name was General Minojahar Frouzanda the head of intelligence of the Pasdaran ( the Iranian Revolutionary Guard ) said Pire who previously lived in Arbil when he headed Talabani 's Patriotic Union of Kurdistan party .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Chicago	Peter Cetera	If You Leave Me Now is the title of a popular hit ballad by the American rock group Chicago from their album Chicago X. It was written and sung by bass guitar player Peter Cetera and released as a single in July 1976 .
org:founded_by(e1,e2)	Fly MI	Miguel Freitas	Fly MI ( MI stands for Madeira Islands ) is a new airline formed by a former TAP Portugal captain Miguel Freitas .
org:founded(e2,e1)	1827	Fourah Bay College	Established in 1827 as an Anglican missionary school ( by the Church Missionary Society ) Fourah Bay College soon became a magnet for Krio and other Africans seeking higher education under the British Empire especially in the fields of theology and education .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Nicolas Sarkozy	France	President Nicolas Sarkozy 's son Jean was Friday elected to the planning board for France 's top business district a day after he renounced his bid for the chairman position amid a bitter nepotism row .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	England	Sutton High School	Born Susan Elizabeth Sturt in Leatherhead Surrey England she was the daughter of a stockbroker and went to school at Sutton High School .
no_relation	He	California	He has n't fought in America since the Los Angeles Mosley incident after his license -- along with that of former trainer Javier Capetillo -- was revoked by the California State Athletic Commission .
org:founded(e1,e2)	Carnival Air Lines	1988	Carnival Air Lines was a charter and scheduled airline division of Carnival Cruise Lines started in 1988 after Carnival Cruise Lines purchased Pacific Interstate Airlines .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e2,e1)	California	Redford	Meanwhile at an unnamed university in California political science professor Stephen Malley ( Redford ) has called his most promising student Todd Hayes ( British actor Andrew Garfield ) to his office for a come-to-Jesus speech about his academic performance .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	Citgo	PDVSA	Beginning in 2005 Citgo Petroleum Company ( Citgo ) a wholly owned subsidiary of de Venezuela ( PDVSA ) the Venezuelan state-owned oil company has been the primary donor of heating oil to Citizens Energy .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Salmon P. Chase	Treasury	After Senator Salmon P. Chase resigned to become the Secretary of the Treasury Sherman was elected to fill his seat .
org:members(e2,e1)	he Communist Party of Bohemia and Morav	he European United Left Nordic Green Le	Daniel Stro? ( born 4 August 1943 in Plze ) is a Czech politician and former Member of the European Parliament for t he Communist Party of Bohemia and Morav ia ; part of t he European United Left Nordic Green Le ft party group in the European Parliament .
org:founded(e2,e1)	December 1953	Playboy	In December 1953 Marilyn Monroe was featured in the first issue of Playboy magazine .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Saint Kitts and Nevis	Denzil Douglas	The ruling Saint Kitts and Nevis Labour Party ( SKNLP ) led by Prime Minister Denzil Douglas won a fourth term in office .
org:city_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Rome	Italian Labour Union	On 5 March 1950 in the Casa dell Aviatore ( Aviator House ) in Rome 253 delegates participated to the founder meeting of the Italian Labour Union ( UIL ) a new trade union strongly social democratic and reformist .
no_relation	Singapore Exchange	17 December 2007	Settlement date ( SD ) = TD + 3 trading days ( example : If TD is Thursday 23 Feb 06 then the SD will be Tuesday 28 Feb 06 ) TD + 4 ( SD +1 ) : if trade has not been delivered 10 basis point fine on the total amount of the short sale TD + 5 ( SD +2 ) : if trade has not settled by 4 p.m. local time the market automatically ' buys-you-in ' The following apply to the Singapore Exchange ( SGX ) mainboard and Catalist ( SGX junior board Sesdaq transformed into a new outfit on 17 December 2007 and renamed Catalist ) .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Calvin Coolidge	United States	On January 3 1924 Moorman was nominated by President Calvin Coolidge to a seat on the United States District Court for the Western District of Kentucky vacated by Walter Evans .
org:members(e2,e1)	Tennessee	Tennessee State University	The 2011 Tennessee State Tigers football team represented Tennessee State University in the 2011 NCAA Division I FCS football season .
per:country_of_birth(e2,e1)	Spain	Romero	The name is from its dedication to the Virgin Mary as she was venerated in the town of Chipiona in the province of Spain where Romero was from .
per:title(e2,e1)	Chairman	Albert Ho	Chairman Albert Ho was heckled by calls of shameful and splashed with water as he left the legislature late Wednesday .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Turkish Air Force	Turkey	Air Base ( ) is a military airport of the Turkish Air Force located in Turkey .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	Samy Deluxe	Hamburg	German rapper Samy Deluxe from Hamburg is one of the most successful rappers in Germany .
per:cities_of_residence(e2,e1)	Nice	he	The 70 paintings drawings and sculptures depict odalisques or scenes through windows with a view on the sea many of them done in the southern French city of Nice where he moved in 1917 .
no_relation	Rhode Island	143d Airlift Wing	Quonset Point Air National Guard Station is the home base of the Rhode Island Air National Guard 143d Airlift Wing .143 d Airlift Wing website Quonset Point Air National Guard Station at Quonset State Airport is located 20 miles south of Providence Rhode Island and approximately 2.5 miles north of Wickford Rhode Island .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Samy Vellu	Malaysian Indian Congress	Among the losers was longtime Works Minister S. Samy Vellu who heads the Malaysian Indian Congress the third-largest party in the 14-party ruling National Front coalition .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Spencer Abraham	Michigan	She handled crime and immigration issues for Senator Spencer Abraham of Michigan and helped craft legislation designed to expedite the deportation of aliens convicted of felonies .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Ma Ying-jeou	Kuomintang	Hsieh won only 41 percent of the ballots cast against 58 percent for his rival Ma Ying-jeou of the Kuomintang ( KMT ) .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	England	Catherine of Valois	Charles ' title was challenged by the English and their Burgundian allies who supported the candidacy of Henry VI of England the infant son of Henry V and Catherine of Valois Charles ' own sister as king of France .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Bluey	Australia	Does Bluey live in Australia ?
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Belarusian State University	Belarus	Belarusian State University of Physical Culture is a university in Minsk Belarus .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	George Washington	Continental Army	Colonel Erwin is said to have supplied many of boats that were used by George Washington and the Continental Army to cross the Delaware on the night of December 25 1776 en route to the Battle of Trenton the following morning .
per:spouse(e1,e2)	He	Cassandra Harris	He also has three older children from his first wife Cassandra Harris who died of cancer in 1991 . ) .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Alexander	New Radicals	In 1998 Brisebois became a member of Alexander 's New Radicals group who scored their greatest successes with the hit single You Get What You Give and the million-selling album Maybe You 've Been Brainwashed Too .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	MITIE Group	UK	MITIE Group PLC is a British strategic outsourcing and energy services company with their head office in Bristol and more than 200 smaller offices throughout the UK and Ireland .
no_relation	Frecuencia Latina	Baruch Ivcher	Frecuencia Latina covered several stories of corruption in the Fujimori government when it was owned by Baruch Ivcher .
no_relation	12	Nahal	At least another 12 Palestinians were wounded in the clash near the Nahal Oz crossing with Israel they said .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Yukon College	Whitehorse	Saturday April 5 Biodiversity Forum Yukon College Whitehorse 9:00 am to 5:00 pm Community members and researchers share posters presentations and ideas on Yukon plant animal and special habitat monitoring .
per:country_of_birth(e1,e2)	Jussi	Finland	Jussi ( born June 26 1972 in Finland ) is the guitarist and one of the founding members of the Finnish metal quintet Lordi .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Oldfield School	Bath	Oldfield School was founded in 1892 to serve the City of Bath ; in 1959 the school moved from the city centre to the western outskirts of the city overlooking the River Avon valley and now attracts pupils from a much wider area including the eastern outskirts of Bristol .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Max Baucus	Montana	Sen. Max Baucus of Montana the chairman of the Senate Finance Committee who is leading an effort to draft a health care bill said Thursday that the public plan could take the form of an insurance cooperative that would be owned and operated for the benefit of its members but not run by the government .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Ho Chi Minh	Vietnam	It was Huang Chih-peng's first visit to Ho Chi Minh City in southern Vietnam since the former director-general of the Bureau of Foreign Trade took office Oct. 6 as the de facto ambassador to Vietnam .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	Irving Trust Company	Bank of New York	In 1989 he headed the transition team responsible for integrating the Irving Trust Company into The Bank of New York the largest merger in the United States banking industry at the time .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Harding Academy	Searcy	Harding Academy is a K-12 private school in Searcy Arkansas .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Geir Haarde	Iceland	Prime Minister Geir Haarde requested that Iceland 's NATO allies assume responsibility for protecting Iceland's airspace during the Riga Summit in November 2006 .
org:alternate_names(e2,e1)	Sun Media	Quebecor Media	The paper is the survivor of several other papers in Stratford : The paper was owned by the Dingman family until it was acquired by Sun Media ( Quebecor Media ) in 2000 .
org:members(e1,e2)	Paris	Institut Telecom	The institute is composed of : Together with Telecom ParisTech ( also known as ENST or Telecom Paris ) Telecom Bretagne Telecom Lille 1 Eurecom Telecom Management SudParis is a member of the Institut Telecom consortium .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	South Africa	Jan Smuts	After the war van Ryneveld was called back to South Africa by the Prime Minister Jan Smuts in order to set up the SAAF .
org:alternate_names(e1,e2)	Arkansas Razorbacks	Hogs	A rivalry perhaps to a lesser degree down in the southeast has the Arkansas Razorbacks playing the SEC beasts the Bayou Bengals one of the best teams in the nation will handle the Hogs hoss RB adding to their win aggregation .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Ingvar Carlsson	Sweden	Heads of government are to include German Chancellor Helumut Kohl Felipe Gonzales of Spain Paul Keating of Australia Jean-Luc Deheane of Belgium Jean Chretien of Canada Abdel Karim Kabariti of Jordan Wim Kok of The Netherlands Poul Nyrup Rassmussen of Denmark Abdel Latif Filali of Morocco Josef Olesky of Poland Tansu Ciller of Turkey and Ingvar Carlsson of Sweden .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Mitch McConnell	Kentucky	The Senate Republican leader Mitch McConnell of Kentucky denounced the bill at one point saying It punishes Main Street for the sins of Wall Street .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	He	Connecticut	He served in the Connecticut Senate from 1800 to 1805 .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Felipe Sosa	Paraguay	Felipe Sosa has been accomplishing an unending labor as a teacher of classical guitar players in Paraguay .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e2,e1)	Alabama	his	Upon moving to Alabama in an attempt to refocus both his creative energy and his troubled personal life Williams began playing music with Southern rock musicians among them Jake Lovendahl Waylon Jennings Toy Caldwell Charlie Daniels and others .
per:title(e1,e2)	Jameson	Prime Minister	Later Jameson became Prime Minister of the Cape Colony ( 1904 08 ) and one of the founders of the Union of South Africa .
per:title(e2,e1)	President	Ali Abdullah Saleh	A new Yemeni government headed by Prime Minister Ali Mohamed Mugur was sworn in before President Ali Abdullah Saleh in the capital city of Sanaa on Saturday .
per:cities_of_residence(e2,e1)	Kingston	he	After returning to Kingston Jamaica on the evening of 30 June 1999 he was rushed to Kingston's University Hospital suffering from cardiac arrest.Cooksey MusicianGuide .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	United Microelectronics Corporation	Taiwan	MediaTek was originally a research and development unit of United Microelectronics Corporation or UMC Taiwan 's oldest chipmaker tasked with designing chips for home entertainment products .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Daniel Akaka	Hawaii	Democratic senators who have already announced their retirements include Kent Conrad ( N.D. ) Joe Lieberman ( Conn. ) Jim Webb ( Va. ) Herb Kohl ( Wis. ) Jeff Bingaman ( N.M. ) Daniel Akaka ( Hawaii ) and Ben Nelson ( Neb. ) .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	he	Virginia	At this time he retired from public office but continued to represent the interests of Virginia in London .
per:cities_of_residence(e2,e1)	Manchester	Andy Rourke	The band was formed in 1982 in Manchester by vocalist Morrissey guitarist Johnny Marr bass player Andy Rourke and drummer Mike Joyce .
per:origin(e1,e2)	s DonGURALesk	a Poli	Piotr ( born March 8 1980 ) in Pozna Poland better known a s DonGURALesk o Gural DGE DJ Dziadzior Osieroconych P?yt Selektor or Giovanni Dziadzia is a Poli sh entertainer rapper and songwriter .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	CJTF-HOA	United States	Combined Joint Task Force Horn of Africa ( CJTF-HOA ) is a joint task force of United States Africa Command ( AFRICOM ) .
no_relation	Florida	Ryanair	The Irish airline wants to offer services from London's Stansted and Dublin airports to New York Florida Los Angeles San Francisco and Boston Ryanair chief executive Michael O'Leary was quoted as saying in an interview with Britain's News of the World tabloid .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Plantronics	Santa Cruz	Plantronics is a publicly traded company ( NYSE : PLT ) headquartered in Santa Cruz California .
no_relation	Vrije Universiteit	Amsterdam	Peter Koslowski ( 2 October 1952 15 May 2012 ) was a Professor of Philosophy especially Philosophy of Management and Organisation and History of Modern Philosophy at the Vrije Universiteit Amsterdam ( VU University Amsterdam ) .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	United States	Michael Rapaport	It was broadcast on September 1 2008 in the United States on the Fox Network.http : / / www.thefutoncritic.com/listings.aspx?id=20080818fox01 Homeland Security Agent Don Self ( Michael Rapaport ) and his group of Lincoln Burrows ( Dominic Purcell ) Michael Scofield ( Wentworth Miller ) Sara Tancredi ( Sarah Wayne Callies ) Fernando Sucre ( Amaury Nolasco ) Alexander Mahone ( William Fichtner ) and Brad Bellick ( Wade Williams ) arrive at an abandoned warehouse in the port in Los Angeles where they are to track down Scylla .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	The Gambit	Finland	The Gambit released his first Finnish album Kaupunkishamaani on January 11 2012 which debuted # 50 on the mainstream album chart of Finland on its first week being the second best-selling rap album of the week .
org:founded_by(e2,e1)	David Gordon	Programma International	David Gordon was an American computer game publisher who founded Programma International and Datamost .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Tony Yayo	G-Unit	A lawyer for rapper Tony Yayo of the hip-hop group G-Unit told a judge Thursday he has a witness who swears Yayo is innocent of slapping and punching a rival's 14-year-old son .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Finland	Juho Kusti Paasikivi	Finland 's foreign relations were guided by the doctrine formulated by Juho Kusti Paasikivi emphasizing the necessity to maintain a good and trusting relationship with the Soviet Union .
org:top_members/employees(e2,e1)	George Friedman	Stratfor	Everyone is looking at what his response will be on domestic policy but he's lost his ability to carry out anything domestically said George Friedman the chief executive of Stratfor a geopolitical risk analysis company .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Edguy	Tobias Sammet	Edguy does not claim to represent any ideology ; Tobias Sammet claimed band is not political and we are not religious ; at least there is no key message in our songs telling you what to think in terms of anything .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Amanda Lear	Ariola Records	No Regrets is a song by French singer Amanda Lear released in 1983 by Ariola Records .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Orange Glen High School	Escondido	McGill attended Orange Glen High School in Escondido Calif. where he was a four-year letterman in football basketball and track who was inducted into the San Diego High School Hall of Fame in 2002 .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	Bell Aliant	NorthernTel	Bell Aliant Inc. is a communications company providing services in various areas throughout eastern Canada as Bell Aliant throughout Atlantic Canada and under the NorthernTel and brands in rural areas of Ontario and Quebec .
org:members(e2,e1)	East Carolina University	NCAA	The East Carolina Pirates men's soccer team represented East Carolina University in all NCAA Division I men's college soccer competitions from 1965 until 2005 when the program disbanded due to lack of success .
per:alternate_names(e1,e2)	his	Kaos	Joseph Joey ( born January 20 1979 ) is an American professional wrestler better known by his ring name Kaos ( sometimes spelled as KAOS or kAos ) .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Japan	Princess	Japan 's Crown Princess Masako who suffers from a stress-induced illness joined an official welcome ceremony for the first time in five years Monday to greet Spanish King Juan Carlos and Queen Sofia .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Tom Harkin	Iowa	U.S. Senators Chuck Grassley and Tom Harkin Iowa Governor Tom Vilsack Sioux City Mayor Dave Ferris the Siouxland Chamber of Commerce and House Speaker of Sioux City Christopher Rants a longtime ACME Comics customer all wrote letters of support .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	David A. Martin	Guthrey Club	Meanwhile back in Dallas Summers and bass player David A. Martin were revamping the Tom Toms who were now the house band at the Guthrey Club .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	Electronic Data Systems	Texas	Sprawling suburban office complexes of large companies including the Frito-Lay division of Pepsico Inc. the Electronic Data Systems division of the General Motors Corporation and Texas Instruments Inc. also are nearby .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Nepal	Girija Prasad Koirala	Politicians diplomats and thousands of supporters lined up for hours at a public stadium Sunday in Nepal 's capital to pay respect to Girija Prasad Koirala the former prime minister remembered for leading efforts to bring democracy to the Himalayan nation .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Barnard College	New York	Joyce Lasky as she was then known graduated in 1952 from Barnard College in New York and married Anatole Shub who edited the New Leader a liberal anti- Communist magazine .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Bob Graham	Florida	In an effort led by United States Senator Bob Graham the Florida Constitution was amended in 2003 to create a new statewide governing body for the State University System of Florida .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Williams College	Williamstown	Hopkins Observatory is an astronomical observatory owned and operated by Williams College in Williamstown Massachusetts ( USA ) .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Maumoon Abdul Gayoom	Maldives	In January 2007 he met with President Maumoon Abdul Gayoom to discuss renewable energy in the Maldives .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Cranbourne Business and Enterprise College	Hampshire	Thomson was educated at the state comprehensive Cranbourne Secondary School which has since been renamed Cranbourne Business and Enterprise College in Basingstoke Hampshire followed by University College Oxford .
per:title(e2,e1)	Prime Minister	Brian Mulroney	Canada's leader has announced a review into dealings between former Prime Minister Brian Mulroney and a businessman who is wanted in Germany on tax and fraud charges .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	Bono	Dublin	U2 stars Bono and The Edge won a four-year legal battle Thursday to reshape their old-fashioned Dublin hotel the Clarence into a futuristic landmark -- a decision that appeared to fly in the face of Ireland's conservative planning laws .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Hans Zimmer	Remote Control Productions	He was a member of Hans Zimmer 's music studio Remote Control Productions and collaborated frequently with other composers from the studio including Harry Gregson-Williams and Zimmer himself .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	He	Interscope	He gained further exposure in 2001 with the release of Devil's Night D12's debut album on Interscope Records .
per:spouse(e1,e2)	Anne of Cleves	Henry	Dorothy first came to court in 1540 where she served as a Maid of Honour to Anne of Cleves fourth wife of Henry VIII .
per:cities_of_residence(e2,e1)	Chicago	Jane Byrne	In Chicago Michael Bilandic's botched handling of a 1979 blizzard gave political neophyte Jane Byrne ammunition for a surprise victory in the Democratic primary .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e2,e1)	California	Tiffany	Is California Teacher Stacie Halas Also Porn Star Tiffany Six ?
org:members(e2,e1)	Northwestern Wildcats	Division I	The 2012 Northwestern Wildcats football team represented Northwestern University during the 2012 NCAA Division I FBS football season .
no_relation	Only	40-year-olds	Only five of the squad is aged under 26 with Canada relying on 40-year-olds George Codrington and Anderson Cummins in the starting lineup .
org:founded_by(e1,e2)	Harvey Comics	Alfred Harvey	Harvey Comics ( also known as Harvey World Famous Comics Harvey Publications Harvey Comics Entertainment Harvey Hits Harvey Illustrated Humor and Harvey Picture Magazines ) was an American comic book publisher founded in New York City by Alfred Harvey in 1941 after buying out the small publisher Brookwood Publications .
no_relation	England	Midas	Book 1 : Proem - Carlyle expresses his ideas about the Condition of England question in an elevated rhetorical style invoking classical allusions ( such as Midas and the Sphinx ) and fictional caricatures ( such as Bobus and Sir Jabesh Windbag ) .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Netherlands	Eerste Divisie	Eddy Vorm ( born June 4 1989 in Nieuwegein Netherlands ) is a Dutch footballer who made his Eerste Divisie league debut for club RKC Waalwijk during the 2008-2009 season .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	CHS	Indiana	CHS has won the most Indiana state championships coming in at over 100 total with the hundredth being the 07-08 girls basketball state championship .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	PBS Kids Sprout	Apax Partners	On March 28 2012 it was announced that NBC with assistance from PBS Kids Sprout ( jointly owned by NBCUniversal PBS the Sesame Workshop and Apax Partners ) will launch a new Saturday morning pre-school block called NBC Kids which will replace the Qubo on NBC block .
no_relation	Natalie Wood	Wagner	In early 1982 Wagner began a relationship with actress Jill St. John who coincidentally was a childhood acquaintance of Natalie Wood and Wagner 's Hart to Hart co-star Stefanie Powers as well as starring alongside Natalie's sister Lana Wood in Diamonds Are Forever .
per:title(e1,e2)	Jeffree Star	model	Jeffree Star ( born Jeffrey Lynn Steininger ) is an American model fashion designer makeup artist DJ and singer-songwriter residing in Beverly Hills California .
org:alternate_names(e2,e1)	Sunderland Technical College	University of Sunderland	Lionel and John both entered the Church while Benchara was principal of Sunderland Technical College ( now the University of Sunderland ) and then Divisional Inspector for Mathematics at the London County Council .
per:origin(e1,e2)	Lemmy	French	His son born in 1957 and named for Constantine's famous role is Lemmy Constantine ( entry on French wikipedia ) also a singer and actor .
org:alternate_names(e2,e1)	Dudley	College	Dudley College is a college of further education and lies mainly to the north of the town centre .
org:founded(e1,e2)	Independent Ecological Movement	1994	He then founded the Independent Ecological Movement ( Mouvement Ecologiste - MEI ) in 1994 which hoped to replace the Greens as the major Green party .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	U.S.	Rutgers University	New Jersey lawmakers introduced an anti-bullying bill of rights Monday that one advocate said would be the toughest state law of its kind in the U.S. a proposal that follows the widely publicized suicide of a Rutgers University student who was humiliated online .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Tehran University of Medical Sciences	Tehran	Jafarian S Gorouhi F Salimi S Lotfi J. Department of Neurology Shariati Hospital Tehran University of Medical Sciences ( TUMS ) Tehran Iran .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	French Foreign Legion	France	Six units of the French Foreign Legion participated in the Battle of France : the 11th Foreign Infantry Regiment the 12th Foreign Infantry Regiment the Reconnaissance Group of the 97th Infantry Division the 21st Marching Regiment of Foreign Volunteers ( 21st RMVE ) the 22nd Marching Regiment of Foreign Volunteers and the 23rd Marching Regiment of Foreign Volunteers.Porch p. 458-464 The 11th REI defended the northern Inor Wood near Verdun from the German offensive early on in the battle until June 11 1940 when the regiment began a fighting retreat to the south .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Notre Dame High School	Sheffield	Notre Dame High School in Sheffield South Yorkshire England was established in the 1850s by the Sisters of Notre Dame a religious order .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Rafael Correa	Ecuador	On 22 August the Ecuadorian president Rafael Correa stated that Assange would be allowed to stay in the embassy indefinitely but that Ecuador would be open to negotiations with the British government if it withdrew its threats to storm the embassy .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	Lebanon	Lebanese Armed Forces	Rothman noted that France was expected to deliver the weapons before March 2011 but warned Lebanon is in a precarious situation whereby Hezbollah is in a powerful position to usurp the Lebanese Armed Forces ( LAF ) .
per:country_of_birth(e1,e2)	Nikki Webster	Australia	Follow Your Heart is the first album by Australian singer Nikki Webster released in Australia on 20 August 2001 ( see 2001 in music ) by Gotham Records .
per:origin(e1,e2)	Igor Yebra	Spanish	Igor Yebra ( born August 1 1974 Bilbao ) is a Spanish freelance ballet dancer .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Estonia	Estonian Air	Estonia and Scandinavian airline SAS on Friday reached an agreement giving the state a 90 percent stake in Estonian Air while SAS will hold 10 percent a government statement said .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e2,e1)	Montana	Conrad Burns	In Montana Sen. Jon Tester beat Conrad Burns by less than votes out of almost cast ; Sen. Jim Webb triumphed in Virginia by a mere votes ; and Sen. Claire McCaskill Mo. prevailed by out of more than 2 million total ballots .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Abraham	Michigan	Of Lebanese descent Abraham is married to Jane Abraham ( current co-chairwoman of the Michigan Republican Party ) and has three children : a son and twin girls Betsy and Julie .
org:founded(e2,e1)	2005	Thompson Rivers University	In 2005 Thompson Rivers University based in Kamloops BC began competition in the conference .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Its	Tonsley Park	Its Australian administrative headquarters are located at Tonsley Park ( Clovelly Park South Australia ) with branch offices in Brisbane Sydney Melbourne and Perth .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e2,e1)	Texas	Gary Hart	Kevin Von Erich without the benefit of television ( as the result of KTVT's cancellation of Saturday Night's Championship Sports ) the absence of his brother Kerry ( who was in the WWF as The Texas Tornado ) and longtime World Class guru Gary Hart ( who was starting his Texas Wrestling Federation promotion at the time ) began promoting Sportatorium wrestling himself bringing back the World Class Championship Wrestling name .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Ranbaxy Laboratories	India	Ranbaxy Laboratories India 's largest drug maker has claimed protection for 112 drugs during the period including few which are at various stages of clinical development .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Cambodia	Hun Sen	Relations between Cambodia and Thailand have been difficult since June 2008 amid an ongoing border conflict but have plunged further since Hun Sen made his first invitation to Thaksin earlier this week .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	ASIS	Department of Foreign Affairs and Trade	ASIS is part of the Department of Foreign Affairs and Trade portfolio and is housed within DFAT's headquarters in Canberra .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Japan	Fujitsu	In Japan 's second cell phone merger this month Fujitsu and Toshiba said on Thursday that they would combine their handset operations .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Nina Simone	Philips	I Put a Spell on You is a 1965 album by Jazz singer/pianist/songwriter Nina Simone ( 1933 2003 ) for Philips Records .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Rolling Stones	Ian Stewart	In 2011 musician Ben Waters released a version featuring five past and present members of the Rolling Stones as part of a tribute album for former Rolling Stones pianist Ian Stewart .
no_relation	assistant secretary	Association of Southeast Asian Nations	Hill assistant secretary of state for East Asian and Pacific Affairs also will attend a regional forum of the Association of Southeast Asian Nations ( ASEAN ) in the Philippines Casey said .
per:title(e1,e2)	He	composer	He has worked as a composer on Another Night ( 2003 ) As the World Turns and All My Children .
no_relation	1	Jamestown High School	1 No. 3 June 1920 Published by Jamestown High School Jamestown North Dakota .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	nationale de chimie de Paris	France	He graduated from the Sorbonne and nationale de chimie de Paris and carried out his PhD under J. Jacques at the de France .
org:members(e2,e1)	University of Central Florida	Division I	_ Is director of the Institute for Diversity and Ethics in Sport at the University of Central Florida which publishes the annual study Academic Progress/Graduation Success Rates of Division I NCAA Women's and Men's Basketball Tournament Teams .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	Quebecor	Sun Media	On January 5 1999 Quebecor acquired the Sun Media chain of newspapers .
per:country_of_birth(e1,e2)	Hanoch Piven	Uruguay	Hanoch Piven ( born August 21 1963 in Montevideo Uruguay ) is an Israeli mixed media artist best known for his celebrity caricatures .
org:members(e2,e1)	Duquesne Football	Division I	Previously Duquesne Football was a member of the NCAA Division I Metro Atlantic Athletic Conference winning or sharing 11 conference titles .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Toledo	Central Catholic High School	Harris started his career teaching social science at the Toledo Central Catholic High School .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	Wear Valleys NHS Trust	West Park Hospital	Like St Luke's Roseberry Park is currently run by the Tees Esk and Wear Valleys NHS Trust which also runs the modern West Park Hospital in Darlington and Lanchester Road Hospital in Durham .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	United States	his	In the 1970s Welles set up a home with Mori and Beatrice in the United States first in Sedona Arizona then in Las Vegas Nevada ostensibly because the climate would be good for his asthma .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Canadian Forces	Canada	While the National Defence Act continued to state that the Canadian Forces are the armed forces of Her Majesty raised by Canada the royal prefix was not bestowed upon the unified Canadian Armed Forces .
per:title(e1,e2)	Vlad	composer	Vlad is an eclectic composer whose works range from symphonies to operas to chamber music to The Japanese Seasons 24 Haiku .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Standard Life	Edinburgh	Standard Life based in Edinburgh demutualised and has remained independent .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Irkutsk State Linguistic University	[UNK]	Irkutsk State Linguistic University ( Russian : [UNK] ( ) ) is a university in Irkutsk Siberia in eastern Russia founded in 1948 .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Australia	La Trobe University	GETTING TO THE HEART OF STENTS December 09 ( PhysOrg.com ) -- Using the Canadian Light Source a team of researchers from Quebec Laval University and Australia La Trobe University has discovered how to improve the nanometers-thick layer of polymer used to coat cardiac stents .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Antonio Sanchez	Mexico	Jairo's father Antonio Sanchez Caceres is also a well-known bullfighter who came with him to Mexico from Spain and was reportedly at the ring on Sunday when his son was injured .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Vietnam	Ho Chi Minh	The London Stock Exchange said Friday that it had formalised ties with Vietnam 's Ho Chi Minh Stock Exchange that will help Vietnamese companies to further raise money on the LSE .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Israel	Israel Defense Forces	Israel 's special navy forces discovered weapons and ammunition on a cargo ship overnight Tuesday off Israeli coast an Israel Defense Forces ( IDF ) spokeswoman told Xinhua on Wednesday morning .
org:city_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Kiev	Kiev Arsenal factory	On January 29 1918 the Kiev Arsenal January Uprising a Bolshevik-organized armed revolt began at the Kiev Arsenal factory .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	La	Costa Rica	La is a Costa Rican newspaper published in San Costa Rica .
per:title(e2,e1)	Governor	Bob Graham	In 1985 he was appointed by then Governor Bob Graham to the Democratic Policy Commission's Roundtable on Defense and Foreign Policy as well as to the State Comprehensive Planning Committee .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Thailand	Surayud Chulanont	PM : Thailand ready to exchange information with neighbours on restive South BANGKOK Sept 15 ( TNA ) Thailand Prime Minister Gen. Surayud Chulanont said Saturday Thailand was prepared to exchange information with neighbouring countries with an aim to raise the standard of living of people in violence-plagued South .
org:members(e1,e2)	Iran	Saipa	Elsewhere Iran 's Saipa was held to a 2-2 draw at home by Uzbek club Bunyodkor and Osaka rallied with two goals in the last 20 minutes after conceding a goal in the 7th to beat Al Karama 2-1 in Syria .
no_relation	Texas	Chris Hawkes	He attended the University of North Texas in Denton Texas where he studied visual art and lives in Austin Texas USA As a musician Chris Hawkes was first recorded and released on a 1998 compilation Garage Nights at Laser Trax released on Cannon Riggle Records .
per:cities_of_residence(e2,e1)	Los Angeles	she	After the fall West was unable to speak and was taken to the Good Samaritan Hospital in Los Angeles where tests revealed that she had suffered a stroke .
no_relation	Rod Stewart	England	The music video to the Rod Stewart cover was produced by Animation City an animation company in London England directed by Derek Hayes .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Gold Label Records	Hong Kong	In July 2007 Leung was cast by Gold Label Records a subsidiary of EMI in Hong Kong to be the female lead in the music video Love Coming Home ( ) by Leo Ku .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Nanyang Polytechnic	Singapore	Students from Nanyang Polytechnic of Singapore will be the first to benefit from the latest initiatives which include a fully - funded three-year scholarship for a diploma in Digital and Precision Engineering and a part-time specialist course for working adults with up to Singapore dollars training allowance .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	He	United States	He was nominated by President Thomas Jefferson on April 19 1806 to a seat on the United States District Court for the District of Maryland vacated by James Winchester .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Punjab	Amarinder Singh	Did you know that Mann is the brother-in-law of the current Punjab Chief minister Capt. Amarinder Singh .
no_relation	Hollywood	John Gilbert	Queen Christina is a Pre-Code Hollywood biographical film produced in 1933 and directed by Rouben Mamoulian starring Swedish-born actress Greta Garbo and John Gilbert .
org:members(e1,e2)	Adolf Galland	Jagdverband 44	After his hospitalization Barkhorn was invited by Adolf Galland to join the elite Jagdverband 44 ( JV 44 ) flying the Messerschmitt Me 262 jet-fighter .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Vytautas Landsbergis	Lithuania	During a press conference before the couple's departure Akihito recalled that the first person from the Baltics he ever met was Vytautas Landsbergis then Lithuania 's speaker of parliament who visited Japan in 1991 .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Lee	Singapore	Lee 's goal was to keep the PAP as the sole the only main political party in Singapore such that when the people think about the government of Singapore if they think about the future of Singapore then they will think about the PAP .
per:cities_of_residence(e2,e1)	Llewellyn Park	Thomas Edison	Goldberg currently lives in the gated community of Llewellyn Park in West Orange New Jersey near Glenmont the home of inventor Thomas Edison .
no_relation	Bernd Eichinger	Constantin Film	The Oscar-winner Volker attempt to film the novel began in 1999 at first with the production companies UFA and Senator until the latter was declared bankrupt in 2004 when he moved to Bernd Eichinger and Constantin Film .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Ontario	Dalton McGuinty	Ontario Premier Dalton McGuinty said he has spoken to Ontario aboriginal leaders and said everyone agrees the day should go ahead without incident .
per:country_of_birth(e2,e1)	Ukraine	Durdynets	On 25 April 2011 the President of Ukraine Viktor Yanukovych awarded Durdynets the Distinguished Juror of Ukraine as an advisor of the Ministry of Internal Affairs a participant in the liquidation of consequences of Chernobyl disaster and a general of Internal Service of Ukraine .
no_relation	University of Chile	Camilo Ballesteros	She has acquired public attention as a leading spokesperson and leader of the 2011 student protests in Chile alongside other student leaders : Giorgio Jackson from the Student Federation of the Catholic University of Chile and Camilo Ballesteros from the Student Federation of the University of Santiago de Chile .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	American University of Afghanistan	Afghanistan	In 2006 the American University of Afghanistan was established in Kabul with the aim of providing a world-class English-language co-educational learning environment in Afghanistan .
org:alternate_names(e2,e1)	University of California	UCM	The University of California Merced ( also referred to as UC Merced or UCM ) is the tenth and newest of the University of California campuses .
no_relation	Muslimgauze	700	Sarin Israel Nes Ziona is a CD by Muslimgauze ( Bryn Jones ) pressed in a limited edition of 700 .
org:members(e2,e1)	China Power Investment Corporation	China	China Power Investment Corporation and China Datang Corporation signed with the Shanxi provincial government on several key projects during the expo .
per:title(e2,e1)	Prime Minister	Taro Aso	Prime Minister Taro Aso calls results of Japan's parliamentary election severe .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Colorado	Wayne Allard	That year Republicans won back the state Senate after a two-year blip in which Democrats controlled it and the GOP saw Bob Beauprez win in Colorado 's then-new 7th Congressional District Gov. Bill Owens cruised to victory and Sen. Wayne Allard who had been seen as vulnerable held on to his seat .
no_relation	Joanna Newsom	March 23 2004	On Joanna Newsom 's independent label debut album The Milk-Eyed Mender released on March 23 2004 on by Drag City the eighth song is titled Cassiopeia .
per:title(e1,e2)	She	painter	She describes herself as a painter derailed by circumstance .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Mali	Amadou Toumani	She is the first female Prime Minister of Mali and the second Prime Minister of President Amadou Toumani 's second and final term .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Downe House school	Berkshire	She attended Hayes Court school in Kent and Downe House school in Berkshire .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Tetsu	Japan	The market is waiting for the inventory data . . gasoline inventories in US have fallen every week for the last 12 weeks noted Mitsui Bussan Futures chief commodities strategist Tetsu Emori in Japan .
org:members(e2,e1)	ENC	Church of the Nazarene	He would later receive honorary doctor of divinity degrees from ENC and The College of Idaho.Twelfth Presidential Inauguration at Northwest Nazarene University Pearsall was ordained in 1946 by the Metro New York District Church of the Nazarene and pastored in New York before joining the administration of alma mater Eastern Nazarene.Pearsall Obituary He then left to pastor churches in Ohio and Washington before his election as District Superintendent of the Albany District Church of the Nazarene in 1962 .
per:cities_of_residence(e2,e1)	Jersey City	Cornelius Van Vorst	He was the great-grandson of former Jersey City mayor Cornelius Van Vorst .
org:alternate_names(e2,e1)	Atari Games	Midway Games	It was developed by Atari Games ( which later became Midway Games West ) and released as a coin-operated game in 1987 and in 1989 by Image Works for Amiga Amstrad CPC Atari ST C64/128 MSX MS-DOS PC and ZX Spectrum .
no_relation	Fischer	Austria	Fischer said that Austria recognizes the importance of UN peacekeeping .
no_relation	Akihito	Empress Michiko	Akihito appeared Tuesday with Empress Michiko 74 Naruhito 48 and his wife Crown Princess Masako and Akishino and his wife Kiko .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	d Bab	l Japa	With this the JWA wanted to rename him to Rikidzan but the plan never went through.http : / / www.puroresu.com/wrestlers/kim_il/ Inoki an d Bab a famously left the JWA in 1972 to found the Al l Japa n and New Japan promotions in 1972 letting Ohki become the JWA's top star winning the NWA International Heavyweight Championship .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Hot Chip	London	Working and touring together as members of the British electronic indie band Hot Chip Doyle and Martin began to record songs at their own studio Lanark Studios in London in 2007 .
no_relation	Pioneers	1976	Young Pioneers ' Christmas is a made for television Christmas movie released in 1976 loosely based on the novel Young Pioneers by Rose Wilder Lane .
no_relation	Berengaria of Navarre	English	Berengaria of Navarre ( ; c. 1165 1170 23 December 1230 ) was Queen of the English as the wife of King Richard I of England .
org:founded_by(e2,e1)	NPA	NPA-sponsored	Main activities of this Committee include maintaining the NPA website publication of The POSTDOCKet the quarterly publication of the NPA and creation and implementation of NPA-sponsored surveys The Diversity Officer provides leadership on diversity issues and brings together postdocs and their allies in order to develop new resources track information promote dialogue and effect change for underrepresented groups .
no_relation	It	Hong Kong	It was founded by the American Maryknoll Sisters in Hong Kong in 1925 at Kowloon Tong Hong Kong .
no_relation	FC Barcelona	Hristo Stoichkov	moved to Spain's FC Barcelona for the 1993 1994 season in which along with players like Hristo Stoichkov Mari Bakero Josep Guardiola Michael Laudrup and Ronald Koeman he helped the club win the League while becoming the season's top goalscorer with 30 goals in 33 matches .
no_relation	Loughborough University	2	The halls are as follows : File : Butler Court - Loughborough University 2 .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Chemikal Underground	Arab Strap	Instead of signing to a record label the band started their own Chemikal Underground on which they released their own records and also some from other local bands among them Mogwai and Arab Strap .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Arcelor	Luxembourg	In October last year they agreed to increase stakes in each other after Mittal Steel acquired rival Arcelor of Luxembourg .
org:members(e2,e1)	GLC	New York	In 2005 - 2007 the GLC took on a number of new projects : a series of procurement law initiatives to help improve New York State's procurement process and identify potential areas of reform in the 1995 Procurement Stewardship Act ; providing technical assistance related to consolidations mergers dissolutions cooperative agreements and shared services as part of the Shared Municipal Services Incentive ( SMSI ) Grant Program under a contract with the New York State Department of State ; establishing a Non-Profit Legal Assistance Program with the assistance of then-U.S. Congressman Michael R. McNulty ; and the establishment of the Public Authorities Project to provide research on legal aspects of public policy issues facing public authorities .
no_relation	Sabah	Joseph Pairin Kitingan	Ongkili is the nephew of current Deputy Chief Minister of Sabah Joseph Pairin Kitingan and Jeffrey Kitingan who is a former vice president of Parti Keadilan Rakyat .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	Royal Inniskilling Fusiliers	British Army	He was 26 years old and a captain in the 1st Battalion Royal Inniskilling Fusiliers British Army during the First World War when the following deed took place for which he was awarded the VC .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	Buddy Bolden	New Orleans	Careless Love was one of the best known pieces in the repertory of the Buddy Bolden band in New Orleans Louisiana at the very start of the 20th century and has remained a jazz standard and blues standard .
org:members(e1,e2)	China	China State Shipbuilding Corporation	The China Shipbuilding Industry Corporation ( CSIC ) is one of the two largest shipbuilding conglomerates in China the other being the China State Shipbuilding Corporation ( CSSC ) .
no_relation	Bank of Communications	Shanghai	CITIC Bank will be the sixth mainland lender to list in Hong Kong since Bank of Communications pioneered in 2005 while smaller banks such as Chongqing Commercial Bank are looking to the Shanghai bourse .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Carlos P. Garcia	Philippines	The Inauguration of Carlos P. Garcia as the seventh President of the Philippines took place on December 30 1953 at the Independence Grandstand in Manila .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Ecuador	himself	He returned to Ecuador in 1807 and committed himself to freeing his land first from Spanish rule and later from the Republic of Gran Colombia .
per:country_of_birth(e1,e2)	Taylor	Liberia	From 1989 to 1997 Taylor led the rebel National Patriotic Front of Liberia whose aim was to unseat then-President Samuel K. Doe .
org:members(e2,e1)	Virginia Commonwealth University	Division I	The 2010 11 VCU Rams men's basketball team represented Virginia Commonwealth University in the Colonial Athletic Association conference during the 2010 11 NCAA Division I men's basketball season .
no_relation	his	Consul	This reform was one in a slate of constitutional reforms enacted by Sulla as a consequence of the recent Civil War between his supporters and those of the politically-populist then-former Consul Gaius Marius .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Atlantic	Solomon Burke	In 1963 Berns would replace Jerry Leiber and Mike Stoller as the staff producer at Atlantic where he produced such acts as Solomon Burke ( Cry to Me and Everybody Needs Somebody to Love ) The Drifters ( Under the Boardwalk and Saturday Night at the Movies ) Barbara Lewis ( Baby I 'm Yours and Make Me Your Baby ) Little Esther Phillips ( Hello Walls ) Wilson Pickett and LaVern Baker .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Ronnie Drew	The Dubliners	Many famous Irish faces attended including singer Ronnie Drew from The Dubliners who died eight months later and former Taoiseach Albert Reynolds .
org:members(e2,e1)	University of Florida Alumni Association	University of Florida	Among those who have made large donations commemorated at the university are : The mission of the University of Florida Alumni Association is to foster and enhance the relationship between the University of Florida its alumni and friends and to support the University's mission of teaching research and service .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Arago	France	The first person to observe current eddies was Arago ( 1786 1853 ) the 25th Prime Minister of France who was also a mathematician physicist and astronomer .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Fogerty	Fantasy	In September 2005 Fogerty returned to Fantasy Records .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Mexico	Frida Kahlo	In 1939 she accompanied Paalen and her friend Eva Sulzer to British Columbia and afterwards to Mexico where they were received by Frida Kahlo and Diego Rivera .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Adlai Stevenson III	Illinois	Although Mixner appointment turned out to be a mistake as Senator Fred R. Harris of Oklahoma was supposed to invite Mixner to join the less powerful Rules Committee he nonetheless made his mark on the twenty-eight member body which included Warren Christopher who would later become Secretary of State Senator Birch Bayh of Indiana Senator Harold Hughes of Iowa Senator Adlai Stevenson III of Illinois and Senator George McGovern of South Dakota who served as the Committee Chairman .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	enical	ndhra Pradesh in I	Andhra Christian Theological College { Telugu : ( ) } is a special purpose entity - an ecum enical enterprise of some of the Church societies in A ndhra Pradesh in I ndia founded in 1964 and affiliated to the Senate of Serampore College Serampore West Bengal .
org:founded(e1,e2)	Red Bee Media	2005	The company was renamed Red Bee Media on 27 October 2005 .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Georges Clemenceau	France	At 13 he knocked on the door of Georges Clemenceau the former prime minister of France presented him with a notebook and asked for his autograph .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Robert Mugabe	ZANU-PF	His critics charge him with manipulating the elections to favor Robert Mugabe and ZANU-PF a charge he denies .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	Jacques Chirac	Paris	In December 2004 Bernadette Chirac wife of former President Jacques Chirac whose daughter also suffered from the disorder opened a treatment centre in Paris for adolescents and named it Maison de Solenn .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Fnac	France	In March 1996 was named chairman of Fnac and opened two stores in France .
org:top_members/employees(e2,e1)	Denis O'Brien	Digicel	A commercial agreement reached after a reported trans-Atlantic telephone conversation between Sir Allen Stanford and Denis O'Brien head of Digicel sponsors of the West Indies Cricket Board has paved the way for the match between the Stanford Superstars and England to go ahead as planned in Antigua on November 1 .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Marco Cappato	European Parliament	Marco Cappato a European Parliament deputy from Italy was also among those detained on Sunday .
per:title(e2,e1)	Health	Chua Soi Lek	Thirty people had tested positive for Chikungunya virus last month in Ipoh capital city of Perak state but there has been no fatalities Health Minister Chua Soi Lek said .
no_relation	Iran national football team	IRIFF	Denizli announced he was interested in becoming Iran national football team manager provided he can reach agreements with the IRIFF .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Afghanistan	Abdul Kabir	On Thursday Afghan spokesman Siamak Herawi said Pakistani authorities had told the Kabul government that the top Taliban commander for eastern Afghanistan Mullah Abdul Kabir was taken into custody in Pakistan about a week ago .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Diosdado Macapagal	Philippines	The Inauguration of Diosdado Macapagal as the ninth President of the Philippines occurred on December 30 1961 .
per:country_of_birth(e1,e2)	she	Pakistan	In 1995 she personally appointed General Naseem Rana as the Director-General of the ISI who later commanded the Pakistan Army's assets in which came to known as Pakistan's secret war in Afghanistan .
no_relation	Green	White	The school colors are Green Orange and White and the mascots are Rocky and Roxy both dolphins .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Synanon	California	Later on Synanon acquired a large industrial building which had been the home of the Oakland Athletic Club in Oakland California and then transformed it into a residential facility for Synanon's members .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Alberta	Rob Renner	Alberta 's environment minister Rob Renner said it was unlikely that any of them would survive .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	George Washington	Continental Army	On April 18 last year Przybylski organized a tea party at Washington Crossing the famous spot in Bucks County where George Washington led the Continental Army across the Delaware River toward the Battle of Trenton in 1776 .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Ludwig Scotty	Nauru	President Ludwig Scotty of the South Pacific nation of Nauru was ousted in a no-confidence vote on Wednesday after a group of lawmakers accused his government of taking no action on corruption allegations a spokesman for the opposition group said .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Edmonton Transit System	Edmonton	Part of the Edmonton Transit System ( ETS ) the 21-kilometre route starts at Clareview in Edmonton 's northeast and ends at Century Park in Edmonton's south end .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	R. B. Bennett	Canada	R. B. Bennett was born on July 3 1870 when his mother Henrietta Stiles was visiting at her parents ' home in Hopewell Hill New Brunswick Canada .
no_relation	36	GfK	In contrast YouGov's nine polls during the final three weeks of the campaign all showed Labour on 36 or 37 % although GfK NOP ( published in The Independent ) gave the most accurate forecast in their final poll before the election .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	NASDAQ OMX Group	NASDAQ	In April 2011 IntercontinentalExchange ( ICE ) an American futures exchange and NASDAQ OMX Group had together made an unsolicited proposal to buy NYSE Euronext for approximately a deal in which NASDAQ would have taken control of the stock exchanges .
org:members(e2,e1)	North Greenville University	South Carolina	North Greenville University is also a member of the South Carolina Association of Independent Colleges and Universities the South Carolina Higher Education Assessment Network the Southern Baptist Association of Colleges and Schools the National Council for Accreditation of Teacher Education The South Carolina Association of Colleges and Universities the National Association of Intercollegiate Athletics the National Collegiate Athletic Association the National Christian College Athletic Association the International Assembly for Collegiate Business Education and Tuition Exchange Inc .
org:members(e2,e1)	Camrose Kodiaks	Alberta Junior Hockey League	Stollery played minor junior hockey in his hometown for the Camrose Kodiaks of the Alberta Junior Hockey League .
org:city_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Hong Kong	MTR Corporation	In November 2007 Singapore's SMRT Transit and Hong Kong 's MTR Corporation Limited expressed interest in taking control of Melbourne's suburban rail network from Connex in November 2009 when their contract was to be reviewed .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Erskine Bowles	North Carolina	As layoffs of American workers occurred in various industries due to outsourcing some Democrats ( including Dean and senatorial candidate Erskine Bowles of North Carolina ) began to refine their positions on free trade and some even questioned their past support for it .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e2,e1)	South Carolina	Nikki Haley	( c ) 2010 The Washington Post = WASHINGTON _ A Washington Post preview of the Republican primary for governor in South Carolina incorrectly said that several men have alleged that one of the candidates state Rep. Nikki Haley committed adultery in affairs with them .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Inverclyde Academy	Scotland	Inverclyde Academy is a secondary school in Greenock Scotland that provides education to the majority of the Inverclyde area .
org:members(e2,e1)	Roger Holder	University of Birmingham	Crompton and colleagues Susannah Thorpe and Roger Holder of the University of Birmingham observed wild orangutans in Sumatra Indonesia for their study .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Dino Cazares	Fear Factory	Brujeria is a side-project of guitarist Dino Cazares ( founding member of Fear Factory ) and has featured artists such as Billy Gould Nicholas Barker Raymond Herrera Jeff Walker and Shane Embury .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Makerere University	Uganda	Currently he is Professor of Medicine and Principal Makerere University College of Health Sciences a semi-autonomous constituent college of Makerere University the oldest university in Uganda .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Qantas	Sydney	Joyce said Qantas would bring seven new aircraft online focusing on the high - traffic east coast routes the long-haul Sydney to Perth flight and legs in the booming resources-rich state of Western Australia .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Frank Bainimarama	Fiji	Fiji's interim Prime Minister Commodore Frank Bainimarama said on Monday that Fiji Times publisher Evan Hannah will not be the last of expatriates to be deported the PACNEWS reported .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Hayes	Ohio	It is located at the corner of Hayes and Buckland Avenues in Fremont Ohio .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	He	Egypt	He served as the Prime Minister of Egypt from October 2 1978 to May 15 1980 .
per:title(e2,e1)	Prime Minister	Atef Ebeid	The mandate to sign of the Memorandum of Understanding ( MoU ) to delegate to the Ministry of Petroleum represented by the Egyptian General Petroleum Company ( EGPC ) to contract with EMG Company was approved by the former Prime Minister Dr. Atef Ebeid in the Cabinet meeting No. 68 on 5 July 2004 when he served as the acting President of the Republic when President Hosni Mubarak was receiving medical treatment in Germany .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Dunmore High School	Pennsylvania	Graduated from Dunmore High School Dunmore Pennsylvania in 1982 ; received a bachelor of science degree in mechanical engineering from Drexel University in 1987 and a master of science degree in mechanical engineering from the University of Maryland College Park in 1991 .
org:top_members/employees(e2,e1)	Marcel Granier	RCTV	Marcel Granier a top RCTV executive told a news conference Thursday that the station plans to challenge the decision in Venezuelan and international courts .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	allowing	Prague	Following the technical fault screens and prevention of the news broadcasts by allowing tens of thousands of people to marched in the streets of Prague and other Czech cities and towns calling for restoration of freedom of the press demanding an end to what they perceived as censorship at Czech TV .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Coronado High School	Scottsdale	The film was shot in the Phoenix Arizona metropolitan area mostly in and around Coronado High School in Scottsdale Arizona in 1987 .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Defense	Robert Gates	Former members of the NEB include former presidential nominee Mitt Romney and former Secretary of Defense Robert Gates .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	CBS	Columbia Records	( In 1938 CBS bought back Columbia Records . ) .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	46th Infantry Brigade	France	In 1914 the regiment was in barracks at with the 46th Infantry Brigade 23rd Infantry Division 12th Army Corps ( France ) .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	University of Graz	Styria	She then studied law at the University of Graz Styria graduating in 1993 ( Magistra ) and 1999 ( doctorate ) respectively .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e2,e1)	Idaho	Larry Craig	Labels : closet cases David Phillips Idaho Statesman Larry Craig Mike Jones .
no_relation	Texas	TWU	Originally produced by the Texas Foundation for Women's Resources the exhibit is permanently housed at TWU .
org:members(e1,e2)	India	Morarji Desai	Shanti Bhushan ( born 11 November 1925 Allahabad United Provinces ) is a former Law Minister of India holding office at the Ministry of Law and Justice from 1977 to 1979 in the Morarji Desai Ministry .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	QantasLink	Eastern	Qantas wholly owns Jetstar Airways Jetconnect ( which operates international services between Australia and New Zealand ) QantasLink ( including Sunstate Airlines and Eastern Australia Airlines ) and Qantas Freight ( which itself wholly owns Express Freighters Australia ) .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Taipei	Chen Shui-Bian	Having failed twice in gaining DPP support for his presidential bid first in 1996 when he lost the party primary to Peng Ming-Min and second in 1999 when the party threw its support behind the widely popular former mayor of Taipei City Chen Shui-Bian Hsu decided to withdraw from the DPP in 1999 .
no_relation	Michael S. Dobson	Charlotte	Michael S. Dobson ( born September 9 1952 in Charlotte North Carolina ) is an American author in the fields of Business ( particularly office politics and project management ) Alternate history | Alternate History novels ( relating to World War II | WWII ) and Role-playing game adventures ( Dungeons Dragons | Indiana Jones ( role-playing game ) | Indiana Jones and Buck Rogers XXVC ) .
org:top_members/employees(e2,e1)	Dorsey	St. Louis Community College	In 2011 Dr. Dorsey was appointed chancellor of St. Louis Community College .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Republica	England	Sir Thomas Smith's book * De Republica Anglorum ; the Manner of Government or Policie of the Realme of England written between 1562 and 1565 was first published in 1583 .
no_relation	USA	South High School	Charlotte Catholic's Rugby team in 2010 had a perfect regular season and won all three of its matches at USA Rugby South High School Championships advancing to the National championships .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Alexander Dyukov	Agency of Military	Russian historian Alexander Dyukov former member of the Russian ARMS-TASS Agency of Military and Technical Information has been the most vocal critic of the documentary .
org:founded_by(e2,e1)	Michael Brown	City Year	In 1988 social entrepreneurs Alan Khazei and Michael Brown formed City Year in Boston .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	New Hampshire	Franklin Pierce	John Morressy ( December 8 1930 - March 20 2006 Sullivan New Hampshire ) was a science fiction and fantasy writer and a professor of English at Franklin Pierce College .
per:origin(e2,e1)	Sierra Leonean	Siaka Stevens	All of the twenty four members of the Sierra Leonean delegation were prominent and well-respected politicians including Sir Milton himself his younger brother lawyer Sir Albert Margai the outspoken trade unionist Siaka Stevens SLPP strongman Lamina Sankoh outspoken Creole activist Isaac Wallace-Johnson Dr John Karefa-Smart Paramount chief Ella Koblo Gulama educationist Mohamed Sanusi Mustapha professor Kande Bureh lawyer Sir Banja Tejan-Sie former Freetown's Mayor Eustace Henry Taylor Cummings educationist Amadu Wurie and Creole diplomat Hector Reginald Sylvanus Boltman .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Democratic	Paul Simon	In 1990 Martin ran for the U.S. Senate in Illinois against Democratic incumbent Paul Simon .
per:spouse(e2,e1)	Lance Rentzel	Joey Heatherton	And Pro Bowl wide receiver Lance Rentzel married to blond movie actress Joey Heatherton fell the lowest of all Cowboys when he exposed himself to a 10-year-old girl a crime that caused TV commentator Walter Winchell to state '' All good Americans should stop and beware of the biggest menace to the morals of American youth : Lance Rentzel . '' .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Carlos Chagas	Brazil	After that he participated in the elaboration of the Ford Foundation Scholarship Program ( IFP ) / Carlos Chagas Foundation as a program to stimulate the entrance of Indians and black people in graduate education programs in Brazil .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e2,e1)	New Mexico	Jeff Bingaman	New Mexico Sen. Jeff Bingaman 's endorsement of Obama Monday gave him the lead among his Democratic colleagues in the Senate .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	GAM	Tokyo	A provincial GAM spokesman described the arrests as attempts by parties who want to sabotage the peace talks in Tokyo .
no_relation	Hans Luther	lawyer	Hans Luther was ambitious for himself and his family and he was determined to see Martin his eldest son become a lawyer .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Giuffria	MCA	Giuffria were signed to MCA Records in 1984 .
no_relation	Nova	Bermuda	In December 2005 Nova released Together As One an EP supporting the Bermuda Sloop Foundation which operates the Bermuda sloop Spirit of Bermuda .
org:city_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Boston	Wheelock College	Founded in 1888 and located in Boston Massachusetts Wheelock College is a private college with the public mission to improve the lives of children and families .
org:founded_by(e1,e2)	Days Inn	Cecil B. Day	Days Inn : President's letter Days Inns worldwide locations include : Days Inn was founded in 1970 on Tybee Island Georgia by Cecil B. Day a real estate developer who later achieved note as a prominent Christian philanthropist .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Devon	Exeter School	Morrison was educated at The Beacon Church of England Primary School a Voluntary Aided state primary school in the port city of Exmouth in Devon followed by Exeter School a co-educational independent school in the city of Exeter ( also in Devon ) in South West England .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Soviet Union	Andrei Gromyko	It was signed by the governments of the Soviet Union ( represented by Andrei Gromyko ) the United Kingdom ( represented by Lord Home ) and the United States ( represented by Dean Rusk ) named the Original Parties at Moscow on August 5 1963 before being opened for signature by other countries .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Venezuela	Rafael Caldera	Arria then studied at the London School of Economics and worked for the Inter-American Development Bank in Washington D.C. until he returned to Venezuela in 1969 initially as Director of Tourism in Rafael Caldera 's Ministry of Development and later as president of the CONAHOTU ( National Corporation of Hotels and Tourism ) .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	University of Waterloo	Canada	The study conducted by researchers at the University of Waterloo in Canada showed that in addition to words like light mild and low-tar which have been banished from cigarette packets in more than 40 countries design elements and color are being used by tobacco companies to lull smokers into a false sense of security about the harmful effects of smoking .
per:origin(e2,e1)	British	Damien Hirst	In 1995 the Bad Boy of British contemporary art Damien Hirst won with a pickled cow .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Elpidio Quirino	Philippines	Incumbent President Elpidio Quirino lost his opportunity to get a second full term as President of the Philippines to former Defense Secretary Ramon Magsaysay .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Kenya	Raila Odinga	Kalonzo took a distant third place but in January 2008 he became vice-president of Kenya under Kibaki whose victory was disputed by Raila Odinga and the ODM .
org:top_members/employees(e1,e2)	NBC Entertainment/Universal Media Studios	Ben Silverman	Peacock's interest in the revival actually predates the arrival of NBC Entertainment/Universal Media Studios co-chairman Ben Silverman who began developing the project while still in charge of Reveille .
per:alternate_names(e1,e2)	Chris Gaines	Garth Brooks	In one episode Mango revealed that he himself harbored an attraction to Chris Gaines ( Garth Brooks ) only to have his dreams crushed when Gaines revealed himself as Brooks .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	GeoEye	Virginia	But critics of the program say the Pentagon is spending billions to recreate and compete with private companies like GeoEye of Dulles Virginia and DigitalGlobe of Longmont Colorado which are expected to put four new satellites into orbit by 2013 .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Hart High School	California	Kapp played quarterback for William S. Hart High School located in Newhall California .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Chen Shui-bian	Republic	2000 : U.S. President Bill Clinton congratulates Chen Shui-bian on his victory in the Republic of China's presidential election and promises to maintain close unofficial ties with Taiwan under the one-China policy while again urging Taipei and Beijing to resolve their differences peacefully through dialogue .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Bernie	Parliament-Funkadelic	George Bernard Bernie Worrell Jr. ( born April 19 1944 ) is an American keyboardist and composer best known as a founding member of Parliament-Funkadelic and for his work with Talking Heads .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	New Brunswick	Louis Robichaud	He served in the 46th New Brunswick Legislative Assembly and on April 1 1968 was appointed to the Cabinet by Premier Louis Robichaud as Minister of Economic Development .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Pakatan Rakyat	Malaysia	Therefore Pakatan Rakyat vows to : Identifying the widespread destructive trends wrought by corruption upon the nation Pakatan Rakyat vows to : Recognizing the position of Sabah and Sarawak as equal partners in the Malaysian Federation and honouring previous agreements made Pakatan Rakyat vows to : Malaysia 's Prime Minister Datuk Seri Najib Tun Razak has dismissed Buku Jingga as not worth the paper it is printed on .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	West Virginia State University	Institute	Meanwhile Harris taught at West Virginia State University a small historically black public college in Institute West Virginia .
no_relation	he	herself	he enlisted celebrities for the effort among which was a radio matinee star of middling talent Eva Duarte who introduced herself to the Labor Minister by remarking that nothing's missing except a touch of Atkinson's .
org:members(e2,e1)	Victoria Vikes	Canada West Universities Athletic Association	Their younger sister Joann was the captain of the University of Victoria Vikes women's soccer team for three years and was named a Canada West Universities Athletic Association All-Star .
org:founded(e1,e2)	Federation of Organized Trades and Labor Unions	1881	The CMIU was instrumental in the formation of the Federation of Organized Trades and Labor Unions in 1881 and organization which later evolved into the American Federation of Labor ( AF of L ) .
no_relation	Credit Suisse First Boston	CGI	In his previous role as Credit Suisse First Boston key Montreal executive in 2004 Fortier had helped to underwrite CGI $ 858 million acquisition of AMS Inc .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e2,e1)	Michigan	Abraham	When Clinton later nominated Kathleen McCree Lewis in 1999 to a second Michigan vacancy on the Sixth Circuit Abraham did not allow her to be processed in committee either .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	University College Cardiff	University of Wales	A financial crisis in the late eighties caused UWIST and University College Cardiff to merge in 1988 forming the University of Wales College of Cardiff ( UWCC ) .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Lincolnshire	King Edward VI Grammar School	Drewery grew up in Nottingham and the Lincolnshire village of Authorpe and went to South Reston Primary School then Monks ' Dyke High School and King Edward VI Grammar School in nearby Louth then Lincoln College .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Lauri Kristian Relander	Finland	Lauri Kristian Relander ( May 31 1883 February 9 1942 ) was the second President of Finland ( 1925 1931 ) .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Chadron State College	Nebraska	Chadron State College is located in northwest Nebraska in the Pine Ridge area where opportunities for outdoor recreational activities such as fishing hunting and cross-country skiing abound .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Chittagong University	Chittagong	The University of Chittagong ( Chittagong University CU ) is a public university situated at the suburban area of Hathazari Chittagong district Bangladesh .
org:founded(e1,e2)	Eagle Test	1976	Eagle Test Systems was founded and began providing test solutions in 1976 .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e2,e1)	Florida	Martinez	One of those groups the Florida Immigrant Coalition has held prayer vigils outside Martinez 's offices in Tampa Orlando Pensacola and Miami .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Sewell	Ontario	Sewell found a place in Burlington Ontario known as the RWA wrestling school/promotion .
org:founded(e1,e2)	Macromedia	2005	It was developed by iteration : : two which was acquired by Macromedia in 2005 .
no_relation	Tankard	Pina Bausch	Tankard 's early successes as a performer came when she worked in Germany with Pina Bausch and her Tanztheater Wuppertal between 1978 and 1984 ; Tankard was a principal artist and toured extensively .
org:members(e2,e1)	West Virginia University	NCAA	The 1994 West Virginia Mountaineers football team represented West Virginia University in the 1994 NCAA Division I-A football season .
org:members(e1,e2)	NYSE	Merrill Lynch	Thain led the New York Stock Exchange's ( NYSE ) massive takeover last year of Euronext the pan-European stock market operator and is a former president of a key Merrill Lynch rival Goldman Sachs .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Education	William Bennett	This approach brought Koop into conflict with other administration officials such as Education Secretary William Bennett .
org:founded(e2,e1)	September 2 1789	United States Department of the Treasury	Dating back to 1775 on September 2 1789 Washington reestablished the United States Department of the Treasury headed by the Secretary of the Treasury .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Lee County High School	Leesburg	-- Hank Carter Director of Bands Lee County High School 1 Trojan Way Leesburg GA 31763 (229) 903-2287 mailto : carte . . @lee .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Def Jam	Redman	A long term friend of Def Jam rapper Redman Rockwilder got his start producing for East Coast Hip Hop artists in the mid-1990s .
org:founded(e2,e1)	2008	OZ Minerals	On 18 July 2008 shareholders approved a new name for merged companies Oxiana and Zinifex in the form of ' OZ Minerals ' .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Lebanese University	Lebanon	He studied at the Lebanese University and Saint Joseph University in Lebanon .
no_relation	United States	presidency of Ronald Reagan	It does however highlight the uneasy relationship between the Holy See and the United States a country which did not give full diplomatic relations with the Holy See until the presidency of Ronald Reagan in the 1980s .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	State	James Buchanan	California voted for the Democratic nominee former Secretary of State James Buchanan over the American Party nominee former Whig president Millard Fillmore and the Republican nominee the state's former senator John C. .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	First National Bank	Nebraska	Currently First National Bank has branches in Nebraska Iowa Texas Colorado Kansas and Illinois .
per:title(e2,e1)	Singer	Van Morrison	Aug. 31 : Singer Van Morrison is 65 .
org:top_members/employees(e1,e2)	Boston Properties	Mortimer Zuckerman	The MassMutual unit is one more name on the list of sophisticated investors around the world who were ensnared in Madoff's alleged fraud a list that includes prominent individuals in Boston and New York from Boston Properties real estate magnate Mortimer Zuckerman to Nobel Laureate Elie Wiesel .
org:alternate_names(e1,e2)	Georgia Tech	Georgia Institute of Technology	Georgia Tech 's Division of Professional Practice ( DoPP ) established in 1912 as the Georgia Institute of Technology Cooperative Division operates the largest and fourth-oldest cooperative education program in the United States and is accredited by the Accreditation Council for Cooperative Education .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Interior	Franklin Knight Lane	( In April a Trans-Missouri Irrigation Conference not affiliated with the ongoing organization had been held in Denver Colorado at the call of Secretary of the Interior Franklin Knight Lane who had issued a broad invitation to all persons interested in irrigation with the meetings open to all . ) .
org:founded(e2,e1)	29 April 1977	Aircraft	On 29 April 1977 BAC the Hawker Siddeley Group and Scottish Aviation were nationalised and merged under the provisions of Aircraft and Shipbuilding Industries Act 1977 .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Japan	Inpex	Major Australian miner BHP Billiton Ltd. rose 1.7 percent and Japan 's Inpex Corp. shot up 4.1 percent .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e2,e1)	Tennessee	Roy Orbison	Beginning in 1957 first at his home in Midland Texas and then in Nashville Tennessee Melson teamed up with a virtual unknown by the name of Roy Orbison with whom he would write a string of hits for Monument Records .
org:founded_by(e2,e1)	Kimora Lee Simmons	Baby Phat	Notable examples include Wu-Tang Clan ( Wu-Wear ) Nelly ( Vokal and Apple Bottom Jeans ) Russell Simmons ( Phat Farm ) Kimora Lee Simmons ( Baby Phat ) Diddy ( Sean John and Enyce ) T.I. ( AKOO ) Damon Dash and Jay-Z ( Rocawear ) 50 Cent ( G-Unit Clothing ) Eminem ( Shady Limited ) 2Pac ( Makaveli Branded ) OutKast ( OutKast Clothing ) and Lil Wayne ( Trukfit ) .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Health and Human Services	Mike Leavitt	- Health and Human Services Secretary Mike Leavitt declares a federal health emergency throughout the Gulf Coast sends in medical supplies and workers .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Wake Forest University Baptist Medical Center	North Carolina	Our analysis quantifies the risk for the first time and it shows that nobody is immune said Sonal Singh lead author of the study and an assistant professor in internal medicine at Wake Forest University Baptist Medical Center in Winston Salem North Carolina .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Risto Ryti	Finland	The dire situation in 1944 had led to Finnish president Risto Ryti giving Germany his personal guarantee that Finland would not negotiate peace with the Soviet Union for as long as he was the president .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	San Francisco Municipal Railway	San Francisco	Williams StationSan Francisco Municipal Railway Map 2007 access date July 10 2008 is a light rail station of the San Francisco Municipal Railway 's Muni Metro system located in the median of Third Street at Williams and Van Dyke Avenues in Bayview San Francisco California .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Republican	Arlen Specter	In 1976 U.S. Senator Hugh Scott the Senate Republican leader announced his retirement after being tarred in a campaign finance scandal and facing pressure from fellow Republicans Arlen Specter and John Heinz who each coveted his seat .
no_relation	Jerry Lawler	Memphis	They wrestled in the Continental and in the CWA promotions and feuded with the Armstrong family Cooley and The Nightmares in Continental and with Jerry Lawler and Jeff Jarrett in Memphis .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Mr Onuch	Poland	In 2005 Mr Onuch joined the Polish Ministry of Foreign Affairs and served as a Counsellor to the Embassy of the Republic of Poland in Ukraine in Kiev and Director of the Polish Institute .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Parliament-Funkadelic	Jerome Brailey	Mutiny on the Mamaship is the debut album by former Parliament-Funkadelic drummer Jerome Brailey and his band Mutiny .
no_relation	Chingy	St. Louis	The album's guest list was extensive initially including David Banner Twista Juvenile Lil Jon Timbaland Chingy Nate Dogg Bun B. and Jon B. Recorded in their state-of-the art studio in St. Louis The Trak Meet the first official single titled Take it Off featured STL and T Deep the first artists signed to the Trak Starz label .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Kuomintang	Ma Ying-jeou	Main opposition Kuomintang ( KMT ) presidential candidate Ma Ying-jeou 's political donation case has been closed by the Taipei District Prosecutors Office according to a press release issued by the Taipei District Court Wednesday .
org:alternate_names(e2,e1)	University of Central Florida	UCF Knights	The University of Central Florida Knights women's volleyball program commonly referred to as the UCF Knights represents the University of Central Florida in National Collegiate Athletics Association ( NCAA ) Division I. The Knights compete in Conference USA ( C-USA ) and play their home games on UCF's main campus in Orlando Florida at The Venue at UCF .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Mitch McConnell	Kentucky	Sen. Mitch McConnell of Kentucky says Republicans may well vote for the bill .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Ong Teng Cheong	Singapore	Tan had a close relationship with Ong Teng Cheong the fifth President of Singapore .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Japan	Nippon Oil	Japan 's Nippon Oil wins oil contract in Malaysia : Petronas .
no_relation	contrast	2006	In March 2008 it was announced that the bank made profit of RSD228 .82 million ( ~ 2.8 million ) during year 2007 which was in sharp contrast to year 2006 when it posted a gross loss of RSD39 .42 million ( ~ ) .
org:founded_by(e2,e1)	Phyllis Schlafly	Eagle Forum	Conservative activist Phyllis Schlafly 's Eagle Forum for instance rated him a meager 54 % favorable rating in 2005 .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Ian Khama	Botswana	Lieutenant General Seretse Khama Ian Khama ( or Ian a ; born 27 February 1953 ) is a Botswana politician who has been the President of Botswana since 2008 ; he is also the Paramount Chief of the Bamangwato tribe .
org:city_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Chiang Mai	Chiang Mai University	Chiang Mai has several universities including Chiang Mai University Chiangmai Rajabhat University Rajamangala University of Technology Lanna Payap University Far Eastern University and Maejo University as well as numerous technical and teacher colleges .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	England school	Buckinghamshire	It is a Church of England school and is the only CofE secondary school in Buckinghamshire .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Sirius Satellite Radio	New York	The deal with baseball was one of several headline-grabbing programming agreements that both XM and Sirius Satellite Radio of New York the nation's other satellite radio company entered into with the intent of drumming up interest in the new format and winning subscribers .
org:founded(e2,e1)	1883	UND	Established by the Dakota Territorial Assembly in 1883 six years before the establishment of the state of North Dakota UND is the oldest and largest university in the state .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	European Air Transport	Belgium	European Air Transport N.V. / S.A. ( EAT ) was a cargo airline with its head office in Building 4-5 on the grounds of Brussels Airport and in Zaventem Belgium .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	CTVglobemedia	Globe	Torstar operates the Toronto Star CTVglobemedia owns the Globe and Mail and Square Victoria operates La Presse in Montreal .
org:alternate_names(e1,e2)	UCLA	University of California	The 2004 05 UCLA Bruins men's basketball team represented the University of California Los Angeles in the 2004 05 NCAA Division I men's basketball season .
no_relation	Lexus	350	Before last October's recall of Toyota and Lexus floor mats in Camry and ES 350 sedans the NHTSA had triggered only two other similar recalls since 1989 .
per:title(e2,e1)	Senator	Walker	However on 26 February 2009 the BBC Trust the BBC's own Editorial Watchdog upheld a complaint from a member of the public and released a report criticising the Newsnight programme for significant failings in the conduct of this interview stating that the interview had not upheld the BBC's guidelines on fairness and impartiality that Senator Walker had been misquoted that the reported exchange between Senator Walker and Syvret had been edited in a way as to misrepresent what Senator Walker had said and so as to mislead the audience and that the correction had not gone far enough in remedying the unfair implications that the quotes had suggested .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Iowa Hawkeyes	Iowa	Close was an assistant coach with the Stanford Cardinal and the Iowa Hawkeyes before taking a head coaching position at Regina High School in Iowa City Iowa .
per:origin(e2,e1)	Indian	Mishra	Indian captain Mahendra Singh Dhoni's gamble to bring on Mishra after one over from Ishant Sharma paid off when the leg-spinner forced Flintoff to deflect a catch to short-leg with his fifth delivery .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	John Adams	United States	Located in the northern Presidential Range Mount Adams was named after John Adams the second president of the United States .
per:alternate_names(e2,e1)	Winston Rodney	Burning Spear	Harder Than the Best is a 1979 compilation album by Winston Rodney also known as Burning Spear a Jamaican roots reggae singer and musician known for his Rastafari movement messages .
org:alternate_names(e2,e1)	Pax	Ion Television	The station began broadcasting on August 27 1999 as WMPX-TV and was a Pax ( now Ion Television ) affiliate owned by Paxson Communications .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Agriculture	Mike Johanns	He was first appointed by Agriculture Secretary Mike Johanns to the position in 2005 and was reappointed for another term that would have expired in 2011 however on February 5 2009 the USDA announced that the new Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack had removed Parnell from the board.Small company in salmonella scandal had wide reach Associated Press February 7 2009 Parnell started in the peanut business with his father and two younger brothers in 1977 .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Daniel Akaka	Hawaii	In particular Daniel Akaka US Senator from Hawaii has shown interest in topics such as Indian Internet Gaming and has held oversight meetings with Joseph Eve's Partner Grant Eve as an expert witness in the Oversight Hearing on the Future of Internet Gaming ; What's at Stake for Tribes in November 2011 .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	France	Sarah Bernhardt	In France two grow by the gate at corner of rue de Buzenval and rue de Lagney in the Square Sarah Bernhardt Paris ( 20th Arrondissement ) .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Hill	New Hampshire	Hill is a town in Merrimack County New Hampshire United States .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Italy	Pietro Annigoni	He served just over two tours of duty in Vietnam as a Marine Corps Combat Officer ; during his last tour he served as Commander of the Combat Art Team and much of his work from that period is now on display at the Smithsonian Institution of Washington D.C. Upon leaving Vietnam Long traveled to Florence Italy to apprentice himself to internationally-renowned Maestro Pietro Annigoni .
org:top_members/employees(e2,e1)	John L. Anderson	Illinois Institute of Technology	To date the lecturers have included : 2004 -- John L. Anderson Illinois Institute of Technology 2005 -- William B. Russel Princeton University 2006 -- Douglas A. Lauffenburger Massachusetts Institute of Technology 2007 -- Stephen L. Matson ConTechs Associates and Tufts University 2008 -- John H. Seinfeld California Institute of Technology 2009 -- Robert A. Brown Boston University 2010 -- T. Kyle Vanderlick Yale University 2011 -- John F. Brady California Institute of Technology 2012 -- W.S. Winston Ho The Ohio State University 2013 -- William F .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	DRB-HICOM	Malaysia	DRB-HICOM ( ) Berhad is one of Malaysia 's leading corporations involved in the automotive manufacturing assembly and distribution industry through its involvement in the passenger car and four wheel drive vehicle market segment the national truck project and the national motorcycle project .
org:members(e2,e1)	Episcopal Church	World Council of Churches	The Episcopal Church is a founding member of the National Council of Churches the World Council of Churches and the new Christian Churches Together in the USA .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	John Dahmer	Reform Party	In 1989 following the sudden death of John Dahmer PC MP for Beaver River in Alberta the Reform Party gained its first MP when Deborah Grey won the resulting by-election .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Dimitris Christofias	Cyprus	Near complete official results show Communist-rooted Dimitris Christofias has won Cyprus presidential runoff .
no_relation	Little Richard	Specialty	The Dell-Vikings - Come Go With Me - Fee Bee 205 v * Little Richard - Rip It Up - Specialty 579 .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Stoke Mandeville Hospital	England	The pioneer of this approach was Sir Ludwig Guttmann of the Stoke Mandeville Hospital in England .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Hua Guofeng	Central Military Commission	The last position of power retained by Hua Guofeng chairman of the Central Military Commission was taken by Deng in 1981 .
per:title(e2,e1)	songwriter	Elvis Costello	King of America is the tenth studio album by the British rock singer and songwriter Elvis Costello released in 1986 in the United Kingdom as F-Beat ZL 70946 and in the United States as Columbia JC 40173 .
org:founded_by(e1,e2)	Ultimate Fighting Championship	Art Davie	The Ultimate Fighting Championship ( UFC ) is a mixed martial arts ( MMA ) promotion founded in 1993 by Art Davie and Rorion Gracie .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Australia	his	But at the tail-end of the White Australia Policy the public was not ready for such an exogamous marriage especially as it meant deserting his first wife the much - loved Dama Zara .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Frank Bainimarama	Fiji	Previously the Acting Land Force Commander he had been effectively the second in rank to Commodore Frank Bainimarama the Commander Republic of Fiji Military Forces and it was rumoured that he had been removed from this post because of differences with the Commander but Military spokesman Captain Neumi Leweni denied this on 13 January 2006 according to the Fiji Times .
org:city_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Dubai	Dubai Financial Market	Nasdaq Dubai is primarily focused on international stocks while crosstown exchange Dubai Financial Market mostly lists local stocks .
no_relation	Red Sox	New England Sports Network	The company paid $ 75 million for a 17.5 percent stake in New England Sports Ventures which bought the Red Sox in 2002 along with their stadium Fenway Park and 80 percent of New England Sports Network a regional cable channel .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Elvis Costello	Demon	Out of Our Idiot is a 1987 compilation album of then rare and unreleased recordings dating back to 1979 by Elvis Costello which was released in the U.K. on Demon Records .
no_relation	Shine Group	BBC Four	It is a subsidiary of the Shine Group and has produced factual programmes for BBC One BBC Two BBC Three BBC Four Channel 4 Channel Five Sky1 Discovery Channel and National Geographic Channel .
per:spouse(e2,e1)	Henry II of England	Eleanor of Aquitaine	JPG | The abbey was originally the site of the graves of King Henry II of England his wife Eleanor of Aquitaine their son King Richard I of England their daughter Joan their grandson Raymond VII of Toulouse and Isabella of wife of Henry and Eleanor's son King John .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	La Roche College	Pennsylvania	La Roche College is a private college in McCandless a suburb of Pittsburgh in the U.S. state of Pennsylvania .
per:title(e2,e1)	host	Michael Reagan	After Howard Dean in November 2005 pointed out the obvious -- that the U.S. would not be able to win in Iraq ( a fact which William Buckley among others repeated a few months later ) -- Ronald Reagan's son and frequent Fox News guest host Michael Reagan said this : Howard Dean should be arrested and hung for treason or put in a hole until the end of the Iraq war !
per:title(e1,e2)	Ranasinghe Premadasa	President	He is the son of Ranasinghe Premadasa the former President of Sri Lanka .
org:alternate_names(e2,e1)	University of California	UCSF	The University of California San Francisco ( UCSF ) Medical Center one of the leading hospitals in the United States and a frontrunner in healthcare innovation collaborated with Motion Computing on the C5's development .
per:country_of_birth(e2,e1)	Canada	Ryder	In Canada Ryder became the first Canadian artist to be number one on the CBC Top 20 chart days after the release of Harmony .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e2,e1)	Washington	Hammerbox	Goodness was an American rock band from Seattle Washington led by Carrie Akre formerly of Hammerbox and now primarily a solo artist .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	State	William H. Seward	The 64th New York State Legislature consisting of the New York State Senate and the New York State Assembly met from January 5 to May 25 1841 during the third year of William H. Seward 's governorship in Albany .
org:founded_by(e2,e1)	Cypher Zero	Academy	Founded in 2006 by contemporary circus innovator Cypher Zero the Academy features faculty members formerly of the Moscow State Circus Cirque du Soleil the Israeli National Circus School and FireFly Aerial Acrobatics .
org:members(e2,e1)	Blazers	Conference USA	The Blazers led by fifth year head coach Neil Callaway played their home games at Legion Field and competed in the East Division of Conference USA .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Ramsey Clark	United States	- Ramsey Clark 66th United States Attorney-General ( October 6 2000 ) .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Oklahoma	Oklahoma City Community College	Juniors and seniors may take courses at many local colleges and universities including the University of Oklahoma Rose State College and Oklahoma City Community College .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Sup de Co Marrakech	Marrakech	Sup de Co Marrakech ( also de commerce de Marrakech ) is a private four year College based in Marrakech Morocco .
no_relation	Jackie	Motown	As Tito Jackie Marlon Randy and Michael had yet to surface with any new material from their freshly-inked deal with Epic Records Motown was understandably eager to get their platters on the air and in the racks before the competition .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Adib Shishakli	Syria	Under the military regime of Adib Shishakli al-Asali allied himself with former president Hashim al-Atassi and conspired to bring down the Shishakli regime and restore a civilian administration to Syria .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	boxer James Braddock	New Jersey	Gould met then 20 year-old amateur boxer James Braddock at Joe Jeanette gym in Hoboken New Jersey in 1925 .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Oscar Peterson	Pablo	The Milt Jackson Big 4 is a live album by vibraphonist Milt Jackson featuring pianist Oscar Peterson recorded at the Montreux Jazz Festival in 1975 and released on the Pablo label.Milt Jackson discography accessed February 2 2012 The Allmusic review by Scott Yanow awarded the album 4 stars stating Bags and O.P. always bring out the best in each other and this well-conceived set is no exception .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	George Washington	Continental Army	The road was traveled by General George Washington and the Continental Army into Valley Forge for the winter encampment of 1777-1778 .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	CNN	Turner Broadcasting System	CNN Checkout Channel was run by Turner Private Networks Inc. a division of Turner Broadcasting System Inc. now a division of Time Warner company .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Theodore Frelinghuysen	New Jersey	He received his diploma from Theodore Frelinghuysen New Jersey 's first major-party vice-presidential candidate who had run unsuccessfully with Henry Clay in 1844 .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Liverpool John Moores University	England	It's highly unlikely that it's going to hit said NEO expert Benny Peiser of Liverpool John Moores University in northwestern England as the odds of a collision by 2007 WD5 fell to around 0.01 percent or one in .
per:cities_of_residence(e2,e1)	Chicago	Curtis Mayfield	After dropping out of Howard University in 1967 Hathaway moved to Chicago his birthplace and started working on music for Curtis Mayfield 's Curtom Records label where he was a songwriter producer arranger composer conductor and session player .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Illinois	Southern Illinois University Carbondale	It is operated by the Southern Illinois Collegiate Common Market a consortium of five Southern Illinois community colleges and the Southern Illinois University Carbondale and Edwardsville campuses .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	John Baird	Canada	Government House leader John Baird responded by saying they would block the deal if it's not a net benefit to Canada .
org:top_members/employees(e2,e1)	Joe Quesada	Marvel Comics	Two and a half years after starting Marvel Knights Joe Quesada became editor-in-chief of Marvel Comics in 2000 following Bob Harras's departure from the company .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	Opel	General Motors	Opel is part of General Motors Co .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Alessandri	Chile	As the grand total of $ 130 million from the U.S. banking Industry the U.S. Treasury Department the IMF and the ICA accepted by Alessandri illustrates laissez-faire policies only made Chile more dependent on the United States .
org:alternate_names(e1,e2)	Washington College of Law	WCL	The Center for Human Rights and Humanitarian Law at American University Washington College of Law ( WCL ) was founded in 1990 as a way to coordinate all the human rights and humanitarian law activities at WCL .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	KiwiRail	Tranz Metro	KiwiRail owns Tranz Metro which operates suburban passenger services in the Wellington region .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Blue October	C.B. Hudson	It is the only Blue October album to feature former member Dwayne Casey on bass guitar and the band's first album featuring lead guitarist C.B. Hudson .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Mercury	Little Richard	He was the West Coast director for Mercury Records from 1959 to 1963 and produced Little Richard 's gospel recordings for that label .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Moscow Metro	Russia	Pyatnitskoye Shosse ( ) is a Moscow Metro station in the Mitino District North-Western Administrative Okrug Moscow Russia .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Mel Martinez	Florida	On January 23 2001 after the confirmation of Orange County Chairman ( former name of the position of Mayor ) Mel Martinez as the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development Florida Governor Jeb Bush appointed Crotty to replace Martinez .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	Imperial College London	Chelsea and Westminster Hospital	Prospective postgraduates should send an up-to-date CV including the names and addresses of two academic referees to : * Dr Martin R. Goodier Department of Immunology Imperial College London Chelsea and Westminster Hospital 369 Fulham Road London SW10 9NH .
org:members(e1,e2)	NCAA	University of Houston	Foster coached NCAA men's basketball at Lamar University University of Houston and University of Nevada Reno.SPORTS PEOPLE : COLLEGE BASKETBALL ; Houston Coach Gets Nevada Post - New York Times At Houston he succeeded legendary head coach Guy Lewis .
org:top_members/employees(e1,e2)	Maryland State Fire Marshal	William Barnard	Maryland State Fire Marshal William Barnard was the recipient in 2012 .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Juan	Argentina	Populist President Juan is said to have had labor union heavies once intimidate Pugliese by locking him in a sinking boat rescuing him at the last minute ; though the alleged 1949 incident has never been proven ( Pugliese likewise seldom spoke of it publicly ) the day Pres. awarded the great pianist the Order of May ( Argentina 's highest civilian award ) he embraced Pugliese saying : Thank you maestro for forgiving .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Lin	Cultural Revolution	Because there was no way to avoid becoming Mao's second-in-command Lin attempted to protect himself from the chaos of the Cultural Revolution by giving absolute support to Mao and doing very little else .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Rompetrol	; Romani	The Rompetrol Group N.V. is the owner of the Petromidia Refinery in N?vodari ; Romani a renamed Rompetrol Rafinare S.A. which was built between 1975 and 1977 and modernized in the early 1990s currently it has a capacity to process tons of crude oil per day .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Nigeria	Shehu Shagari	The minister disclosed this on Sunday in northern Nigeria ' s Sokoto State at the inauguration ceremony of the ICT project built at the Shehu Shagari College of Education by the Universal Service Provision Fund ( USPF ) .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Scotland	University	The Chair was founded in 1707 the year of the union of Scotland and England by Queen Anne and was the University 's first Chair in Law .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	It	Tacoma	It is a part of the Tacoma Public School District .
org:members(e2,e1)	his	Aggro Berlin	It was released on 30 May 2008 on his label Aggro Berlin .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	He	West Adelaide	He finished his SANFL career having played a club record 364 games for West Adelaide .
no_relation	Butterfly	L'amico Fritz	In 1950 she made her operatic debut as Musetta in La at the Palacio de Bellas Artes in Mexico City and went on to sing leading roles there in operas including La traviata Madama Butterfly L'amico Fritz Faust Carmen La serva padrona Il segreto di Susanna Werther and Don Giovanni With her husband the Italian conductor and musicologist Uberto Zanolli she also developed programs for Mexican television .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	Avex Group	Rhythm Zone	is Tohoshinki's 29th Japanese single released in Japan on January 27 2010 by Avex Group 's sublabel Rhythm Zone .
per:origin(e2,e1)	American	Malcolm Bricklin	In 2002 the American entrepreneur Malcolm Bricklin who had previously imported Yugo into the United States signed a deal with Zastava to re-introduce the company's products back into America .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Thompson	Health and Human Services	Then when Thompson was appointed to be Health and Human Services ( HHS ) secretary he brought Simonson with him to that agency as well .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Swissair	Switzerland	Swissair executives assert innocence at first day of Switzerland ' s biggest corporate trial .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Spain	Pedro Romero	The first Monte de Piedad organization in Spain was founded in Madrid and from there the idea was transferred to New Spain by Pedro Romero de Terreros the Count of Santa Maria de Regla and Knight of Calatrava .
org:alternate_names(e1,e2)	Noel-Baker Community School	Language College	Noel-Baker Community School and Language College ( as it was known from September 2005 ) is a mixed comprehensive secondary school in Alvaston Derby UK .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Harvard University	Jeffrey Sachs	He received his Ph.D. in international economics from Harvard University in 1988 where his adviser was Jeffrey Sachs .
no_relation	Alfred	Alfred State College	Hot Dog Day which is organized primarily by students from Alfred University and Alfred State College raises money for local charities and community organizations such as Alfred's fire department and Montessori school .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Energy	Samuel Bodman	The centers originally slated to open in 2009 were announced in August by Energy Secretary Samuel Bodman who said during a speech in Illinois that they would lead us to an America in which we are actually able to grow and harvest up to a third of the fuel we use in our automobiles and trucks by 2030 .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	CordLife	Singapore	CordLife ( Hong Kong ) is a subdivision of Cordlife Group Limited based in Singapore .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Arthur	Quebec	One independent candidate Arthur was elected for the Quebec riding of Portneuf Jacques-Cartier .
no_relation	Burns	Montana	Burns faced Brian Schweitzer a rancher from Whitefish Montana .
per:spouse(e1,e2)	Monroe	Joe DiMaggio	In Blonde Monroe 's husbands Joe DiMaggio and Arthur Miller are referred to as the Ex-athlete and the Playwright respectively with their real names never mentioned .
per:alternate_names(e1,e2)	Dan Marsh	Mr.	Examples of this include : Hulk Hogan as Mr. America Dusty Rhodes as The Midnight Rider the Giant as Giant Machine Brian Pillman as The Yellow Dog The Miz as The Calgary Kid and Dan Marsh as Mr. X. In the past many wrestlers have had very successful careers while masked such as Mr. Wrestling Masked Superstar and the Spoiler .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Triumph Motorcycles Ltd	Hinckley	The new company Triumph Motorcycles Ltd which was established in 1984 and moved to Hinckley Leicestershire in 1988 .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	United States	Welles	He hoped to sell the film to Omnibus the United States television series which had presented his live performance of King Lear in 1953 ; but Welles stopped shooting when he was disappointed in the results .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Aberdeen	Scotland	The Heraldry of Aberdeen Scotland represents the long history of the city and its people .
org:members(e2,e1)	Pittsburgh Panthers	University of Pittsburgh	The 1989 Pittsburgh Panthers football team represented the University of Pittsburgh in the 1989 college football season .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Jacques-Louis David	Belgium	jpg | Fragonard The Lock 1776-1779 Louvre File : John Henry Fuseli - The Nightmare.JPG | Henry Fuseli 1781 The Nightmare a classical artist whose themes often anticipate the Romantic File : Death of Marat by David.jpg | Jacques-Louis David The Death of Marat 1793 Royal Museums of Fine Arts of Belgium Brussels File : Joseph Mallord William Turner - Fishermen at Sea - Google Art Project.jpg | J. M. W. Turner Fishermen at Sea 1796 Joseph Mallord William Turner ( 23 April 1775 19 December 1851 ) was an English Romantic landscape painter who is commonly known as the painter of light .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	France	his	Rampal made a great many television concert appearances in France from the late 1950s onwards and later elsewhere especially in America and Japan where his reputation and following remained highest .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Canibus	Universal	2000 B.C. ( Before Can-I-Bus ) is the second studio album by rapper Canibus released on July 18 2000 through Universal Records .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	David Ben-Gurion	Israel	In June 1952 he was appointed by Prime Minister David Ben-Gurion to be the first chairman of the Israel Atomic Energy Commission ( IAEC ) where he played a crucial role in leading the Israel nuclear program with Ben-Gurion and Defense Minister Shimon Peres .
org:founded_by(e2,e1)	Alfred Harvey	Harvey World Famous Comics	Alfred Harvey 's company Harvey World Famous Comics produced comic books and cartoons featuring Wendy the Good Little Witch Spooky the Tuff Little Ghost Casper the Friendly Ghost Baby Huey Little Audrey and Little Dot .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Leeds General Infirmary	England	Less than one year later Mr G.H.Wooler a surgeon in Leeds learned about their escape from Romania and in search himself of a cardiac surgeon to bolster his fledgling unit at the Leeds General Infirmary invited the Ionescus to come to England and helped them to join his unit where they were able to work and develop their many original ideas .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	University of Ulster	Coleraine	He attended the University of Ulster in Coleraine Northern Ireland studying English Media and Theatre studies .
org:alternate_names(e2,e1)	Owens College	Victoria University of Manchester	Owens College founded with a bequest from John Owens in 1851 became the Victoria University of Manchester in 1880 .
no_relation	Paul Keating	Sydney	The Redfern Park Speech was made on 10 December 1992 by the Prime Minister of Australia Paul Keating at Redfern Park in Redfern Sydney New South Wales .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Florida	Mel Martinez	Florida 's Charlie Crist is running to succeed retiring Republican Sen. Mel Martinez next year and could well have a presidential bid in the future .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	British Pacific Fleet	British Commonwealth	In November 1944 the British Pacific Fleet a joint British Commonwealth taskforce was formed based in Sydney Australia .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	James Scullin	Australia	Percy was involved in the defeat of the James Scullin government in 1931 and with fellow South Australian Archie Cameron negotiated the formation of the Liberal and Country League in South Australia .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Portugal	de Oliveira Salazar	Presidential elections were held in Portugal in 1965 during the authoritarian Estado Novo regime of by Prime Minister de Oliveira Salazar following parliamentary elections in the same year .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	Gazprom Media	Gazprombank	In 2001-2003 he was the Director General of the Russian TV channel NTV and also the Director General of Gazprom Media a subsidiary media holding of Gazprom ( now of Gazprombank ) that owned NTV TNT NTV Plus five popular radio stations ( including Echo of Moscow ) numerous widely-circulated news and entertainment publications and two premier movie theaters in Moscow and St. Petersburg .
per:title(e1,e2)	Rekha	Actress	It won the Filmfare Award for Best Movie and Rekha won her first Best Actress award .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Botswana	Bank of Botswana	In 1974 Botswana withdrew from the RMA and the Bank of Botswana and Financial Institution Acts established the legal framework for a central bank in Botswana to be established in 1975 .
per:origin(e1,e2)	Rupiah Banda	Zambia	LUSAKA -- The Zambian ruling Movement for Multi-Party Democracy ( MMD ) has endorsed the candidature of the country's Vice President Rupiah Banda as the presidential candidate in the forthcoming presidential by-election with more joining in the calls Times of Zambia reported Monday .
org:founded_by(e2,e1)	Dave Olbrich	Malibu Comics	The Kirby Award was managed by Dave Olbrich a Fantagraphics employee and later publisher of Malibu Comics .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	Rover Group	Riley	The new Mini which had been developed at Longbridge by Rover Group and was due for launch within a year along with marques ( Riley Triumph ) and former-Rover trademarks ( Metro Maxi ) were also strategically retained by BMW .
org:founded(e1,e2)	Liberty	2006	Liberty opened on August 14 2006 in what is now Fowler Middle School .
org:founded(e1,e2)	The Hongkong and Shanghai Banking Corporation	1865	The Hongkong and Shanghai Banking Corporation established its Shanghai branch office on 3 April 1865 previous to other upstarts of HSBC and indeed as part of the historic English investment of Eastern Asian nations in the 19th century .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	High Court	Edmund Barton	The first three justices of the High Court were Chief Justice Sir Samuel Griffith Justice Sir Edmund Barton and Justice Richard Edward O'Connor .
no_relation	two	Easton	Also attending were the two IOC members from the United States Anita DeFrantz and Jim Easton .
org:members(e2,e1)	USF	Big East	USF played its home games in the USF Sun Dome and is a member of the Big East Conference .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Kuomintang	Ma Ying-jeou	Taiwan's Kuomintang ( KMT ) declared its candidate Ma Ying-jeou won the island's leadership election on Saturday according to an initial ballot count .
per:origin(e1,e2)	he	Mexico	However he refused for Mexico to raise the U.S. flag on its soil to provide a 21-gun salute .
org:founded(e1,e2)	National Airlines	1934	National Airlines was a United States airline that operated from 1934 to 1980 .
no_relation	Central Pentecostal College	Christian Studies	On May 1 2007 the college changed its name from Central Pentecostal College to Horizon College and Seminary as it began offering some graduate courses toward the ATS-accredited Master of Divinity Master of Arts in Christian Studies and Master of Arts in Theological Studies degree programs at Providence Theological Seminary .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	New Dorp High School	New York	New Dorp High School ( or New Dorp or NDHS ) administered by the New York City Department of Education is a public school located on the East Shore of the New York City borough of Staten Island in the New Dorp neighborhood .
org:members(e2,e1)	Virginia Commonwealth University	Division I	The 2013 VCU Rams men's soccer team will represent Virginia Commonwealth University during the 2013 NCAA Division I men's soccer season .
org:alternate_names(e2,e1)	France	Telecom	In 1987 France Telecom establishes the France Telecom Foundation .
per:alternate_names(e1,e2)	Devon Nicholson	Hannibal	Devon Nicholson ( born October 16 1982 ) is a retired Canadian professional wrestler who wrestled primarily under the name Hannibal .
org:founded(e2,e1)	2007	University Campus Suffolk	Established in 2007 University Campus Suffolk is the trading name of University Campus Suffolk PLC a company registered as a collaborative venture involving the University of Essex in Colchester the University of East Anglia in Norwich various further education colleges and Suffolk County Council .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Skye Sweetnam	Canada	Skye Sweetnam is about to unleash her new album Sound Soldier on October 30th in Canada and she has * just * released a new video for her song Music is my Boyfriend . . and here it is : .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Ratnasiri Wickremanayake	Sri Lanka	Ratnasiri Wickremanayake ( ; born 5 May 1933 ) is a Sri Lankan politician who was Prime Minister of Sri Lanka from 2000 to 2001 and again from 2005 to 2010 .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Tom Bradley	Los Angeles	Appointed by Mayor Tom Bradley Lomax was the first black woman to lead the Los Angeles Police Commission which she headed when motorist Rodney King was beaten by four officers of the Los Angeles Police Department .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	The Band	Richard Manuel	It also included the last two recordings by The Band of new songs credited to pianist Richard Manuel ; both were co-written with guitarist Robbie Robertson who would continue to be the group's dominant lyricist until the group disbanded in 1976 .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e2,e1)	New Hampshire	Pierce	Located in Hillsborough New Hampshire the home was built in 1804 by Pierce 's father Benjamin Pierce .
no_relation	San Francisco	slave	ILWU to Shut Down West Coast Ports May 1 Demanding End to War . . San Francisco CA USA In the US the ILWU struck amid hysteria and in defiance of the slave labor Taft-Hartley Act to defend its union hiring hall against the . . http://www.indybay.org/newsitems/2008/03/01/18482849.php .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Maurice Wilkes	University of Cambridge Mathematical Laboratory	The Telecommunications Research Establishment ( TRE ) was also approached for assistance as was Maurice Wilkes at the University of Cambridge Mathematical Laboratory .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	TriMet	MAX Light Rail	The size of the crowd forced TriMet the public agency that operates mass transit throughout the Portland metropolitan area to temporarily halt operation of the Green and Yellow MAX Light Rail lines along the Portland Transit Mall .
org:city_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Bukit Persekutuan	Malaysian Nature Society	The Selangor Bird Group is doing a survey of the birds at Federal Hill or Bukit Persekutuan the area where the Malaysian Nature Society HQ is located .
org:founded_by(e1,e2)	Blackstone Group	Stephen A. Schwarzman	The proposal clearly rankled a co-founder of the Blackstone Group Stephen A. Schwarzman who was speaking at an awards presentation during a Yale-sponsored conference at the New York Stock Exchange on Thursday .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Nirvana	Channing	As bootlegs of Nirvana 's demos with Vig began to circulate in the music industry and draw attention from major labels Channing left the band .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Suharto	Indonesia	Australian Prime Minister Kevin Rudd called Suharto an influential leader who presided over Indonesia during a period of significant economic growth .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e2,e1)	Ohio	Rob Portman	Other politicians who got money from Ford included Ohio Sen.-elect Rob Portman and Roy Blunt Missouri's new senator .
org:alternate_names(e2,e1)	Wales	Nursing	These acts established the General Nursing Council for England and Wales and the other bodies which survived intact until the legislative changes in 1979 which were to create the UKCC and the National Boards of Nursing .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Vietnam	Ho Chi Minh	A passenger about to board a plane in Vietnam was carrying a dead infant's body in his luggage security officials at Ho Chi Minh airport said Thursday .
no_relation	Sanchez	Jamaica	The Dominican Republic's 2004 Olympic and two time world champion Felix Sanchez finished fourth in 49.21 ahead of Jamaica 's 2004 Olympic silver medallist Danny McFarlene ( 49.36 ) .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Harding University	Searcy	The city was home to Harding College now Harding University of Searcy Arkansas for about a decade in the 1920s and 1930s .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Japan	Naomichi Marufuji	Later that year he was one of the AAA ' luchadors chosen to tour Japan and teamed with Perro Aguayo Jr. and El Alebrije to defeat the teams of Los Vatos Locos ( Picudo Charly Manson and Espiritu ) Team Japan ( Naomichi Marufuji Minoru Tanaka and Genki Horiguchi ) and Los Vipers ( Histeria Psicosis II and Maniaco ) in one of the feature bouts at VIII .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Iowa State University	Ames	Title : Program Manager Employer : Iowa State University Location : Ames IA United States Posted : Nov 02 .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Energy	Samuel Bodman	U.S. Secretary of Energy Samuel Bodman announced that the Department of Energy would match NTI grant with an additional $ 3 million of support .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	Swiss Chalet	Cara Operations	Swiss Chalet is among the holdings of Cara Operations which also owns the fast food chain Harvey's .
org:alternate_names(e1,e2)	22nd Marine Expeditionary Unit	MEU	The 22nd Marine Expeditionary Unit ( 22nd MEU ) is one of seven Marine Expeditionary Units currently in existence in the United States Marine Corps .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Moon Landrieu	Housing and Urban Development	In 1979 she was appointed as a White House Fellow by President Jimmy Carter serving as a Special Assistant to former New Orleans Mayor Moon Landrieu who served as Secretary of Housing and Urban Development .
per:origin(e2,e1)	Georgian	Koba Gogoladze	Scotland's Alex Arthur is treating his fight with Georgia's Georgian Koba Gogoladze for the vacant WBO interim belt as a world title fight .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Monterey Institute of International Studies	Monterey	Before his work at Brookings Dr. Gill's previous assignments included directing the East Asia programmes at the Center for Nonproliferation Studies of the Monterey Institute of International Studies in Monterey California .
org:alternate_names(e1,e2)	TAA	Australian Airlines	In 1946 Coles was appointed chair of the Australian National Airways Commission which founded TAA or Trans Australian Airlines ( later known as Australian Airlines which became the domestic arm of Qantas ) .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Dharmasoka College	Ambalangoda	Chandimal started his cricket career as a teenager at Dharmasoka College Ambalangoda .
per:cities_of_residence(e2,e1)	Melbourne	Lochie Daddo	Upon finishing school in Melbourne in 1987 Lochie Daddo began a horticulture course and worked as a landscape gardener for six months .
org:alternate_names(e1,e2)	Grambling State	Louisiana Negro Normal	He began coaching at Grambling State in 1941 when it was still the Louisiana Negro Normal and Industrial Institute and single - handedly brought the school from obscurity to international popularity .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Robert Wood Johnson University Hospital	New Brunswick	RWJMS students receive their clinical training at one of two major academic medical centers : Robert Wood Johnson University Hospital in New Brunswick or Cooper University Hospital in Camden .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Josefa Iloilo	Fiji	She is the 4th wife of Ratu Josefa Iloilovatu Uluivuda ( better known simply as Ratu Josefa Iloilo ) who has been Fiji 's President since 2000 .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	James Jackson	Georgia	Among those critics was James Jackson of Georgia who also attempted to refute the report by quoting from The Federalist Papers .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	South Australia	Adelaide College of Divinity	The National Office was last based in South Australia part of the campus of the Adelaide College of Divinity at Brooklyn Park South Australia .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	ERNESTO ZEDILLO	Mexico	Pres. ERNESTO ZEDILLO Mexico .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Staff	Alexander Haig	Kissinger immediately passed the message to White House Chief of Staff Alexander Haig who met with Nixon for 20 minutes around 10:30 pm and reportedly empowered Kissinger to take any necessary action .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	ime minis	in the favor	Chaudhry Shujaat Hussain ( Urdu : ; 27 January 1946 ) is a senior conservative figure and business oligarch who previously served as the 14th Pr ime minis ter of Pakistan from 30 June 2004 until voluntarily stepping down on 28 August 2004 in the favor of Shaukat Aziz .
per:title(e1,e2)	Joseph Sweeney	actor	Joseph Sweeney ( July 26 1884 November 25 1963 ) was an American actor who worked in stage production television and movies .
org:members(e1,e2)	Division I	VCU	In 1985 NCAA Men's Division I Basketball Tournament VCU received an invitation to the NCAA men's basketball tournament as a # 2 seed in its region the highest seeding that the team has ever earned .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Aqua	Universal Music	They renamed themselves Aqua choosing the name seen on a poster for an aquarium in their dressing room and eventually accepted Universal Music Denmark's offer of a recording contract in 1996 .
org:members(e2,e1)	Ole Miss Rebels	University of Mississippi	The 2012 13 Ole Miss Rebels men's basketball team represented the University of Mississippi in the 2012 13 college basketball season .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Her	Pakistan	Her widower Asif Ali Zardari led her Pakistan People's Party to election victory in February 2008 and he is now head of state .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Guns N ' Roses	Izzy Stradlin	On Down the Road is a studio album released by the former Guns N ' Roses guitarist Izzy Stradlin in August 21 2002 .
org:top_members/employees(e2,e1)	Victor Fung	Li Fung	Victor Fung chairman of Hong Kong-based trading company Li Fung said the whole world has to pull together .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Paulus	State	Since April 2000 Paulus has served on the Oregon State Capitol Foundation Board .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	France	Manu Chao	Mano Negra was a music band in France during 1987 1995 fronted by Manu Chao .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Southern Cross University	Lismore	Discovered in 1993 by GoldRats Rugby Union Club of Southern Cross University Lismore New South Wales whilst studying coastal and fisheries management he then moved onto the Tuggeranong Vikings Rugby Union Club in Canberra he made the 1994 Australian Capital Territory ( ACT ) Under-21s and then the Australian Universities team .
no_relation	ICL	India	The ICL viewed as a rival body to Board of Control for Cricket in India is organizing a Twenty-20 event said to feature top international stars and Indian youngsters including former West Indies batsman Brian Lara .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Fugees	he	Jean who leaped to fame with The Fugees before going solo was mobbed for photos as he toured the prison and gave inmates tips on the basketball court .
per:title(e1,e2)	Manager	Graphic Designer	****** ( Bahrain ) 137 -- Cat Sitter ( Cairo ) 138 -- Manager Coaching Mentoring and Leader Training for the BEST ( Cairo ) 139 -- ****** English Teacher needed ****** ( Cairo ) 140 -- Wanted English Language Teacher ( Dammam ) 141 -- Projects Manager ( Dammam ) 142 -- Graphic Designer ( Dammam ) 143 -- Executive Secretary ( Khobar ) 144 -- BARBER ( Khobar ) 145 -- Urgently need Executive Secretary for Al-Khobar ( Khobar ) 146 -- JOB OFFER . . !!!!!
org:members(e2,e1)	Iraq national football team	Iraq Football Association	In December 2012 after the resignation of Iraq national football team coach Zico and being one week from the 2012 WAFF Championship kickoff an emergency call made by Iraq Football Association to appoint Hakeem Shaker to be Iraq national football team temporary coach and caretaker until a new coach would be appointed .
no_relation	Milwaukee	Marquette University High School	He began coaching eighth-graders at St. Sebastian Grade School in Milwaukee then coached freshmen boys at Marquette University High School .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Stat Quo	Aftermath	In 2011 Stat Quo was cited at Dr. Dre's Aftermath Entertainment website as a songwriter on Aftermath Entertainment .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e2,e1)	Kentucky	Mitch McConnell	Before coming to the White House Jennings 29 was political director for three successful campaigns in Kentucky : George W. Bush's first presidential bid in 2000 Sen. Mitch McConnell 's reelection in 2002 and Gov. Ernie Fletcher's campaign in 2003 .
org:members(e2,e1)	club	Cypriot Second Division	In both the 1983 84 and 1997 98 seasons the club had spent just one season in the second tier of Cypriot football only to win the Cypriot Second Division title each time and return to the Cypriot First Division .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Justice	Clemente Mastella	The premier had already been scheduled to brief lawmakers about the politically charged question of Italy's justice system in the wake of a corruption scandal which embroiled Justice Minister Clemente Mastella who resigned last week .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Navy	Donald C. Winter	England was succeeded as Secretary of the Navy by Donald C. Winter .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	Air New Zealand	Air Nelson	Air New Zealand then announced that the Air Nelson maintenance facility would also handle fellow subsidiary Mount Cook Airline's fleet of ATR 72-500/600 aircraft .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Operation Ivy	California	Operation Ivy was an American ska punk band formed in Berkeley California in 1987 .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	France	Nicolas Sarkozy	France 's President Nicolas Sarkozy said Saturday that France and Germany have exactly the same view on the financial crisis at a news conference with Chancellor Angela Merkel .
org:city_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	New Haven	Yale University	In February 2009 Blue State Coffee opened two more stores : one in the Brown University Bookstore and another in New Haven near Yale University In May 2010 Blue State Coffee opened a fourth store in New Haven again close to Yale University .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Jagan	Guyana	Jagan again won the colonial elections in 1957 and 1961 ; despite Britain's shift to a reconsideration of its view of the left-wing Jagan as a Soviet-style communist at this time the United States pressured the British to withhold Guyana 's independence until an alternative to Jagan could be identified supported and brought into office .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Oregon House	Jeff Merkley	Unfortunately for Novick the Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee has chosen to back Oregon House Speaker Jeff Merkley in the May 20 primary and has directed nearly US$ ( euro66 ) to his campaign .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	1980	Carlos Cavazo	In 1980 DuBrow formed a band he named DuBrow which also included brothers Tony and Carlos Cavazo .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	The Four Tops	Levi Stubbs	Later members included the returning Sylvester Potts and Dennis Edwards.With the return of Sylvester Potts Lead singer Gordon then departed the group for good to be replaced by Joseph Stubbs ( brother of The Four Tops ' lead singer Levi Stubbs and the reconstituted group would continue to record with Motown through 1967 * .
no_relation	Tripura	Tripura University	Major news publications are : Sandho Tripura ( Bengali ) Tripura University - A Central University Offering Degrees in Humanities Science Commerce Law Management Engineering Medical Para-Medical Nursing Veterinary Sciences Agriculture Teacher Education Fine Arts and Crafts Music Physical Education etc. via its affiliated colleges across the State and at its own campus at Suryamoni Nagar Agartala .
per:origin(e2,e1)	Chinese	Wu Bangguo	Top Chinese leaders Hu Jintao Wu Bangguo Jia Qinglin Li Changchun Xi Jinping Li Keqiang He Guoqiang and Zhou Yongkang attended the concert .
per:title(e1,e2)	M. G. Ramachandran	actor	He is best known for his films featuring animals and has produced numerous movies with M. G. Ramachandran as lead actor .
per:country_of_birth(e1,e2)	Vladimir Putin	Russia	President Vladimir Putin says Russia will not support any solution on Kosovo's future that is not accepted by both Serbs and ethnic Albanians .
org:top_members/employees(e2,e1)	Kevin Flynn	The New York Times Company	Dwyer is the author or co-author of four books mentioned below : His latest 102 Minutes : The Untold Story of the Fight to Survive Inside the Twin Towers co-written with Kevin Flynn an editor at The New York Times Company was a 2005 National Book Award finalist .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Quicksilver	California	Almaden Quicksilver County Park is a acres ( 17 km ) park that includes the grounds of former mercury ( quicksilver ) mines adjacent to south San Jose California USA .
no_relation	27 August 1940	RAF Hornchurch	It remained on defensive duties in Scotland until 27 August 1940 when it moved on rotation to Southern England based with No 11 Group at RAF Hornchurch where it was operational from 27 August 1940 for the remaining months of the Battle of Britain .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	India	Desai	After India 's first nuclear explosion in 1974 Smiling Buddha Desai helped restore friendly relations with China and Pakistan and vowed to avoid armed conflict such as Indo-Pakistani war of 1971 .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	nese warlord Zh	Repub	The Sino-Soviet conflict of 1929 ( 1929 | ) was a minor armed conflict between the Soviet Union and Chi nese warlord Zh ang Xueliang of the Repub lic of China over the Manchurian Chinese Eastern Railway .
org:founded(e1,e2)	Galatasaray University	n 199	Galatasaray University or Galatasaray ( ) is a Turkish university established in ?stanbul Turkey i n 199 2 following an agreement signed with the presence of President Mitterrand of France and President Turgut of Turkey during a ceremony at Galatasaray High School the mother school of the university .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e2,e1)	Alberta	Alison Redford	Richardson announced his resignation from the House of Commons on May 30 2012 in order to accept a job working for Alberta Premier Alison Redford .
per:title(e2,e1)	Energy	Samuel Bodman	The United States remains determined to use diplomacy to resolve the Iranian nuclear crisis US Energy Secretary Samuel Bodman said Monday .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	Epiphone	Gibson Guitar Corporation	Epiphone is a subsidiary of the Gibson Guitar Corporation and manufactures the Les Paul and other budget models at a lower cost in Asia .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Finland	Finnair	A cabin crew strike which paralysed air traffic in Finland for two days was partially resolved Wednesday negotiators said but international flights remain grounded as talks with Finnair had yet to be reconvened .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Coventry	Terry Hall	Many notable musicians originated in Coventry including Frank Ifield Vince Hill Delia Derbyshire Jerry Dammers Terry Hall Neville Staple Hazel O'Connor Clint Mansell Julianne Regan Lee Dorrian Jen Ledger of Skillet Taz ( lead singer of the band Stereo Nation ) and Panjabi MC .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	United States	Zachary Taylor	Holbrook was appointed as the first United States Attorney for the territory by President Zachary Taylor and arrived in Oregon in May 1850 with his family .
no_relation	1855	ETH Zurich	He taught at the University of Basel from 1843 to 1855 then at the engineering school ETH Zurich .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Vietnam	Ho Chi Minh	Vietnam will take steps to organise the Olympic relay well and safely in Ho Chi Minh City Dung was quoted as saying after their meeting in Hanoi .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Universidad de Sonora	Mexico	The University of Sonora ( Universidad de Sonora abbreviated as Unison ) is located in the state of Sonora Mexico .
no_relation	Royal Jordanian	Amman	In March 1993 Yasin boarded Royal Jordanian flight 262 to Amman Jordan .
org:founded(e1,e2)	Columbian	1890	Printer Tom Carolan began publication of The Vancouver Columbian on October 10 1890 .
org:top_members/employees(e2,e1)	Yigal Carmon	Middle East Media Research Institute	In the Bin Laden tape released a few days before the November 2004 election he essentially offered a separate peace deal to U.S. states that voted against the president : Any U.S. state that does not toy with our security automatically guarantees its own security he said according to the invaluable translation by Yigal Carmon of the Middle East Media Research Institute .
org:city_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Fort Worth	Texas Christian University	Hamilton was in Fort Worth last week to meet with political science students faculty and friends of Texas Christian University .
org:city_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Tempe	US Airways	Tempe Arizona-based US Airways Group Inc. withdrew its bid for Atlanta-based Delta Air Lines Inc. after Delta's official committee of unsecured creditors said it supports Delta's plan to emerge from bankruptcy protection in the spring as a standalone carrier thus rejected US Airways ' merger offer .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Australia	Harold Holt	Labor Party Chifley Government : Liberal-Country Party Menzies Government ( 1949-1966 ) : In 1966 the Holt Liberal Government introduced the Migration Act 1966 a watershed moment in immigration reform it effectively dismantled the White Australia Policy and increased access to non-European migrants including refugees fleeing the Vietnam War.In office - Harold Holt - Australia's PMs - Australia's Prime Ministers After a review of the European policy in March 1966 Immigration Minister Hubert Opperman announced applications for migration would be accepted from well-qualified people on the basis of their suitability as settlers their ability to integrate readily and their possession of qualifications positively useful to Australia .
org:founded_by(e2,e1)	Pakistan	Army	By 2007 the percentage representation in the Pakistan Army as a whole ( officers and Other Ranks or soldiers ) was as follows : .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Maumoon Abdul Gayoom	Maldives	President Maumoon Abdul Gayoom ( born 26 December 1937 ) was elected for six consecutive terms as President of Maldives .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Taipei	Chen Shui-bian	1 ChongQing South Road Presidential Office Taipei City Host and/or main speakers : President Chen Shui-bian Organizers : Presidential Office Press Contact : 2311-3731 .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Kuwait Airways	Kuwait	Kuwait Airways ( ) is the national airline of Kuwait with its head office on the grounds of Kuwait International Airport Al Farwaniyah Governorate .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Ecuador	Lucio	The Patriotic Society Party ( PSP ) formerly the January 21 Patriotic Society ( ) is a populist and personalist political party in Ecuador led by former army colonel Lucio .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	St. Jude Medical	Minnesota	Rival defibrillator makers Medtronic Inc. and St. Jude Medical Inc. both of Minnesota have also disclosed defects in their defibrillators and the overall market for the devices has suffered in the past two years .
org:founded(e2,e1)	1982	El Diario Austral de Valdivia	The newspaper was founded in 1982 as El Diario Austral de Valdivia by the newspaper group Sociedad S.A. owned by El Mercurio .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Washington	Skagit Valley College	Licensed to broadcast from Mount Vernon Washington USA the station serves all of Skagit County ; the station is currently owned by Board of Trustees of Skagit Valley College .
per:country_of_birth(e1,e2)	Louise	France	The family returned in May 1912 and it was there that Juliette gave birth to her son who she named Joseph in honor of his father.http : / / www.titanichistoricalsociety.org/people/louise-laroche.asp In March 1995 Louise stepped aboard the Nomadic for the first time since 1912 when it carried her family to the Titanic from Cherbourg France .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Brisbane Grammar School	Queensland	In 1909 he resigned from Brisbane Grammar School to become inspector general of schools and chief educational adviser to the Queensland government retiring in 1919 .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e2,e1)	Kentucky	Mitch McConnell	Paul an eye doctor and conservative activist routed Trey Grayson Kentucky 's secretary of state and Republican Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell 's anointed favorite .
org:city_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Omaha-area	USHL	One of the current Omaha-area teams is the Omaha Lancers of the USHL .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	Nast Publications	Vogue	He held several positions with Nast Publications ; at one time he was publisher of Vogue magazine .
no_relation	Anglican	Bunbury Senior High School	5th Perth College St. Columba's College Melbourne Mediogre 5th Northmead High School1st De La Salle College ( Ashfield ) 2nd St. Francis Xavier College Random Tox 3rd Cromer High School A Bicyle Ride in Hyde Park 4th Mackellar Girls High School 5th Pymble Ladies College1st Langwarrin Secondary College Pure Imagination 2nd Lowthar Hall Anglican Community School Playing to Win 3rd Boronia Heights Secondary College Creation Mechanisation and Imagination 4th Belmont High School 5th Beaconhills College Bushfire 1st Bunbury Senior High School Changing Channels Will the Family Survive ?
no_relation	Perry Como	RCA Victor	The following is a list of selected recordings by Perry Como ( all on RCA Victor except where Ted Weems orchestra is referenced ; in those cases on Decca ) : .
per:title(e1,e2)	Alexander Ankvab	Minister	After Sergei Bagapsh succeeded Ardzinba to the Presidency in February 2005 he appointed Alexander Ankvab as Prime Minister .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Laos	Sisavang Vong	When Laos achieved independence the king of Luang Prabang Sisavang Vong became the head of state for the Kingdom of Laos .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	National Intelligence	John Michael McConnell	The following observations are drawn from the article by Lawrence Wright who interviews Director of National Intelligence John Michael McConnell .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	University of Kiel	Germany	The study led by Lothar Stramma at the University of Kiel in Germany warns that the spread of hypoxic waters that suffocate marine life are consistent with climate models forecasting what would happen as greenhouse gases accumulate .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	AIC	Arizona	Arizona International College ( AIC ) was an American liberal arts college in Tucson Arizona that existed from 1996-2005 .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Ligue Nationale de Basketball	France	He played at Le Mans Sarthe Basket in the Ligue Nationale de Basketball Pro A the top league in France from 2000 03 where he was an All-Star twice .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Houston Cougars	Houston	The 2011 Houston Cougars football team ( also known as the Houston Cougars Houston or UH ) represented the University of Houston in the 2011 NCAA Division I FBS football season .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Khmer Rouge	Pol Pot	Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon marked the 10th anniversary of the death of Khmer Rouge leader Pol Pot on Tuesday with an urgent plea that senior leaders of the brutal revolutionary regime be brought to justice .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Royal Hospital School	Suffolk	Herbert Tudor Buckland ( November 20 1869 1951 ) was a British architect best known for his seminal Arts and Crafts houses ( several of which including his own at Edgbaston Birmingham are Grade I listed ) the Elan Valley model village educational buildings such as the campus of the Royal Hospital School in Suffolk and St Hugh's College in Oxford .
per:title(e2,e1)	President	Mahmoud Abbas	Egyptian Mail : -- Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas said Tuesday that the Palestinian National Authority was committed to achieving reconciliation between factions as soon as possible highlighting Egypt's mediation to end the division .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Bosnia and Herzegovina	?eljko	Finally following the involvement of a member of the Bosnia and Herzegovina presidency ?eljko ? Pjani? finally received a Bosnian passport in early 2008 .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	University of Connecticut School of Law	Hartford	jpg Image : University of Connecticut School of Law - Hartford CT - 5 .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Cracknell	Australia	In 1980 Cracknell was appointed a Member of the Order of Australia ( AM ) .
org:members(e2,e1)	New Zealand	Tri Nations	From 1996 through 2011 Australia and South Africa competed alongside New Zealand in the Tri Nations series .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Australian Quarantine and Inspection Service	Australia	Austin was notably the National Detector Dog Trainer with the Australian Quarantine and Inspection Service for 10 years ( 1996 2006 ) where he pioneered training dogs to indicate materials that were potentially dangerous to Australia particularly food products .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	Lamborghini	Megatech	In 1994 Chrysler sold Lamborghini to Megatech the design took shape but when Megatech sold Lamborghini to the Volkswagen Group in 1998 the concept was shelved .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e2,e1)	Kentucky	McConnell	On July 9 2007 in Hopkinsville Kentucky at Fort Campbell speaking to a contingent of troops about to ship out for a 15-month deployment to Iraq McConnell said The majority of the public has decided the Iraq effort is not worth it he said .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Labor	Frances Perkins	The longest-serving Secretary of Labor since Frances Perkins 1933 45 under President Franklin D. Roosevelt Chao was the only Cabinet member who served during all eight years of the Bush Administration in the same position to which she was initially appointed .
no_relation	Oregon	Gordon Smith	During the same election Democratic Speaker of the Oregon House of Representatives Jeff Merkley defeated incumbent Republican U.S. Senator Gordon Smith by a narrow 3.35-percent margin of victory .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	his	Syria	By then his post was largely ceremonial however and he had little influence on Syria 's domestic politics thereafter .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Edmund Barton	High Court	The three parties that contested the 1901 election also contested the 1903 election with only the Protectionists changing leaders to Alfred Deakin as a result of Edmund Barton 's appointment as an inaugural judge of the newly constituted High Court of Australia .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Gilman	Iowa State University	At the usual retirement age of 70 at that time Gilman chose not to retire from Iowa State University and remained active in research until 1975 when he was 82 years old .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	Renault	Dacia	In 1997 he was named Vice President Financial Operations of Renault and participated in several key agreements for the future of the company such as negotiations with Volvo AB the joint venture with AvtoVAZ the acquisition of a majority stake in Dacia and Renault Samsung Motors and the alliance with Nissan .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	Dubai World	Istithmar	Dubai World initially said its profitable ports and related free zone operations would be exempt from the restructuring along with its private equity division Istithmar World and Infinity World Holding the co-owner of Las Vegas ' new $ 8.5 billion CityCenter hotel and casino complex .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Swanson	Navy	Swanson was laid down on 15 November 1939 by the Charleston Navy Yard .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	Nirvana	Island	Assigned to the 3rd Naval District Nirvana reported to Fort Lafayette in New York Harbor on 18 August 1917 and patrolled between City Island in the Bronx and Fort Lafayette until decommissioned on 31 December 1917 .
org:members(e2,e1)	Eighth Air Force	Barksdale Air Force Base	The Eighth Air Force moved to Barksdale Air Force Base Louisiana and the 3rd Air Division was reactivated on 1 January 1975 .
no_relation	Anderson	Suede	Anderson claimed that A New Morning . . was the first ever Suede record that was influenced in its making by drugs .
per:title(e1,e2)	Sly Stone	producer	Two well-known examples are : Sly Stone - American musician songwriter and record producer ( most famous for his role as frontman for Sly the Family Stone ) was born in Denton while singer-pianist Norah Jones raised in Grapevine TX studied jazz piano at the University of North Texas .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Jordan Telecom	Jordan	The Jordan Telecom Group ( JTG ) on Wednesday launched the third generation ( 3G ) services in Jordan .
per:title(e2,e1)	singer	Rob Halford	Owens made headlines in 1996 when he went from being a fan of the British metal act Judas Priest to being their lead singer filling the shoes of Rob Halford ( and by doing so inspiring the movie Rock Star which was later disavowed by the band ) .
per:country_of_birth(e1,e2)	Elena Paparizou	Greece	is the fifth Greek-language studio album and sixth studio album overall by Greek singer Elena Paparizou released on 3 June 2013 in Greece and Cyprus by EMI Music Greece .
org:alternate_names(e2,e1)	Hollywood	Screen Actors Guild	Hamilton currently serves on the Hollywood Board of Directors of Screen Actors Guild .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Jimmy Jam and Terry Lewis	Flyte Tyme	In 2002 J Peezy started working with Jimmy Jam and Terry Lewis at Flyte Tyme Records with members of their production team .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Browning School	New York	Elliott attended the Browning School in New York St. Paul's School in Concord N.H. and Harvard .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Tristram Dalton	Massachusetts	Tristram Dalton ( May 28 1738 May 30 1817 ) was an American politician who served as a Senator from Massachusetts .
org:alternate_names(e1,e2)	Ontario Agricultural College	University of Guelph	Kennedy was born in Cooksville Ontario and received a Bachelor of Science degree from Ontario Agricultural College ( later the University of Guelph ) in 1940 .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Chiang	Taiwan	Both his memory and image are frequently invoked by the Kuomintang which is unable to base their electoral campaign on Chiang 's successor President and KMT Chairman Lee Teng-hui because of Lee's support of Taiwan for Taiwanese .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Clan of Xymox	Netherlands	The band Clan of Xymox also known as simply Xymox formed in the Netherlands in 1981 .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	her	South Dakota	Also a ballot that she appeared on is framed next to the downstairs bathroom and her father's cavalry sword and uniform from his duties as general of the South Dakota Regiment ( the precursor to the South Dakota National Guard ) are on display .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	Mazda	North American Operations	Ford Motor Company's former 33.9 % ownership of Mazda North American Operations is an example of a controlling interest with minority shareholding that was granted by Mazda .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	Corus Entertainment	Nelvana	On May 8 2006 Ion Media Networks NBC Universal Corus Entertainment 's Nelvana unit Scholastic Books Classic Media and its Big Idea Productions unit announced plans to launch Qubo a new children's entertainment endeavor spread across all medium platforms including video-on-demand on digital cable.Press The new project features new and library programming from the partners each one producing a new series a year .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Roger Hodgson	Supertramp	In the following year Alan Simon collaborated with Roger Hodgson former co-leader and co-founder of Supertramp on the album Open The Door .
org:founded_by(e2,e1)	Charles Dow	Dow Jones Company	Charles Dow one of the founders of Dow Jones Company and The Wall Street Journal enunciated a set of ideas on the subject which are now called Dow Theory .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Watt	Interior	Watt 's tenure as Secretary of the Interior was controversial resulting primarily from his perceived hostility to environmentalism and his endorsement of the development and use of federal lands by foresting ranching and other commercial interests .
per:cities_of_residence(e2,e1)	Santa Ana	Kendall	On 5 November 2001 Jack Russell announced the end of Great White stating that he was moving on and that Great White would play one final farewell show on 31 December 2001 at the Galaxy Theatre in Santa Ana CA.Jack Russell's statement upon leaving Great White Both Kendall and McNabb rejoined the band for the farewell show recorded for a live CD titled Thank You . . Goodnight !
org:founded_by(e1,e2)	Dick Smith Electronics	Dick Smith	He is the founder of Dick Smith Electronics Dick Smith Foods and Australian Geographic and was selected as the 1986 Australian of the Year .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Finance	Wouter Bos	while Dutch Minister of Finance Wouter Bos called such a decision unacceptable saying that whatever the outcome of the referendum Iceland would still be compelled to pay back the money .
per:country_of_birth(e2,e1)	Canada	Stephen Harper	He has written five books on Ontario and Canadian politics Promised Land : Inside the Mike Harris Revolution ( 1997 ) Loyal No More : Ontario's Struggle for a Separate Destiny The Polite Revolution : Perfecting the Canadian Dream ( McClelland Stewart 2005 ) Open Shut : Why America Has Barack Obama and Canada Has Stephen Harper ( 2009 ) and The Big Shift : The Seismic Change in Canadian Politics Business and Culture and What It Means for Our Future with Darrell Bricker ( 2013 ) .
org:founded_by(e1,e2)	Fiat	Giovanni Agnelli	He names the building Agnelli House after the founder of Fiat Giovanni Agnelli .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Langston University	Langston	Bond taught at several universities while completing his doctorate including Langston University in Langston Oklahoma ; Fisk University and Dillard University in New Orleans Louisiana .
org:founded_by(e1,e2)	Iwerks Entertainment	Stan Kinsey	Don Iwerks is a former Disney executive a Disney Legend an Oscar winner and co-founder of Iwerks Entertainment along with former Disney executive Stan Kinsey .
no_relation	European Central Bank	Cyprus	The next step in the path toward adopting the euro is due to come in May when the European Commission and the European Central Bank are to assess whether Cyprus meets strict macroeconomic targets on public finance inflation interest rates and exchange rates .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	Utah Utes	University of Utah	The 2013 Utah Utes football team represents the University of Utah during the 2013 NCAA Division I FBS football season .
org:members(e2,e1)	Appalachian State Mountaineers	Division I	The 2011 Appalachian State Mountaineers football team represented Appalachian State University in the 2011 NCAA Division I FCS football season .
per:title(e2,e1)	choreographer	Debbie Allen	Meanwhile producer Steven Byrd has hired Broadway actress and choreographer Debbie Allen to direct and still plans an October opening .
per:alternate_names(e1,e2)	Walt Disney	Walter Elias Disney	Founded by Walt Disney in 1952 to oversee the production of Disneyland Park it was originally known as WED Enterprises from the initials meaning Walter Elias Disney the company founder's full name .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Interior	Giuliano Amato	According to Italian Interior Minister Giuliano Amato the extremist group trained people for planned attacks in Iraq and Afghanistan .
no_relation	Canada	Global Television Network	The show was produced by Fox Sports World Canada a Canadian international sports network owned by Shaw Media ( parent of Global Television Network ) from CKND-TV's studios in Winnipeg Manitoba .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Loyola Marymount University	California	Rev. Robert B. Lawton S.J. Ph.D. ( born May 3 1947 ) is an American Jesuit and the 14th President of Loyola Marymount University in Los Angeles California .
no_relation	Fiji National University	Fiji	Fiji National University ( FNU ) formed in 2010 as a result of a merger between six institutions in Fiji namely the Fiji Institute of Technology Fiji School of Nursing Fiji College of Advanced Education Lautoka Teachers College Fiji School of Medicine and Fiji College of Agriculture .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Cheadle High School	Staffordshire	The Cheadle Academy ( formerly Cheadle High School ) is a secondary school with academy status located in Cheadle Staffordshire in the Midlands area of England .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	HIM	Ville Valo	Rap group Three 6 Mafia also appears as well as HIM singer Ville Valo rapper Lil Wayne actor James DeBello with Kat Von D as well as NFL star Jason Taylor .
no_relation	Kiev	Archipenko	Bogomazov had an exhibition in Kiev together with Archipenko .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	Army Black Knights	United States Military Academy	The 1950 Army Black Knights football team represented the United States Military Academy .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	they	reykjavik	they then filmed a concert at L'Olympia in Paris France during the last leg of the Volta tour and a small concert in reykjavik Iceland straight after the tour had finished .
per:spouse(e2,e1)	Casey Affleck	Summer Phoenix	Casey Affleck and wife Summer Phoenix expecting second child .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	Canica	Oslo	Canica is a private holding company based in Oslo Norway created to own the RIMI grocery store chain owned by Stein Erik Hagen ( 10 % ) and his three children Caroline Marie Hagen Carl Erik Hagen and Nina Camilla Hagen ( 30 % each ) .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Nokia	Finland	Meanwhile Nokia based in Espoo Finland produces the most cell phones .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Charles Sumner	Massachusetts	In the U.S. Congress in 1856 Charles Sumner of Massachusetts criticized Stephen A. Douglas of Illinois Andrew Butler of South Carolina for the Kansas-Nebraska-Act .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	John Sherman	Treasury	She was named for John Sherman the 32nd United States Secretary of the Treasury and author of the Sherman Antitrust Act .
per:cities_of_residence(e2,e1)	Seattle	Kim Thayil	Soundgarden is an American rock band formed in Seattle Washington in 1984 by singer and rhythm guitarist Chris Cornell lead guitarist Kim Thayil and bassist Hiro Yamamoto .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Reliance Energy	Mumbai	V. R. Galkar Director Reliance Energy Limited having his office at Reliance Energy Centre Santa Cruz ( E ) Mumbai 400 055 .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Canada	Canadian Expeditionary Force	He later emigrated to Saskatchewan Canada where he fought with the Canadian Expeditionary Force in World War I. In 1936 he settled in Vancouver where he remained until his death .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Gustav Heinemann	Essen	jpg | Leunora Salihu At Schinkelstrasse No. 34 there stands the former residence of Gustav Heinemann Essen 's first elected mayor after the Second World War and the third President of the Federal Republic of Germany.Plaque by the house Moltkestrasse No. 31 is the Essen branch of the Deutsche Bundesbank ( German Federal Bank ) .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Springsteen	New Jersey	Because the Springsteen version of the song was more played on radio and because Springsteen was often associated with New Jersey it was not unusual for people to mistakenly think Springsteen had written it .
org:founded_by(e2,e1)	Denis O'Brien	Digicel	Owned by Irish telecommunications entrepreneur Denis O'Brien parent company Digicel in 2001 entered the Caribbean and now boasts a total 10.3 million subscribers across 32 markets worldwide .
org:top_members/employees(e2,e1)	Ingrid Newkirk	People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals	Notice that advocates of the misnomer are in favor of the suffering : _________________________________________________________ Web posted Friday April 27 2001 State Veterinarian PETA Head Differ On Outbreak [ . . ] On Thursday Ingrid Newkirk president of People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals renewed her claim that an outbreak of foot-and-mouth disease in the United States would benefit herds by sparing them from a tortured existence and the slaughterhouse .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	he	United Abkhazia	In early 2004 he became one of three leaders of the newly founded opposition party United Abkhazia .
no_relation	La	Lewis Clarke	La is a Pennsylvania - based independent record label established in 2006 by Lewis Clarke 's Lou Rogai .
org:members(e1,e2)	Navy	Smith Thompson	She was the only ship named for Secretary of the Navy Smith Thompson .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	L. S. Ayres	Indiana	L. S. Ayres Co Indianapolis Indiana was acquired by Associated Dry Goods Corp in 1972 .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Combs	Uptown	= = = 1989 1996 : Beginnings = = = After dropping out of Howard University in 1989 where he had majored in business Combs became an intern at New York's Uptown Records .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	John Howard	Sydney	Australian former Prime Minister John Howard who will meet the runners when they reach New York paid tribute to the group on Monday as they were farewelled in Sydney .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Sam Dave	Stax	When Something Is Wrong with My Baby is a classic hit song a soul ballad written by Isaac Hayes and David Porter sung by Sam Dave and first released in 1967 by Stax Records .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	Press and Journal	Journal	Both John Morris and John Marquis were also London Sports Editors and Chief Boxing Correspondents of major newspaper groups Morris of United Newspapers ( Yorkshire Post Lancashire Evening Post and Chronicle Echo ) and Marquis of Thomson Regional Newspapers ( The Scotsman the Western Mail the Press and Journal and The Journal ) .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	Living Sacrifice	Solid State Records	After this recording R.E.X. went bankrupt and Living Sacrifice signed onto Solid State Records seeking to widen their audience .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	Time Warner	TNT	Time Warner 's Turner Broadcasting whose television properties include TBS TNT CNN Cartoon Network and Adult Swim is also a partner along with NBC Universal's financial news channel CNBC .
per:origin(e1,e2)	Paul Lockhart	American	Sean Paul Lockhart ( born in Lewiston Idaho on October 31 1986 ) is an American model film actor and gay pornographic actor .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Suharto	Indonesia	Ibu Prawirowiharjo cultivated a close relationship with her mother a family in Suharto 's own words as well regarded and respected in the city of Solo Siti Hartinah became to be known in Indonesia as Madame Tien .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Evan Bayh	Indiana	Nelson a Democrat is drafting legislation with Republican Sen. Susan Collins of Maine and Democrat Evan Bayh of Indiana that would restrict future reconstruction dollars to loans instead of grants .
org:members(e2,e1)	The Contrast	Wicked Cool	The Contrast 's sixth album ( the first full-length album for Wicked Cool Records and featuring Little Steven as executive producer ) God of Malfunction was released on 13 April 2010 .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Liberal	Maria Minna	He defeated longtime Liberal incumbent Maria Minna by votes .
org:top_members/employees(e1,e2)	Vale	Roger Agnelli	Even as economies slow and markets tumble in the U.S. and Europe Companhia Vale do Rio Doce SA is benefiting from healthy growth in Asia the Middle East and Latin America that has spurred huge demand for ore Vale chairman Roger Agnelli told reporters .
no_relation	Florida	Florida Army National Guard	The 125 FW also operates a single WC-130H Hercules aircraft for logistical support of the wing geographically separated units ( GSUs ) of the Florida Air National Guard and additional as needed airlift support to the Florida Army National Guard .
org:founded_by(e1,e2)	Under Armour	Kevin Plank	UNDERARMOUR _ BALTIMORE _ Under Armour founder Kevin Plank has been a driven self-starter since his childhood ; when he combined that entrepreneurial energy with his love of football he created a sports apparel company that's now ready to go head-to-head with the big players .
no_relation	Chestnut Hill College	Philadelphia	Universities and colleges close to Mount Airy include Arcadia University Chestnut Hill College La Salle University The Lutheran Theological Seminary at Philadelphia Philadelphia University and Saint Joseph University .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	St. Charles High School	St. Charles	St. Charles High School is a public high school serving grades 9 through 12 in the city of St. Charles Missouri USA .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Kim Jong-il	National Defence Commission	Kim Jong-il the de facto leader of North Korea and the Chairman of the National Defence Commission ran for election in Constituency 333 .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Abacha	Nigeria	In addition to the well documented cases of mysterious disappearances and murders of political opponents the cabal of Generals Babangida and Abacha presided over a Nigeria in which some of the country's most notable intellectuals were forced to exile themselves in fear for their lives .
org:alternate_names(e2,e1)	Bank	NBG	National Bank aims to offer value to its shareholders Arapoglou said noting the NBG ranked 21st among Europe's largest banks with a capitalization of 22.5 billion euros .
no_relation	Everton	David Moyes	It was the sixth game in a row where Everton had avoided defeat after going a goal down and stretched David Moyes ' unbeaten run against Sunderland to 18 matches in his 400th Premier League game .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Hikawa	Japan	Hikawa 's song Ikken won the grand prix at the 48th Japan Record Awards on December 30 2006 .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Portugal	Portuguese Armed Forces	The armed forces of Portugal commonly known as the Portuguese Armed Forces ( Armadas Portuguesas ) encompasses a Navy ( Marinha ) an Army ( ) and an Air Force ( ) .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Ecuador	Rafael Correa	Ecuador 's government is backtracking on threats to close a television network for airing a taped conversation between President Rafael Correa and a legislator .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e2,e1)	South Dakota	Tom Daschle	Dorgan has watched a succession of brutal Senate campaigns in South Dakota one of which cost former Democratic leader Tom Daschle his seat and could probably imagine himself in the same kind of costly no-holds-barred battle this year .
org:alternate_names(e2,e1)	GAO	Government Accountability Office	GAO Report United States Government Accountability Office Seclusions and Restraints Selected Cases of Death and Abuse at Public and Private Schools and Treatment Centers May 19 2009 .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Rainbow	Joe Lynn Turner	Sunstorm is the self-titled album by the AOR/hard rock side project of former Rainbow vocalist Joe Lynn Turner .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Radovan Karad?i	t of Republika Sr	The Prosecutor v. Radovan Karad?i ? is a case before the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia in The Hague Netherlands concerning crimes allegedly committed during the Bosnian War by Radovan Karad?i? the former Presiden t of Republika Sr pska .
org:members(e2,e1)	Florida Atlantic University	NCAA	The 2002 Florida Atlantic University Owls football team represented Florida Atlantic University in the 2002 NCAA Division I-AA football season .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Milkowski	DIW	Milkowski ( 2000 ) Zorn then recorded on the Japanese DIW label and curated the Avant subsidiary label before forming Tzadik in 1995 where he was prolific in issuing several new recordings each year as well as releasing the work of many other musicians .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	his	Gatineau	A few months after his election win talks between the City of Gatineau and the Quebec government in order to strike a deal for the amount of funding for the project .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Shimon Peres	Israel	Brown is scheduled to meet his Israeli counterpart Ehud Olmert President Shimon Peres Foreign Minister Tzipi Livni and Defense Minister Ehud Barak according to a statement released from Israel Government Press Office .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Fra	Matthew Festing	Fra Matthew Festing replaces the late Fra Andrew Bertie as head of the 900-year-old charitable order .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Venezuela	Hugo	Venezuela saw the worst attack : A synagogue was desecrated Jan. 31 and Jewish leaders there have even condemned President Hugo of tolerating and even fomenting anti-Semitic sentiment .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	She	Island Records	She eventually signed a contract with Island Records UK .
org:city_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Burnaby	Simon Fraser University	Burnaby B.C. : The Gerontology Research Centre Simon Fraser University .
no_relation	Kurt Weill	Lotte Lenya	Poor designed the Crow House on South Mountain Road in New City New York for himself and designed houses or home renovations for Kurt Weill and Lotte Lenya John Houseman Burgess Meredith and Maxwell Anderson .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e2,e1)	Quebec	Jean Lesage	In addition a different route was originally planned around Sainte-Foy ( now in the west end of Quebec City ) south of Jean Lesage International Airport ( the existing segment of Autoroute 40 between St-Augustin and Autoroute 73 would have been the western end of Autoroute 440 thus explaining the exit numbering starting at 12 ) .
org:members(e2,e1)	University of Missouri	Big 12	As a senior in high school Freese was offered a scholarship to play college baseball for the University of Missouri 's baseball team competing in the Big 12 Conference of the National Collegiate Athletic Association's ( NCAA ) Division I. Feeling burned out Freese decided instead to quit the sport .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Pakistan	Liaquat Ali Khan	He is Pakistan 's longest serving Prime Minister spending days in power a record which has stood for 63 years to the present Liaquat Ali Khan was born into a Punjabi Muslim ( lit .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Albert Ho	Democratic Party	Due to the elections results Albert Ho the leader of the Democratic Party resigned as the leader citing failure to present a united front for the pan-democratic camp failure to retain seats from the previous elections and infighting between pro-democracy parties .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Peter Cetera	Chicago	Glory of Love is a 1986 Billboard Hot 100 # 1 hit song written by Peter Cetera David Foster and Cetera's wife at the time Diane Nini and recorded by Cetera shortly after he left the band Chicago to pursue a solo career .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Tommy Sheridan	Solidarity	Neither the SSP or Tommy Sheridan 's breakaway party Solidarity won seats in the 2007 elections to the Scottish Parliament .
org:city_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Greater Manchester	Bury Grammar School	He was born in Oldham Greater Manchester and attended Bury Grammar School .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Thomas Jefferson	United States	On June 12 1805 Tallmadge received a recess appointment from President Thomas Jefferson to a seat on the United States District Court for the District of New York vacated by John Sloss Hobart .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	CHEP	Brambles	The two companies began a joint venture in 1975 to operate CHEP a shipping pallet-pooling operation already run by Brambles in Australia in the UK and a second joint venture followed in the waste management sector .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	Raymond Barre	Paris	Former French prime minister Raymond Barre was in stable condition in the intensive care unit of a Paris hospital on Thursday a day after he was admitted with heart and kidney problems a family member said .
no_relation	John Sherman	Treasury	jpg | Former Ambassador William W. Phelps of New Jersey Image : Mckin.jpg | Congressmen William McKinley of Ohio The Republican candidates were former Senator Benjamin Harrison of Indiana ; Senator John Sherman of Ohio ; Russell A. Alger the former governor of Michigan ; Walter Q. Gresham of Indiana the former Secretary of the Treasury ; Senator William B. Allison of Iowa ; and Chauncey Depew of New York the president of the New York Central Railroad .
per:spouse(e1,e2)	His	Elaine Chao	His second wife whom he married in 1993 is Elaine Chao the former Secretary of Labor under George W. Bush ( the first Asian American woman to serve in the Cabinet ) .
no_relation	My	Sweden	The music video for Dancing on My Own was filmed in a studio in Stockholm Sweden .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Richard Patrick	Filter	Richard Patrick has stated on the Filter website that he has been recording songs for movies recently .
org:members(e1,e2)	/ Octone Records	Hollywood Undead	Headquartered in New York City / Octone Records is home to worldwide multi-platinum pop-rock superstars Maroon 5 platinum modern rap-rockers Hollywood Undead platinum modern-rock act Flyleaf and internationally acclaimed hip-hop artist K'naan .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	Qubo	NBC	On March 28 2012 it was announced that NBC with assistance from PBS Kids Sprout ( jointly owned by NBCUniversal PBS the Sesame Workshop and Apax Partners ) will launch a new Saturday morning pre-school block called NBC Kids which will replace the Qubo on NBC block .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	ITV News Channel	ITN	As well as consolidating its ( now 40 % ) shareholding in ITN itself the newly merged company was able to buy the final 35 % stake in the ITV News Channel from ITN 's original partners NTL in April 2004 .
per:country_of_birth(e1,e2)	David Oliver	USA	David Oliver ( USA ) 13.66 q .
org:top_members/employees(e2,e1)	Josh Smith	Weakling	Founding Champs guitarist Josh Smith was also a member of the cult San Francisco black metal band Weakling as well as fronting the power pop band The Makes Nice and playing guitar in Drunk Horse .
per:title(e2,e1)	Exchequer	Nigel Lawson	The former Chancellor of the Exchequer of Margaret Thatcher Nigel Lawson lived close to the village for some years .
per:title(e2,e1)	singer	Marisol	He was married to the Spanish actress and singer Marisol for 13 years .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	Army	Corps	Holding a line north of P'ohang - dong An ' gang-ni and Kyongju the so-called Kyongju corridor the Republic of Korea Army I Corps was unexpectedly hit with an attack by the North Korean People's Army 's II Corps part of the wider Great Naktong Offensive .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Ilfracombe Arts College	Devon	Ilfracombe Arts College is a state comprehensive school located in the North Devon town of Ilfracombe England .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	college	Australia	The college was also the first school in Australia to have its own wind tunnel used in conducting scientific experiments on fluid dynamics and atmospheric conditions .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Pakistan	Benazir Bhutto	The ruling Pakistan People's Party announced Saturday that its co-Chairman and widower of assassinated former Prime Minister Benazir Bhutto Asif Ali Zardari would run for presidency according to private DAWN NEWS TV channel .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Australia	The Lifestyle Channel	When the retitled show Property Snakes Ladders was shown in Australia the original title Property Ladder ( with the original title sequence ) was retained by The Lifestyle Channel to retain its audience .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Albert Ho	Democratic Party	Albert Ho chairman of the Democratic Party said the government would encourage unscrupulous property marketing practices if it did not intervene .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	George H. Pendleton	Ohio	George H. Pendleton : Senator from Ohio sponsored the Civil Service Reform Act in 1883 which sought to implement a merit-based program in the federal government .
per:alternate_names(e1,e2)	Mike Mizanin	The Miz	Professional wrestlers more often than not perform under ring names depicting alter egos such as Terry Bollea ( Hulk Hogan ) Mark Calaway ( The Undertaker ) Paul Levesque ( Triple H ) Mike Mizanin ( The Miz ) and Phillip Brooks ( CM Punk ) .
org:top_members/employees(e2,e1)	Richard Currie	Loblaws	Meanwhile under Loblaw president Richard Currie the company retail food operations continued to expand under a variety of regional banners that included Loblaws no frills Zehrs and Fortinos in Ontario the Real Canadian Superstore in Western Canada and the Real Atlantic Superstore and SuperValu in Atlantic Canada .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	PGP-RTB	Yugoslavia	After signing a record contract with PGP-RTB a major and high-rated music production company in Yugoslavia Brkan moved to Belgrade and lived in a hotel for sixteen months .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	North Carolina School of Science and Mathematics	Durham	Christian B McConnaughey K Bethea E Brantley S Coffey A Hammond L Harrell S Metcalf K Muehlenbein D Spruill W Brinson L McConnaughey M. Department of Pharmacology Brody School of Medicine East Carolina University Greenville NC 27858 USA ; North Carolina School of Science and Mathematics Durham NC 27811 .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Kotoko	Geneon Entertainment	is the 4th album of J-pop singer Kotoko under Geneon Entertainment .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	Coronado School of the Arts	Coronado	Coronado School of the Arts a public school-within-a-school on the campus of Coronado High School is also present on the island .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	California	Disney	For the fiscal first quarter ended Dec. 29 Burbank California - based Disney reported net income of $ 1.25 billion ( euro850 million ) or 63 cents per share compared with $ 1.70 billion ( euro1 .16 billion ) or 79 cents per share in the prior-year period .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	Her	New York	Her bit part in Annie Hall ended up on the cutting room floor and their relationship though never publicly acknowledged by Allen reportedly began when she was 17 years old and a student at New York 's Stuyvesant High School .
org:top_members/employees(e2,e1)	George Marshall	Army man	In October 1942 when United States Army Air Forces ( USAAF ) Chief of Staff Henry H. Arnold proposed to Army Chief of Staff George Marshall that an Army man be named supreme commander for the whole Allied effort in the Pacific suggesting Douglas MacArthur McNarney or Lesley McNair for the position Marshall without comment passed the request to his staff for analysis .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	NCAA	the College of William Mary	The William Mary Tribe college football team competes in the National Collegiate Athletic Association ( NCAA ) Division I Football Championship Subdivision ( formerly known as Division I-AA ) representing the College of William Mary in the Colonial Athletic Association .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Health and Human Services	Mike Leavitt	Treasury Secretary Henry Paulson will lead the US delegation and will be joined by Agriculture Secretary Ed Schafer Health and Human Services Secretary Mike Leavitt US Trade Representative Susan Schwab EPA Administrator Stephen Johnson and other officials .
per:spouse(e2,e1)	Eleanor of Provence	Henry III of England	Peter was the seventh of nine sons of Thomas I of Savoy and Marguerite of Geneva and the uncle of Eleanor of Provence queen-consort of Henry III of England .
org:members(e2,e1)	Kansas Jayhawks	Division I	The 2002 03 Kansas Jayhawks men's basketball team represented the University of Kansas in the 2002-03 NCAA Division I men's basketball season which was the Jayhawks ' 105th basketball season .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Scranton High School	Scranton	His second wife was Mary Caroline Van Nort ( born 2 September 1859 ) who was in the first graduating class of Scranton High School and then became a public school teacher in Scranton .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	Ms. Jade	Philadelphia	Ms. Jade ( born Chevon Young ) is an American rapper from Philadelphia Pennsylvania .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Morocco	Abbas el Fassi	-- U.S. Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice arrives in Rabat for a visit to Morocco during which she will hold talks with Moroccan Prime Minister Abbas el Fassi and discuss regional and international efforts and anti-terror war .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Flipmode Squad	Spliff Star	It also includes a rap from Rhymes ' group the Flipmode Squad : Spliff Star Baby Sham Rah Digga and Rampage .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Regehr	Canada	Regehr was born in Lethbridge Alberta and raised in Victoria British Columbia Canada .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	Royal Cambodian Air Force	Royal Cambodian Armed Forces	The Royal Cambodian Air Force is the branch of the Royal Cambodian Armed Forces which is charged with operating all military aircraft in Cambodia .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Zhejiang University	China	In recent years Zhejiang University maintains a leading position in China in output indicators including publications patents and etc. and has made abundant important achievements in science technology humanities and social sciences .
org:alternate_names(e1,e2)	64th Brigade Support Battalion	Mountaineers	The 64th Brigade Support Battalion nicknamed Mountaineers is a United States Army Support Battalion currently assigned to the 3rd Brigade Combat Team 4th Infantry Division .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e2,e1)	Missouri	Thomas Hart Benton	After World War II the family moved to Kansas City Missouri where the young Hopper attended Saturday art classes at the Kansas City Art Institute taught by Thomas Hart Benton .
per:alternate_names(e1,e2)	Man Parrish	Manuel Joseph Parrish	Man Parrish ( born Manuel Joseph Parrish May 6 1958 ) is an American composer songwriter vocalist and producer .
org:alternate_names(e1,e2)	Pacific Southwest Airlines	PSA	Later moving back to private practice in San Diego he made a name for himself by proving that Pacific Southwest Airlines ( PSA ) was liable for a mid-air plane crash over San Diego in 1978 then the worst aviation disaster in U.S. history .
per:title(e2,e1)	Actress	Jacquetta	Windsor has since revealed that she was initially opposed to the storyline : Actress and writer Jacquetta May who played the character Rachel Kominski between 1991 and 1993 has discussed the storyline and the role of women in an article about EastEnders .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	Eva Braun	Berlin	The general belief is that Hitler took a cyanide pill and then shot himself dying with his 33-year-old wife Eva Braun on April 30 1945 to escape being captured by the Soviets as they closed in on Berlin .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Joseph Goebbels	Public Enlightenment and Propaganda	Ronald Howard was convinced the order to shoot down Howard's airliner came directly from Joseph Goebbels Minister of Public Enlightenment and Propaganda in Nazi Germany who had been ridiculed in one of Howard's films and who believed Howard to be the most dangerous British propagandist .
org:members(e2,e1)	4th Pennsylvania Reserve Regiment	Union	The 4th Pennsylvania Reserve Regiment also known as the 33rd Pennsylvania Volunteer Infantry Regiment was an infantry regiment that served in the Union Army during the American Civil War .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	UK	Bathstore	The Greater Watford area is home to British Waterways Vinci UK ( who bought Taylor Woodrow Construction in 2008 ) the UK of the international firm Total Oil retailers TK Maxx Bathstore Majestic Wine Mothercare Costco UK and Smiths Detection Iveco UK BrightHouse ( at Abbots Langley ) Leavesden Film Studios Sanyo UK Europcar UK Olympus UK Kenwood and Beko electronic goods manufacturers Wetherspoons pub chains the European HQ of the Hilton hotel group and Waters ; in Garston is the UK headquarters of the Seventh-day Adventist Church on the A412 and the Building Research Establishment .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	Karnataka University	University of Agricultural Sciences	Dharwad is home to the Karnataka University and the University of Agricultural Sciences ( UAS ) as well as numerous other colleges .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	Air Europa	Air Dominicana	Air Europa was the parent company for Air Dominicana the new flag carrier of the Dominican Republic until bankruptcy was declared on 21 September 2009 .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Gaston Flosse	French Polynesia	Gaston Flosse was then elected president of French Polynesia by the territorial assembly on 23 February 2008 with the support of the pro-independence party led by Oscar Temaru while Oscar Temaru was elected speaker of the territorial assembly with the support of the anti-independence party led by Gaston Flosse .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Navajo Nation Council	Lawrence T. Morgan	Two term Speaker of the Navajo Nation Council Lawrence T. Morgan ran for a 3rd term as Speaker of the Council while running against Fort Defiance Council Delegate Harold Wauneka in a run-off .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	Rembrandt	Amsterdam	In his paintings and prints he exhibited knowledge of classical iconography which he molded to fit the requirements of his own experience ; thus the depiction of a biblical scene was informed by Rembrandt 's knowledge of the specific text his assimilation of classical composition and his observations of Amsterdam 's Jewish population .
no_relation	Ontario Teachers ' Pension Plan	Maple Leaf Sports Entertainment	On December 9 2011 the Ontario Teachers ' Pension Plan announced that it would sell its majority stake in Maple Leaf Sports Entertainment to two major telecommunications companies ; Bell Canada ( TSN's main parent company ) and Rogers Communications ( owners of the competing Sportsnet chain of sports channels ) with a 37.5 % share each ( Larry Tanenbaum will increase his ownership to a quarter of the company as well ) in a deal expected to be valued at around $ 1.32 billion in total .
per:spouse(e2,e1)	Brad Paisley	Kimberly Williams-Paisley	Brad Paisley has stated that his wife Kimberly Williams-Paisley was the basis for this song and appears in the music video .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Johnny Cash	Columbia	Johnny Cash and His Woman is the 45th overal album by American country singers Johnny Cash and June Carter Cash released on Columbia Records in 1973 ( see 1973 in music ) .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Ghulam Ishaq Khan	Pakistan	Its Chairmen included outstanding civil servants like Ghulam Ishaq Khan Ghulam Faruque and Aftab Ghulam Nabi Kazi who were subsequently President of Pakistan Minister for Commerce and Economic Adviser respectively .
no_relation	Paisley	Royal Alexandra Hospital	NHS Greater Glasgow and Clyde is the National Health Service Board serving Paisley and the town's main hospital with accident and emergency facilities is the Royal Alexandra Hospital .
org:founded(e1,e2)	AMEC	1982	AMEC was formed from the 1982 amalgamation of Leonard Fairclough Son ( founded 1883 ) and the William Press Group ( founded 1913 ) .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Athens High School	Troy	He attended Athens High School in Troy Michigan and is a certified executive and pastry chef .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Snow Patrol	Gary Lightbody	The Daily Telegraph gave the song a very positive review saying that it's another duet with Snow Patrol singer Gary Lightbody Swift goes further than merely absorbing trendy sounds .
org:alternate_names(e1,e2)	MTV	Canada	Pepsi Breakout was a Canadian television series broadcast on A-Channel MTV Canada and Toronto One .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Envision Financial	British Columbia	Envision Financial a division of First West Credit Union is a member-owned financial institution based in British Columbia Canada .
no_relation	Telenor	Kyivstar	The ruling represents a victory for rival Telenor a Norwegian telecoms company which has been embroiled in a long-running spat with billionaire Mikhail Fridman's Alfa over Kyivstar .
no_relation	Karl Renner	135	Karl Renner and Adolf ( Socialist Party of Austria Democrats and Revolutionary Socialists ) Leopold Kunschak ( Austria's People's Party Christian Social People's Party ) and Johann Koplenig ( Communist Party of Austria ) declared Austria's secession from the Third Reich by the Declaration of Independence on 27 April 1945 and set up a provisional government in Vienna under state Chancellor Renner the same day with the approval of the victorious Red Army and backed by Joseph Stalin.Lonnie Johnson 135 6 ( The date is officially named the birthday of the second republic . ) .
no_relation	Sabah	Mustapha bin Harun	A native guerrilla group in Kudat off the northern tip of Sabah was led by Mustapha bin Harun ( full name : Tun Datu Mustapha bin Harun who was later to become a Chief Minister of Sabah ) .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	Henry Chapman Mercer	Doylestown	Fonthill was the home of the American archeologist and tile maker Henry Chapman Mercer in Doylestown Pennsylvania .
org:founded_by(e2,e1)	Hornby	Meccano Magazine	In addition to Meccano Hornby developed and manufactured a number of other model kits and toys including : In 1916 Hornby launched a monthly publication Meccano Magazine which remained in circulation for over sixty years and in 1930 he formed the Meccano Guild an amalgamation of Meccano clubs from all over the world .
per:spouse(e2,e1)	Shaw	Ava Gardner	Shaw had eight wives mostly sexpots -- Ava Gardner Lana Turner Evelyn Keyes the novelist Kathleen Winsor .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Ingvar Carlsson	Sweden	The Summit was proposed in 1989 by Prime Minister Brian Mulroney of Canada President Mohammed Hosni Mubarak of Egypt President Moussa Traore of Mali President Carlos Salinas de Gortari of Mexico Prime Minister Benazir Bhutto of Pakistan and Prime Minister Ingvar Carlsson of Sweden .
per:title(e2,e1)	President	Lahoud	In 2004 he declared himself a nominee for the Presidency of Lebanon however due to a Syrian-engineered constitutional amendment extending the term of President Lahoud he was unable to run .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Sias International University	China	Gary Lee Todd ( Ph.D. in History from University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign and Professor of History at Sias International University in Xinzheng Henan China ) provides the following images of coins issued during the Western Han and Xin periods on his website : File : S-88 or 82 W Han banliang Empress Gao 187-180 34mm .
per:alternate_names(e1,e2)	James I of Scotland	James	In the 15th century the castle was again captured by King James I of Scotland when the Chief of the Clan Donald Lord of the Isles was broken by King James I. The MacDonalds were allowed to keep possession of the castle .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Marco van Basten	Netherlands	Marco van Basten to quit as Netherlands coach after Euro 2008 .
no_relation	Darren Emerson	Underworld	During this decade Wright also worked part time as a roadie for Vegetable Vision who created visuals for various electronic music bands such as Chemical Brothers Darren Emerson Underworld and Andrew Weatherall .
no_relation	Marine Atlantic	Newfoundland	From its inception in 1986 until 1997 Marine Atlantic operated the following routes : Marine Atlantic operated the Newfoundland Dockyard a dry dock located in St. John's from 1986 until its sale in 1997 .
org:alternate_names(e2,e1)	California State University	CSUDH	California State University Dominguez Hills ( abbreviated CSUDH or CSU Dominguez Hills ) is a public university located in the South Bay region of Los Angeles County and was founded in 1960 .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Cyrus the Great	Egypt	She bore four children for Cyrus the Great ( Cyrus II ) : Cambyses II who succeeded his father and conquered Egypt Smerdis ( Bardiya ) who also reigned as the king of Persia for a short time a daughter name Atossa later to wed Darius the Great ( Darius I ) and another daughter named Roxana .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Azerbaijan Architecture and Construction University	Azerbaijan	Azerbaijan Architecture and Construction University ( AACU ; ) is a state university located in Baku Azerbaijan specializing in civil engineering and architecture .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Verve	Fitzgerald	The Peterson trio also served as the house band for Norman Granz's Verve record label and on Granz's Jazz at the Philharmonic concerts accompanying Fitzgerald and such instrumentalists as Dizzy Gillespie Ben Webster and Roy Eldridge .
org:top_members/employees(e1,e2)	Lotus Engineering Ltd.	Colin Chapman	The company was formed as Lotus Engineering Ltd. by engineers Colin Chapman and Colin Dare both graduates of University College London in 1952 .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Germany	University of	Born 1959 in Germany he studied mathematics and physics at the University of .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	University of Sussex	United Kingdom	Sup ' Biotech has partnership with universities abroad including : Tunisia Private University University of California at San Diego de Monterrey Institute of Technology and Higher Education Partenaires University of Essex University of Sussex in United Kingdom . . Sup ' Biotech has opened a Bioinformatics laboratory in September 2010 called Bio Information Research Laboratory which purpose is the research at the interface between computing and biotechnology and also a cellular models laboratory .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Willes Little Flower School	Bangladesh	Willes Little Flower School and College is one of the first English medium school in the heart of Dhaka Bangladesh and was established in 1956 by Philanthropist Josephine Willes .
per:title(e1,e2)	Robert Lee McCollum	musician	Robert Lee McCollum ( November 30 1909 November 5 1967 ) Thedeadrockstarsclub.com - accessed November 2009 was an American blues musician who played and recorded under the pseudonyms Robert Lee McCoy and Robert Nighthawk .
per:country_of_birth(e1,e2)	Nawaz Sharif	Pakistan	The PPP meeting was called in the wake of Nawaz Sharif 's reported plan to end his exile and return to Pakistan early next month .
org:members(e1,e2)	IRA	IRA Army Council	The GAC in turn elects a 12-member IRA Executive which selects seven volunteers to form the IRA Army Council .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	group	California	The group has its headquarters in Rosemead California .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Lithuania	Valdas Adamkus	Poland's Lech Kaczynski and Lithuania 's Valdas Adamkus met at a ceremony at the Budzisko Kalwaria border checkpoint .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Nigel Lawson	Exchequer	Lawson is the daughter of Nigel Lawson the former Chancellor of the Exchequer and Vanessa Salmon whose family owned the J. Lyons and Co. business empire .
org:founded_by(e1,e2)	JYP Entertainment	South Korea in	JYP Entertainment ( JYP Co. Ltd. Hangul : ) is a Korean record label founded in South Korea in 1997 by Park Jin Young .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Collingwood	Bob Rose	Recruited from West Heidelberg McKenna credited Collingwood coach Bob Rose for patiently helping to shape him into the champion footballer he was to become .
per:country_of_birth(e1,e2)	Daniel Ortega	Nicaragua	Its name was changed once more in February 2007 to its current name by President Daniel Ortega in honor of Nicaragua 's national hero Augusto Sandino .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	University of Delaware Press	United States	The University of Delaware Press ( UDP ) is a publishing house and a department of the University of Delaware in the United States whose main campus is at Newark Delaware where the University Press is also based .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Maldives	Maumoon Abdul Gayoom	In November 2004 Pakistan Prime Minister Shaukat Aziz visited the Maldives and met with President Maumoon Abdul Gayoom .
org:alternate_names(e2,e1)	Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries	OPEC	Muhith said of the credit the Asian Development Bank committed million U.S. dollars and disbursed 839.65 million U.S. dollars till November 9 the International Development Association committed 121.70 million U.S. dollars and disbursed 177.49 million U.S. dollars the Islamic Development Bank disbursed 5.37 million U.S. dollars International Fund for Agricultural Development committed 22 million U.S. dollars and disbursed 2.23 million U.S. dollars Japan disbursed 19.36 million U.S. dollars Kuwait disbursed 0.80 million U.S. dollars and Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries ( OPEC ) disbursed 1.31 million U.S. dollars .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	G-Unit	Tony Yayo	On December 31 2002 G-Unit rappers Tony Yayo and 50 Cent were arrested for illegal weapon possession .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	St Virgil	JSHAA	St Virgil 's is affiliated with the Junior School Heads Association of Australia ( JSHAA ) the Association of Heads of Independent Schools of Australia ( AHISA ) and is a member of the Sports Association of Tasmanian Independent Schools ( SATIS ) .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Wu	Central Committee	Wu also Standing Committee member of the Political Bureau of the Communist Party of China ( CPC ) Central Committee hailed China - Laos political and economic ties saying the relationship had progressed to a new stage .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	Interflora	FTD	Together Interflora FTD and Fleurop provide an international flower delivery network .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	John Zorn	Naked City	John Zorn ( ) ( ) ( ) A Shot In The Dark ( ) ( ) ( ) Naked City ( ) ( ) ( ) Elektra Nonesuch + [ 1989 .
org:members(e2,e1)	Montclair State University	New Jersey	Montclair State University athletics are in the NCAA Division III in the New Jersey Athletic Conference ( NJAC ) .
org:top_members/employees(e2,e1)	Martin Baron	The Boston Globe	Martin Baron known as Marty is an American journalist who has been the editor of The Boston Globe since July 2 2001 .
per:spouse(e2,e1)	Mendes	Winslet	Revolutionary Road marks the first time Mendes has worked with his wife despite Winslet 's efforts to do that for years .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Standard Oil	Ohio	Rockefeller founded Standard Oil as an Ohio partnership with his brother William along with Henry Flagler Jabez Bostwick chemist Samuel Andrews and a silent partner Stephen V. Harkness .
per:alternate_names(e2,e1)	Akbar	Akbar the Great	As in the Gujarat and other styles thede the tomb of Akbar 's father Humayun and the Tomb of Akbar the Great at Sikandra near Agra .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Ursuline College	Ohio	Ursuline College in Pepper Pike Ohio was founded in 1871 by the Ursuline Sisters of Cleveland .
per:spouse(e1,e2)	Margaret of Denmark	James	One of his descendants Margaret of Denmark married James III of Scotland introducing Sweyn's bloodline into the Scottish Royal blood line .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Lucie Arnaz	Roman Catholic Immaculate Heart High School	Lucie Arnaz was born and raised in Los Angeles and attended the Roman Catholic Immaculate Heart High School .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Tamara de Lempicka	Poland	I only knew a handful of these Polish artists before hand ( Stanislaw Ignacy Witkiewicz Tamara de Lempicka and Jacek Malczewski ) and my knowledge of Poland was limited to ; Napoleon's battle at Austerlitz Germany's invasion and occupation of Poland in WWII and the tragic destruction of Warsaw in 1944 - after its second uprising ( the first being the tormented and bloody Jewish uprising of 1943 ) and finally a vague knowledge of Poland under the Communists the Solidarity movement Pope John Paul II - and this ravaged and abused countries recent emergence as a European democracy .
org:founded(e1,e2)	Immigration and Naturalization Service	2003	Avoiding churches is unofficial policy for federal immigration officials according to Doris Meissner a former commissioner at the Immigration and Naturalization Service the agency that oversaw immigration until the Department of Homeland Security was formed in 2003 .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	NATO	Joint Command Lisbon	The region is also a technology and service incubator with the purposeful creation of many science technology research institutions and business parks including : Taguspark ( a science and technology park ) ; the Jamor ; and the Instituto Gulbenkian de ( a private research institution ) in addition to : Several security and governmental institutions are also within the vicinity : the NATO command post ( Joint Command Lisbon ) ; Escola Infante D. Henrique maritime academy ; and a pole of the Instituto Nacional dos Recursos responsible for agrarian research the Nacional ( National Agronomy Station ) are all located within the municipality .
per:title(e1,e2)	Ecevit	journalist	Mustafa Ecevit ( ; 28 May 1925 5 November 2006 ) was a Turkish politician poet writer scholar and journalist who was the leader of Republican People's Party ( CHP ) later of the Democratic Left Party ( DSP ) and four-time Prime Minister of Turkey .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Serzh Sargsyan	Armenia	Serzh Sargsyan ( ; born June 30 1954Official biography of Serzh Sargsyan ) is the third and current President of Armenia .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	University of Aberdeen	Scotland	New research carried out at the University of Aberdeen in Scotland led by Professor Chris Linington showed that some people with MS have specific antibodies ( a type of immune molecule ) which attack nerve fibres .
per:title(e1,e2)	Smollett	actress	If they should ever make a movie of Anne Moody's great memoir Coming of Age in Mississippi ( and I hope they do ) Smollett is the actress for the lead role .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	H. Otto Wittpenn	Jersey City	He was a Secretary to Mayor H. Otto Wittpenn Jersey City New Jersey from 1911 to 1913 .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Judge	New York	He was Chief Judge of the New York Court of Appeals in 1868 .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Ecuador	Rafael Correa	An ex-bishop who ended 61 years of one-party conservative rule in Paraguay Fernando Lugo was sworn in on Friday as the poor South American nation's president.Fellow leftwing leaders including Venezuela's Hugo Chavez Brazil's Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva Argentina's Cristina Kirchner Chile's Michele Bachelet Bolivia's Evo Morales and Ecuador 's Rafael Correa attended the ceremony in Asuncion .
org:city_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	LA	Tulane University	Thomas Beller lives with his wife and child in New York City and New Orleans LA where he teaches at Tulane University .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Mogae	Botswana	Only a fortnight ago Mogae launched the Diamond Trading Company Botswana ( DTCB ) an equal joint venture between De Beers and the Gaborone government which will end the practice of sending diamonds mined in Botswana to De Beers ' London-based main Diamond Trading Company for sorting and marketing .
per:title(e1,e2)	nd Ante Markov	hen Prime Minis	At the time of the attack Croatian President Franjo Tu?man was in the building meeting Stjepan Mesi? then President of the Presidency of Yugoslavia a nd Ante Markov i? t hen Prime Minis ter of Yugoslavia but none of them were injured in the attack .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Estonia national basketball team	Estonia	He has also been the coach of Estonia national basketball team leading it to the EuroBasket 2001 which Estonia finished 16th .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Arkansas Democratic Party	Bill Gwatney	Police are exploring possible links between gunman Timothy Dale Johnson 50 and Arkansas Democratic Party chairman Bill Gwatney 48 .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Disney	Burbank	In 2002 a fire broke out on the Disney 's Burbank lot damaging a sound stage where a set was under construction for Disney's feature film Pirates of the Caribbean : The Curse of the Black Pearl ( 2003 ) .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	He	USA	He left the club following relegation in 1985 for the USA at the age of 26 and joined the Minnesota Strikers on a three year contract in the Major Indoor Soccer League ( MISL ) .
org:top_members/employees(e2,e1)	Anna Wintour	Vogue	In 1981 she met Anna Wintour then fashion director of U.S. Vogue and was hired as her assistant .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Santo	Mexico	Santo Domingo Armenta is a town and municipality in Oaxaca in south-western Mexico .
no_relation	National Textile University	Punjab	College University http://www.ilmkidunya.com/inst/inst_detail_info.asp?instID=153 ITHM College http://www.ilmkidunya.com/inst/inst_detail_info.asp?instID=217 M.A. Jinnah Group of Colleges http://www.ilmkidunya.com/inst/inst_detail_info.asp?instID=290 National College of Textile Education http://www.ilmkidunya.com/inst/inst_detail_info.asp?instID=291 National Textile University http://www.ilmkidunya.com/inst/inst_detail_info.asp?instID=156 Pakistan College of Commerce http://www.ilmkidunya.com/inst/inst_detail_info.asp?instID=292 Punjab Medical College http://www.ilmkidunya.com/inst/inst_detail_info.asp?instID=155 Shiblee College of Commerce Science http://www.ilmkidunya.com/inst/inst_detail_info.asp?instID=293 The City College of Commerce http://www.ilmkidunya.com/inst/inst_detail_info.asp?instID=287 University College for Women Faisalabad ( UCF ) http://www.ilmkidunya.com/inst/inst_detail_info.asp?instID=197 University of Faisalabad http://www.ilmkidunya.com/inst/inst_detail_info.asp?instID=196 * Gujranwala * GIFT University http://www.ilmkidunya.com/inst/inst_detail_info.asp?instID=202 Govt .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Taiwan	NCC	The commission will meet its policy goal when broadband services are available to all tribal villages in Taiwan 's remote areas in 2010 according to an NCC news release .
org:top_members/employees(e2,e1)	Kroenke	Colorado Rapids	If that was to happen Kroenke the owner of Major League Soccer's Colorado Rapids basketball team Denver Nuggets and ice hockey side Colorado Avalanche would become the biggest shareholder in the Gunners currently valued at 420 million pounds ( 846 million dollars ) .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Iowa	Tom Harkin	One of Iowa 's own senators Tom Harkin sought the Democratic nomination that year causing his rivals to cede the state to him and focus on New Hampshire .
org:city_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Pomona	Cal Poly Pomona Broncos	It is notable for its prominent use representing Cal Poly Pomona 's athletic teams the Cal Poly Pomona Broncos .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Botswana	Ian Khama	Botswana President Ian Khama on Sunday promised to tackle high housing prices which are beyond the reach of most people during a rally ahead of elections on October 16 .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	VMI	US	The Superintendent of VMI is normally a Lieutenant General of the unorganized Virginia militia unless he or she is a regular US military officer of higher rank .
per:country_of_birth(e2,e1)	Mexico	Bravo	Calixto Bravo Villaso ( born 1790 in Chilpancingo Guerrero - died April 5 1878 in Mexico City ) was a Mexican colonel he was a cousin of Bravo .
no_relation	Bud Powell	Stan Getz	Potter is known for having been a member of Charlie Parker's classic quintet with Miles Davis between 1947 and 1950 ; he had first played with Parker in 1944 in Billy Eckstine's band with Dizzy Gillespie Lucky Thompson and Art Blakey.Paul Desmond Interviews Charlie Parker Potter also performed and recorded with many other notable jazz musicians including Earl Hines Artie Shaw Bud Powell Count Basie Sonny Rollins Stan Getz Max Roach Eddie Heywood Tyree Glenn Harry Sweets Edison Buck Clayton and Charles Lloyd .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	He	Tierra del Fuego Province	He sits in the Argentine Senate representing Tierra del Fuego Province in the majority block of the Front for Victory and was formerly governor of that province .
no_relation	South	London	The South Koreans had some confidence going in following a 1-0 victory over European champions Greece in London last month .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	State	Lawrence Eagleburger	Yet according to former acting US Secretary of State Lawrence Eagleburger domestic political considerations -- the 1992 election campaign between William Clinton and George Bush ?
no_relation	Allegiance	WA	The next month Allegiance won one the ' Most Popular ' band award at the local WA music industry awards .
per:cities_of_residence(e2,e1)	Lombardy	Roberto Formigoni	The bid to nix the sale to Air France-KLM is led by the president of Italy's Lombardy region Roberto Formigoni a deputy of Berlusconi's Forza Italia party .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	France	Faure	These exilees would only return to France after President Faure 's amnesty in February 1895 .
org:alternate_names(e2,e1)	oil group	Yukos	Russia is to sell off the major foreign assets of bankrupt oil group Yukos at auction in August with a starting price of just under 300 million dollars Russia's Federal Property Fund announced Saturday .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Baltimore City	Curt Anderson	Harris was endorsed by United States Senator Ben Cardin Baltimore City delegation chairman Curt Anderson and the Baltimore Afro American newspaper .
per:title(e2,e1)	director	Ted Demme	Chapman was discovered by the late director Ted Demme and was cast as Mickey Pat in Monument Ave. ( 1998 ) .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e2,e1)	Kentucky	Mitch McConnell	Cross 1A At the time of his retirement he was the longest-serving senator in Kentucky 's history a mark that was surpassed by Mitch McConnell in 2009 .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	The Rolling Stones	Brian Jones	The Rolling Stones in their first incarnation frequently featured interlocking rhythm guitars played by Keith Richards and Brian Jones in which each musician would play a different rhythm guitar part .
org:top_members/employees(e1,e2)	Speedway Motorsports	Bruton Smith	The track was put up for auction by Speedway Motorsports Inc and chairman Bruton Smith .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Prince Chichibu	Japan	( also called Prince Chichibu Memorial Stadium ) in the Aoyama district of central Tokyo is the spiritual home of Japanese rugby union and the headquarters of the Japan Rugby Football Union .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Bucaram	Ecuador	Bucaram Junior is the son of Bucaram a former president of Ecuador .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Paul Tsongas	Massachusetts	Former U.S. Senator Paul Tsongas ( Massachusetts ) highlighted his political independence and fiscal conservatism .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Eastwood	California	In 1998 Eastwood was host of a television show that was put together by the California Teachers Association .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	He	Connecticut	He also served in the Connecticut House of Representatives from 1831 to 1832 and in 1834 .
per:title(e2,e1)	President	Gloria Macapagal-Arroyo	It was signed into law by President Gloria Macapagal-Arroyo on January 23 2002 .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Brooklyn	Martin Bisi	They recorded and released their fourth full-length album Barriers and Passages at B.C. Studios in Brooklyn with engineer Martin Bisi who had previously worked with John Zorn and Sonic Youth .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Air New Zealand	New Zealand	Air New Zealand is 76 percent owned by the New Zealand government after it was bailed out of near-bankruptcy by a billion-dollar cash injection in 1991 .
per:title(e2,e1)	musician	Paul McCartney	Woman is the first solo album by British musician Mike McGear ( spelled Michael on the cover ) brother of former-Beatle Paul McCartney who also co-wrote a song but is credited as a friend .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Ziegler School of Rabbinic Studies	California	Rabbis ordained by Jewish Theological Seminary of America the Ziegler School of Rabbinic Studies at the American Jewish University ( California ) The Seminario Latinoamericano ( Buenos Aires Argentina ) and The Schechter Rabbinical Seminary ( Jerusalem Israel ) automatically become members of the RA upon their ordination .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Freddie Hubbard	Blue Note	Hub Cap is the third album by trumpeter Freddie Hubbard and was released on the Blue Note label in 1961 as BLP 4073 and BST 84073 .
org:city_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Glen Ellyn	Glenbard West High School	Filiaggi grew up in Glen Ellyn Illinois where in 1986 she graduated from Glenbard West High School .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Albert Ho	China Human Rights Lawyers Concern Group	Albert Ho a Hong Kong lawmaker and chairman of China Human Rights Lawyers Concern Group said the US must stand up for human rights and not be cowed by China's growing economic might .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Gabriel Videla	Chile	started to campaign early but two days before the internal primaries of his party Gabriel Videla ( who was the ambassador to Brazil ) returned to Chile to dispute him the nomination .
per:cities_of_residence(e2,e1)	Chicago	Walter S. Gurnee	The president of the railroad former Chicago mayor Walter S. Gurnee speculated on land in Lake County spurring the development of railway suburbs along the line .
org:top_members/employees(e2,e1)	Said Irandoust	AIT	On 8 September 2009 a state-of-the-art facility of the Center of Excellence in Nanotechnology at AIT was jointly inaugurated by Prof. Said Irandoust AIT President and Dr. Paritud Bhandhubanyong Director National Metal and Materials Technology Center .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	n Zvonko Pantovi	t; Osvaja	Because its founder was former Osvaja?i frontma n Zvonko Pantovi ? the band was during the 1999 - 2003 period typically referred to as just t; Osvaja ?i which caused confusion among fans .
per:spouse(e2,e1)	Peter Sellers	Britt Ekland	She is the only child from the marriage of actor Peter Sellers and actress Britt Ekland .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Ecuador	Rafael Correa	Ecuador 's leftist president Rafael Correa openly stated at the time that he wanted the document to allow same-sex unions .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	It	Michigan	It is one of two public law schools in the state of Michigan .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Midhurst Grammar School	West Sussex	She attended the independent Roman Catholic all-girls Convent of the Sacred Heart ( now called Woldingham School ) in Woldingham Surrey then Midhurst Grammar School in West Sussex .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	CNBC Pakistan	Pakistan	These channels include Class CNBC in Italy CNBC-e in Turkey CNBC Arabiya in the UAE Nikkei CNBC in Japan CNBC-TV18 and CNBC Awaaz in India CNBC Pakistan and Samaa TV in Pakistan and TVN CNBC in Poland .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	she	Greece	In 1982 she was selected to represent Greece in the Europalia '82 festival in Brussels together with Sotiria Bellou George Dalaras and Margarita Zorbala .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Denbighshire Hussars	United Kingdom	The 3/1st Denbighshire Hussars was formed in 1915 and also remained in the United Kingdom before being disbanded in 1917 .
per:title(e1,e2)	Marc Ravalomanana	leader	Madagascar's elected president Marc Ravalomanana was toppled by opposition leader Andry Rajoelina in March following street protests in the capital .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Korea University	South Korea	Korea University is particularly well known for its College of Law which is widely considered to be one of the most prestigious undergraduate law programs in South Korea .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Pennsylvania	Pennsylvania Department of Transportation	Pennsylvania Route 290 ( designated by the Pennsylvania Department of Transportation as SR 290 ) is a long state highway located in the environs of Erie Pennsylvania .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Andy Griffith	North Carolina	The Andy Griffith Museum is located in Mount Airy North Carolina a half mile from Griffith's childhood home .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Finance	Carstens	The extreme violence is jeopardizing foreign investment in Mexico and the Finance Minister Carstens said that the deteriorating security alone is reducing gross domestic product annually by 1 % in Mexico Latin America's second-largest economy .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Iceland	Geir Haarde	Iceland 's former Prime Minister Geir Haarde has been referred to a special court in a move that could make him the first world leader to be charged in connection with the global financial crisis .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Alfred Gusenbauer	Austria	With the new government under Federal Chancellor Alfred Gusenbauer the former BMaA was renamed to better reflect and express the interconnection networking partnership and solidarity characterising Austria 's international relations as former Minister Plassnik put it .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Pakistan	Nawaz Sharif	On July 2012 Pakistan Muslim League-Nawaz ( PML-N ) chief Nawaz Sharif said here on Wednesday night that there was no US apology on the killing of Pakistani soldiers and he would join the protest against the reopening of Nato supplies .
org:city_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Istanbul	Revolution Brigades	Attendees at the Istanbul meeting included representatives of the 1920 Revolution Brigades and the al-Rashideen Army which were among the Sunni insurgent groups formed to fight the U.S. occupation .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Lee Ranaldo	Sonic Youth	In June 2009 Fender announced Lee Ranaldo and Thurston Moore signature Jazzmasters in honour of the guitarists of Sonic Youth .
org:alternate_names(e1,e2)	U.S. Lecce	Lecce	He made his Serie A debut for U.S. Lecce on 31 May 2009 when he started the game against Genoa Lecce eventually lost the game 1-4 .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Richard Carpenter	Carpenters	Yesterday Once More written by Richard Carpenter and John Bettis is a hit song by The Carpenters from their 1973 album Now Then .
no_relation	Western Union	1851	The station was originally built as the terminus of the Birmingham and Gloucester Railway in 1840 but the arrival of the ( broad gauge ) Bristol and Gloucester Railway and Cheltenham and Great Western Union Railway in 1844 and then conversion to a through station for the South Wales Railway in 1851 resulted in a very complex layout .
org:alternate_names(e1,e2)	Armstrong Whitworth	Armstrong Siddeley	In April 1919 Siddeley-Deasy was bought out by Armstrong Whitworth Development Company of Newcastle upon Tyne and in May 1919 became Armstrong Siddeley Motors Ltd a subsidiary with J. D. Siddeley as Managing Director .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Maung Aye	SPDC	Maung Aye who is vice-chairman of the ruling State Peace and Development Council ( SPDC ) made the remarks when addressing a closing ceremony of the 4th Intake of the Defense Services Institute of Nursing and Paramedical Science Tuesday in the new capital of Nay Pyi Taw the New Light of Myanmar reported .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Salk Institute	Jacob Bronowski	He spent his last years as a fellow of the Salk Institute in San Diego alongside his old friend Jacob Bronowski .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Keith Bain	Progressive Conservative	As a member of the Nova Scotia Liberal Party Sampson won the Nova Scotia general election 2003 against Keith Bain of the Progressive Conservative Association of Nova Scotia .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Clark University	Arthur Gordon Webster	She completed her doctoral studies in physics in 1922 at Clark University with Arthur Gordon Webster with thesis research done at Massachusetts Institute of Technology .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	FC Punjab Police	Punjab	FC Punjab Police more commonly called The Policemen is an Indian institutional football club based in Jalandhar Punjab ( India ) .
org:founded_by(e1,e2)	Monitor Group	Mark Fuller	Monitor Group was founded in 1983 by six entrepreneurs with ties to Harvard Business School including Michael Porter Mark Fuller and Joseph Fuller .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	he	Episode Six	Although the band played several local popular music venues they did not find success so in April 1965 he decided to join Hatch End based Episode Six .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Joey Kramer	Aerosmith	In addition a drum solo by Joey Kramer occurred during the middle of the set and at most concerts Joe Perry performed a duel against the Guitar Hero : Aerosmith version of himself like the previous year's Guitar Hero Aerosmith Tour before performing a song in which he sang lead vocals ( either Stop Messin ' Around Red House or Combination ) .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Indonesia	Suharto	After persuasion from Western countries ( including from US president Gerald Ford and Australian prime minister Gough Whitlam during their visits to Indonesia ) Suharto decided to intervene to prevent establishment of a communist state .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Thirsty Ear	Matthew Shipp	Thirsty Ear Recordings has stayed very active in the 2010s putting out Matthew Shipp ( Elastic Aspects ) Nils Petter Molvaer ( Baboon Moon ) Black Music Disaster ( S/T ) Greg Ward ( Phonic Juggernaut ) and others .
org:city_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Novosibirsk	Novosibirsk State University	He was the founder and first director of the Institute of Mathematics at Akademgorodok near Novosibirsk which was later to bear his name and played an important role in the establishment and development of Novosibirsk State University .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Stanley Baldwin	Worcestershire	He lost the Chesterfield seat at the 1935 general election but after the retirement in 1937 of Stanley Baldwin he was returned to Parliament at a by-election for Baldwin's Bewdley constituency in Worcestershire .
per:spouse(e1,e2)	Henry Irving	Florence	Born in London Laurence Irving was a son of the great Victorian actor manager Sir Henry Irving and his wife Florence ( O'Callaghan ) and brother to actor manager Harry Brodribb Irving .
org:top_members/employees(e1,e2)	GlaxoSmithKline	Andrew Witty	GlaxoSmithKline promotes Andrew Witty to chief executive .
per:origin(e2,e1)	Austrian	Sigmund Freud	For the German philologist and educator see Friedrich August Eckstein Friedrich Eckstein ( February 17 1861 in Perchtoldsdorf Lower Austria - November 10 1939 in Vienna ) was an Austrian polymath theosophist and a friend and temporary co-worker of Sigmund Freud .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	Atlantic Southeast Airlines	Republic Airways Holdings	Parent company Delta Air Lines replaced Comair's service in these destinations with Atlantic Southeast Airlines a subsidiary of SkyWest Inc. and Chautauqua Airlines a subsidiary of Republic Airways Holdings .
no_relation	Magomedali Vagabov	Moscow metro	Magomedali Vagabov who is believed to have masterminded the bombings at two stations of the Moscow metro on March 29 2010 has been killed in an operation in Russia's North Caucasus republic of Dagestan local media reported on Saturday citing a statement made by the National Antiterrorist Committee .
org:founded_by(e2,e1)	Eric Carr	Kiss	Eric Carr ( Kiss ) .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	England	Brian Blessed	A member of the House of York Harry is the first son of King Richard IV of England ( Brian Blessed ) and Queen consort Gertrude of Flanders ( Elspet Gray ) and great-nephew of Richard III ( Peter Cook ) .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Ho Chi Minh	Vietnam	1945 : Vietnamese communist leader Ho Chi Minh announces the formation of the Democratic Republic of Vietnam ( DRV ) .
no_relation	MA	Boston University	In addition he studied at the UCLA California USA as a graduate student MA in Economics and MA in political economy from Boston University Boston USA in 1977 and Ph.D in economics from Boston University in 1979 .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	State	Jeremiah S. Black	Image : HoraceGreeley.png | Former Representative Horace Greeley of New York Image : JeremiahSBlack.png | Former Secretary of State Jeremiah S. Black of Pennsylvania Image : JamesABayardJr.png | Former Senator James A. Bayard of Delaware Image : William S. Groesbeck.png | Former Representative William S. Groesbeck of Ohio Horace Greeley received 686 of the 732 delegate votes cast on the first ballot .
no_relation	Westborn Market	Whirlpool Corporation	Tiara Yachts Tower Automotive Towne Club Travel Adventures TRW Automotive Holdings Two Men and a Truck International USA Jet Airlines Universal Forest Products Weather Underground ( weather service ) Westborn Market Whirlpool Corporation Williams International Wolverine Worldwide Acorn Stores ADC Telecommunications ATS Medical Alliant Techsystems Ameriprise Financial Andersen Windows Arctic Cat Inc ARS Business Solutions LLC Ballistic Recovery Systems Inc Barrel O ' Fun Snacks Bemidji Airlines Bemidji Woolen Mills Best Buy Company Inc Blue Moon Aviation Buffalo Wild Wings Caribou Coffee Carlson Companies Canterbury Park Holding Company Central Boiler C. H. Robinson Worldwide CHS Inc .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	BYU	United States	Another son Mike Lee graduated from BYU as an undergrad and a law student before clerking for Judge Dee Benson at the United States District Court District of Utah and for Justice Samuel Alito once while he was still judge on the United States Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit and once on the U.S. Supreme Court .
org:founded_by(e1,e2)	Institute for Systems Biology	Ruedi Aebersold	Dr. Aderem co-founded the Institute for Systems Biology with Leroy Hood and Ruedi Aebersold in 2000 and served as its Director until 2011 .
org:founded(e1,e2)	University of Catania	1434	The University of Catania ( ) is a university located in Catania Italy and founded in 1434 .
org:alternate_names(e2,e1)	GIGN	National Gendarmerie	Along with the GIGN it formed the GSIGN ( Groupe de et d'Intervention de la Gendarmerie Nationale Group of Security and Intervention of the National Gendarmerie ) .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Health	Chua Soi Lek	The four males and one female ages 11 months to 35 years were in stable condition and under observation after coming to Sungai Buloh Hospital on their own accord to seek treatment said a statement from Health Minister Chua Soi Lek .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	He	National Defense	He also served as the 20th Secretary of the Department of National Defense from September 16 1997 to June 30 1998 .
org:top_members/employees(e1,e2)	BNP	Chris Jackson	The BNP legal officer Lee Barnes described Griffin's performance as failing to press the attack and the Evening Standard reported a possible challenge to Griffin's leadership from a faction within the BNP linked to Chris Jackson which was dissatisfied with his performance but rated this chance of success as low .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Valdas Adamkus	Lithuania	She succeeds Valdas Adamkus who stepped down after serving 10 years as president and guiding Lithuania to membership in the EU and NATO .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Ed	England	After earning his degree at University of Edinburgh Ed went on to the London Academy of Music and Dramatic Art and began working his way up in theaters around England .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	State	Lawrence Eagleburger	According to the chair former Secretary of State Lawrence Eagleburger Sher made immediate and full restitution after self-disclosing the violation .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Tiffany	California	Sending Tweets to Friday from Tiffany 's in Hollywood California .
no_relation	Wana	telephone operator	The head of Morocco's most powerful private conglomerate with ties to the royal family was fired for its poor performance according to a board statement published in local newspapers Saturday.Named to head Omnium Nord-Africain ( ONA ) in 2005 46 - year-old Saad Bendidi was fired for poor results posted by Wana one of Omnium's companies and Morocco's third largest telephone operator .
per:spouse(e2,e1)	Hume Cronyn	Jessica Tandy	On nine occasions since 1985 awards have been presented to duos or trios including three married couples : lyricist Alan Jay Lerner and composer Frederick Loewe actors Hume Cronyn and Jessica Tandy musical-comedy duo Betty Comden and Adolph Green the Nicholas Brothers ( Fayard and Harold ) actors Paul Newman and Joanne Woodward Kander and Ebb ( John Kander and Fred Ebb ) actors Ossie Davis and Ruby Dee musicians Pete Townshend and Roger Daltrey of The Who and the members of Led Zeppelin .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	McGuinness	U2	Bono later stated that letting McGuinness book the tour before the album was finished was the worst decision that U2 ever made because it forced them to finish up the album sooner than they had wanted .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	RAC	Army	163rd Regiment Royal Armoured Corps ( 163 RAC ) was a short-lived armoured regiment of the British Army 's Royal Armoured Corps serving in India during World War II .
org:alternate_names(e1,e2)	Leeds Student	Leeds University Union	Leeds Student was formed in 1970 by the merger of the Leeds University Union newspaper ( Union News ) and the then Leeds Polytechnic Students Union newspaper but in November 2005 Leeds Metropolitan University students voted to disaffiliate from Leeds Student citing underrepresentation .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	Capstone Software	IntraCorp	Capstone Software was a subsidiary of IntraCorp a Miami-based computer and video game company .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	The Missouri Review	University of Missouri	The Missouri Review is a literary magazine founded in 1978 by the University of Missouri .
org:alternate_names(e2,e1)	RWE	npower	On 29 March 2012 E.ON and RWE npower announced that their plans to build the new power station had been shelved .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	University	Tunisia	The University of Carthage ( ) is a university located in Tunis Tunisia .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Margaret Spellings	Education	Most recently CHEA is known for its strong public opposition to various accreditation reform efforts by the U.S. Department of Education and in particular the negative reaction of Judith S. Eaton CHEA's president to recommendations by Secretary Margaret Spellings ' Commission on the Future of Higher Education .
org:top_members/employees(e1,e2)	Teaneck High School	Angela Davis	Teaneck High School Principal Angela Davis was out of the office Friday and could not be reached for comment .
per:title(e1,e2)	Ahmed Rushdi-Nisar Bazmi	director	Ahmed Rushdi-Nisar Bazmi pair and Ahmed Rushdi-Sohail Rana combination were two of the most successful singer-music director pairs of Pakistan film music .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	Qantas	Jetstar Airways	In 2003 a real world airline Qantas Airways Ltd announced a new low-cost carrier by the name of Jetstar Airways .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	England	Talbot Heath School	When Wade was 15 the family moved back to England and she went to Tunbridge Wells Girls ' Grammar School and Talbot Heath School .
org:members(e2,e1)	Westmont	Illinois	Westmont competes in the Interstate Eight Conference and Illinois High School Association .
per:cities_of_residence(e2,e1)	Paris	Dominique de Villepin	Paris public prosecutors announced Friday they would appeal against the verdict that cleared former Prime Minister Dominique de Villepin of conspiring a slander plot against President Nicolas Sarkozy .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Walt Disney	Burbank	U.S. Corporate : Disney Consumer Products part of The Walt Disney Company Burbank California .
no_relation	Bloomsbury	University College London	The Bloomsbury Theatre is a theatre on Gordon Street Bloomsbury in the London Borough of Camden owned by University College London .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Lee Myung-bak	GNP	Among a total of 10 presidential candidates Lee Myung-bak of the Grand National Party ( GNP ) Chung Dong-young of the United New Democratic Party ( UNDP ) and the independent Lee Hoi-chang are regarded as the most hopeful candidates for the next president .
per:title(e2,e1)	President	Hamid Karzai	The Independent Election Commission endeavored to prevent the massive fraud that marred 2009's presidential elections in which one million ballots for President Hamid Karzai were ruled invalid .
org:alternate_names(e1,e2)	Khost University	Shaikh Zayed University	Khost University ( ) ( nickname : Shaikh Zayed University ) is located in the border town of Khost in eastern Afghanistan .
org:members(e1,e2)	United States	Liberty	{ EXCERPT } Herkimer Evening Telegram NY - 20 minutes ago The United States Air Force Liberty Big Band will be playing at Myers Park in Herkimer at 7 pm on Wednesday Aug. 22 .
per:title(e2,e1)	President	Hifikepunye Pohamba	Kaiyamo was appointed Deputy Minister of Home Affairs and Immigration in President Hifikepunye Pohamba 's new cabinet on 21 March 2010 .
no_relation	Scott Stapp	Eddie Vedder	He was in Creed until late 2000 when personal issues with vocalist Scott Stapp led him to depart the band after criticizing Pearl Jam frontman Eddie Vedder during a radio interview though some sources state that Marshall was fired .
per:spouse(e2,e1)	Robin Ray	Susan Stranks	This LP also included a new commission George and the Dragonfly with John Kershaw words set to the music of Herbert Chappell and narrated by Robin Ray John Kershaw and Susan Stranks ( Robin Ray's wife ) .
org:top_members/employees(e1,e2)	Conservative Party of Canada	Stephen Harper	The 2004 Conservative Party of Canada leadership election took place on March 20 2004 in Toronto Ontario and resulted in the election of Stephen Harper as the first leader of the new Canadian Conservative Party .
org:founded_by(e1,e2)	E-Loan	Chris Larsen	Prosper created by E-Loan founder Chris Larsen lets lenders spread money among borrowers whose individual loans end up financed by an array of people .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Citrus College	Glendora	Waggener a transfer from Citrus College in Glendora Calif. enrolled in classes in January and was battling for the backup position when he fractured his foot in the first practice and missed the remainder of the spring .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Trinity Western University	Canada	Started in 2006 by three President's Office Interns at Trinity Western University Access Ottawa brings high school students from across the country to study faith politics and citizenship in the Canada 's capital .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Myanmar	TV Myanmar	Myanmar has one state radio station which is Radio Myanmar and two TV stations -- TV Myanmar and Myawaddy TV operated by the state and the military respectively .
per:title(e1,e2)	he	musician	many of which he had initially developed as a session musician : Ian Fortnam Dazed confused Classic Rock Magazine : Classic Rock Presents Led Zeppelin 2008 p. 41 .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Allstate	Illinois	Morales ( 48-5 34 knockouts ) will try to become the first Mexican to win boxing world championships in four weight classes when he challenges Chicago's David Diaz ( 32-1 with one draw and 17 knockouts ) for the WBC lightweight title at Allstate Arena in suburban Rosemont Illinois .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Sudan Airways	Sudan	July 8 2003 -- A Sudan Airways flight that reported technical problems after takeoff crashed about three miles from the Port Sudan airport killing 116 people .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Cochin University of Science and Technology	Kerala	Since October 2006 Dr. Louis has been at Department of Physics Cochin University of Science and Technology ( CUSAT ) in Kochi Kerala .
per:title(e2,e1)	President	Vladimir Putin	Former President Vladimir Putin pardoned scores of people but virtually abolished the practice toward the end of his presidency .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	he	Afghanistan	In 2005 he became chairman of the Meshrano Jirga Afghanistan's upper house of the National Assembly of Afghanistan and he was reappointed as member in 2011 .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Interior	Giuliano Amato	Reggiania's funeral took place on Saturday in Rome attended by Veltroni and Interior Minister Giuliano Amato .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	Scots Guards	Army	He served as second-in-command of the 1st Scots Guards in Suez then commanded 2nd Scots Guards in 4th Guards Brigade of the British Army of the Rhine .
per:title(e2,e1)	King	Edward IV of England	Her elder sister was Elizabeth Woodville who would become Queen consort of King Edward IV of England .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	Newport Television	Providence Equity Partners	On April 20 2007 Clear Channel entered into an agreement to sell its entire television stations group to Newport Television a broadcaster controlled by Providence Equity Partners .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	VGH	British Columbia	In 1959 VGH opened the Centennial Pavilion ( named in commemoration of the centennial of the founding of British Columbia as a British Crown colony in 1858 ) which at the time was the largest part of the VGH facilities .
org:founded(e1,e2)	Swindon Robins	1949	The Swindon Speedway team also known as the Swindon Robins are an English motorcycle speedway team established in 1949 that currently competes in the Elite League .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	Network	MTV	On May 21 Viacom entered into a 50 50 joint venture with Indian media company Network 18 to form Viacom 18 which will house Viacom's existing channels in India : MTV VH1 and Nick as well as Network 18's Bollywood movie business .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	Mississippi Army National Guard	Mississippi	It is along with the Mississippi Army National Guard an element of the Mississippi National Guard .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Her	Mexico	Her work was principally on canvas exhibited in various venues in Mexico City other parts of Mexico and abroad includes such as Washington DC New York Tokyo Lima Sao Paulo Madrid Barcelona Bogota and Havana .
no_relation	Manhattan Project	United Kingdom	The Manhattan Project was a research and development program during World War II led by the United States with the United Kingdom and Canada participating that attempted to produce the first atomic bomb .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Germany	Gotthard Graubner	Individual works by Darboven were already included in the Documenta 5 6 and 7 and in 1982 she represented the Federal Republic of Germany at the Venice Biennale ( along with Gotthard Graubner and Wolfgang Laib ) .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	McClory	Ireland	In 1975 McClory and Richard Harris took out a full page ad in the Nassau Tribune demanding an end to internment without trial in Northern Ireland .
org:top_members/employees(e1,e2)	Sonny Cher	Cher	Sonny Cher 's Greatest Hits contained Sonny and Cher 's hit songs from their three studio albums and their soundtrack album Good Times .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	?eslovas	he Seim	?eslovas as ( born 18 May 1938 ) is a Lithuanian politician and the former Speaker of t he Seim as the Lithuanian parliament .
org:founded_by(e2,e1)	Al-Waleed bin Talal	Kingdom Holding company	Saudi billionaire Prince Al-Waleed bin Talal plans to sell shares of his Kingdom Holding company in an initial public offering for 5 percent of the capital Saudi Arabia's stock exchange said in a statement Wednesday .
org:alternate_names(e2,e1)	CP	Canadian Pacific Airlines	Another transfer of licensing authority from CP Air ( formerly Canadian Pacific Airlines ) to Pacific Western provided the Company with routes throughout the Interior of B.C. in 1969 and the acquisition and control of B.C. Air Lines in September of 1970 enabled the Company to supply expanded air service to routes in the B.C. Interior and on the coast .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Lebanon	Fouad Siniora	He is due to conclude his regional tour with a visit to Lebanon for talks with Prime Minister Fouad Siniora and his political opponent Parliament speaker Nabih Berri .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Max Baucus	Montana	Three Democratic senators -- Max Baucus of Montana Thomas R. Carper of Delaware and Robert Menendez of New Jersey -- joined all the Republicans on the panel in defeating the amendment by a vote of 13-10 .
org:alternate_names(e1,e2)	Spalding University	Nazareth College	When Spalding University originally called Nazareth College opened in 1920 its sole building was the 1871 structure known as the Tompkins-Buchanan-Rankin House .
org:top_members/employees(e2,e1)	Per Schlingmann	Moderate Party	If this result stands we will have an uncertain situation said Per Schlingmann a spokesman for the prime minister's Moderate Party .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Miami	Manny Diaz	Although the names of several Latinos and African Americans ( including Miami Mayor Manny Diaz and Atlanta Mayor Shirley Franklin ) had been circulating and the job has often been held by a minority the post went to a white man .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Frank Lautenberg	New Jersey	The opposition already voiced on Capitol Hill to the plans for Virginia -- notably from Sens. Frank Lautenberg and Robert Menendez both New Jersey Democrats -- makes the prospect of lifting the prohibition doubtful .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Canada	Michelle Wright	In 2011 Savannah Music Canada released Wright's first live album The Wright Songs : An Acoustic Evening with Michelle Wright .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Prince	The Revolution	The biggest surprise performance was that from Prince who reunited with Wendy and Lisa from The Revolution together with Sheila E. for the performance .
no_relation	Kanslergade Agreement	Thorvald Stauning	The Kanslergade Agreement ( named after the home address of Prime Minister Thorvald Stauning in the street Kanslergade in Copenhagen ) set in motion the reforms that would establish the Scandinavian welfare model for state welfare services in Denmark .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Parker	Verve	Parker recorded extensively for three labels : Savoy Dial and Verve .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Gaston Tong Sang	French Polynesia	Many observers doubted that the alliance between the anti-independence Gaston Flosse and the pro-independence Oscar Temaru designed to prevent Gaston Tong Sang from becoming president of French Polynesia could last very long .
per:spouse(e1,e2)	Hedda Hopper	DeWolf Hopper	In the mid to late 1930s Jewell was seen at nightclubs with William Hopper ( who appeared on Perry Mason and was the son of gossip columnist Hedda Hopper and stage star DeWolf Hopper ) .
org:city_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Sudbury	Laurentian University	In 1940 he moved to Sudbury Ontario to teach history at Sacred Heart College which became part of Laurentian University in 1960 .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Klein High School	Klein	Klein High School is a public high school located in Klein Texas approximately 30 miles from downtown Houston .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Quebec	Godbout	Notable people born in include jazz musician Alain Caron and Quebec premier Godbout .
org:founded_by(e1,e2)	GEO Group	George Zoley	In February 2013 the GEO Group 's private foundation pledged US$ 6 million to company founder George Zoley 's alma mater Florida Atlantic University .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Treasury	Benjamin H. Bristow	Chandler cleaned up the Patent Office and the Department of Indian Affairs by firing all the corrupt clerks and banned bogus agents.Salinger 2005 pp. 374 375McFeeley 1981 pp. 430 431Pierson 1880 pp. 343 345 In May 1875 Secretary of Treasury Benjamin H. Bristow discovered that millions of dollars of taxes were being funneled into an illegal ring from whiskey manufacturers .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	she	Oregon House	In 1985 she became the first woman to serve as Speaker of the Oregon House replacing Grattan Kerans .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono	Indonesia	At the meeting President Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono said Indonesia expects to reach agreement on national defense cooperation with Vietnam including conducting joint sea patrol and delimiting exclusive economic zone between the two countries .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Brandon High School	Florida	Spano was born in Tampa and graduated from Brandon High School and later attended the University of South Florida where he graduated with a degree in history in 1994 and the Florida State University College of Law receiving a law degree in 1998 .
no_relation	Air Mandalay	Myanma Airways	It was established as a joint venture between Air Mandalay Holdings Singapore ( 51 % ) and Myanma Airways .
per:title(e2,e1)	President	Michel Suleiman	Progressive Socialist Party leader Walid Jumblatt stated on Aug. 2 that he was terminating his alliance with the majority March 14 Alliance but he later pointed out that he would not affiliate with any political camp but rather go independent and join President Michel Suleiman .
per:title(e2,e1)	Emperor	Heraclius	It is supposed that the Emperor to whom this message was sent was Emperor Heraclius himself and that he sent it to Pope John IV .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Lee Hsien Loong	Singapore	Lee Hsien Loong ( born 10 February 1952 ) is the third and current Prime Minister of Singapore and the eldest son of Singapore's first Prime Minister Lee Kuan Yew .
per:origin(e1,e2)	Abraham Lincoln	United States	I would at this time venture to read out an excerpt of President Abraham Lincoln specially to all my listeners in the United States .
per:title(e1,e2)	Ultra Violet	designer	Several of these films featured luminaries from the 1970s New York theatre and art scene such as Ultra Violet and proponents of the London alternative scene including Eddie Tudor-Pole the artist Duggie Fields and the jewellery designer Andrew Logan .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	St. Petro Mohyla Institute	Saskatoon	Also the Church is affiliated with four residences for university students : St. Vladimir's in Toronto Ontario ; St. Petro Mohyla Institute in Saskatoon Saskatchewan ; St. John's Institute in Edmonton Alberta ; and one operating at St. Andrew's College .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Amarinder Singh	Punjab	Bhupinder Singh's grandson Captain Amarinder Singh is a politician in India and served as Chief Minister of Punjab from 2002 to 2007 .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Kuomintang	Ma Ying-jeou	Taiwan's main opposition party Kuomintang ( KMT ) will elect a new chairman in mid April following the resignation of its former leader Ma Ying-jeou on Feb. 14 .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Inara Maryland George	The Bird and the Bee	Inara Maryland George ( born July 4 1974 ) is an American singer-songwriter and musician one half of The Bird and the Bee a member of the band Merrick with Bryony Atkinson and a member of the trio The Living Sisters with Eleni Mandell and Becky Stark .
org:founded(e2,e1)	1992-5	University of Salford	Born in Manchester where he grew up he was educated at Egerton Park Community High School ( now called Denton Community College ) on Egerton Street in Denton Tameside College of Technology in Ashton-under-Lyne North East Wales Institute of Higher Education in Wrexham from 1992-5 and the University of Salford from 1995-8 .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	RAR	Australia	On 18 August 1971 Prime Minister William McMahon announced that 1 ATF would cease operations in October with the last combat elements of the regiment ( D Company 4 RAR ) returning to Australia in February 1972 .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Harris Bank	Chicago	The Royal Bank of Canada's RBC Centura unit which is mainly active in the southeastern United States Toronto-Dominion's TD Banknorth which covers the Northeast and the Bank of Montreal's Harris Bank based in Chicago have not had similar experiences .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	France	American Graduate School of International Relations and Diplomacy	Reichel previously served as Field Outreach Coordinator for Peace Action's Chicago headquarters until the fall of 2004 when he moved to France to pursue his master's degree at the American Graduate School of International Relations and Diplomacy .
per:title(e2,e1)	Prime Minister	Pakalitha Mosisili	South African President Thabo Mbeki Wednesday conveyed the country's warmest congratulations to Lesotho's Prime Minister Pakalitha Mosisili who led the ruling Lesotho Congress for Democracy ( LCD ) the government and peoples of Lesotho following their successful national general elections .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Tulane University	LA	( with essays by Maurice Berger Linda Nochlin Robert Rosenblum and Mary Anne Staniszewski ) Deborah Kass : The Warhol Project exhibition catalog Newcombe Art Gallery Tulane University New Orleans LA 1998 : Bright Deborah ed. The Passionate Camera Photography and Bodies of Desire Routledge New York NY 1997 : Schor Mira Wet On Painting Feminism and Art Culture Duke University Press Durham NC 1996 : Kleeblatt Norman L and Linda Nochlin Too Jewish ?
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Cho Chikun	Japan	Instead the media favored Cho Chikun a 9 dan professional in Japan .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Mitch McConnell	Kentucky	Republican Senate minority leader Mitch McConnell won re-election in the southern state of Kentucky on Tuesday averting what would have been a major coup for Democrats in the tightly fought Senate race .
per:title(e1,e2)	Joe	singer	Billy Joe Royal ( born April 3 1942 Valdosta Georgia United States ) is an American singer .
org:top_members/employees(e1,e2)	network	Leslie Moonves	The network 's success has been built around what Leslie Moonves the network's chief executive described as the steady accumulation of programming assets .
no_relation	Montreal	Pierre Trudeau	Demers ( born 1966 in Montreal Quebec ) is a Canadian actor best known for having portrayed Canadian Prime Minister Pierre Trudeau in the television mini-series Trudeau II : Maverick in the Making .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Vaksalaskolan	Sweden	Vaksalaskolan is a school in central Uppsala Sweden .
per:alternate_names(e1,e2)	Ali	Hasan	The whole area is demolished totally demolished another despairing resident Ali Hasan said .
no_relation	Steven Sziller	Richmond	Steven Sziller ( born 15 December 1972 ) is a former Australian rules footballer who played for St Kilda and Richmond in the Australian Football League ( AFL ) .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Nepal	Prachanda	Nemwang made this announcement after two candidates -- Chairman of the largest party Unified Communist Party of Nepal ( Maoist ) ( UCPN-M ) Prachanda and another candidate from the second largest party Nepali Congress ( NC ) Deputy President Ramchandra Paudel got rejected by majority of negative votes .
no_relation	Mangum	Orange Twin Records	Mangum has also done a few small art projects following a charity auction on eBay of an acoustic guitar decorated by Mangum himself more guitars hand-decorated by Mangum were sold via Orange Twin Records for $ 900 apiece .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	Redcats	PPR	KingSize was founded in Boston in 1950 as a specialty retailer in men extra-sized footwear and in 1995 was acquired by Redcats USA a direct mailer of special-size clothing catalogs and subsidy of PPR .
per:country_of_birth(e1,e2)	Hughes	England	Hughes was probably born in London England and entered the Portsmouth Naval Academy in 1739 .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	China Resources	Hong Kong	CR Enterprises disposed Dongguan China Resources Petrochems to Sinopec at the end of 2005 the mainland petrochemical services in October 2006 and the business in Hong Kong to Sinopec in 2007 .
per:country_of_birth(e1,e2)	Dov Feigin	Ukraine	Dov Feigin was born in 1907 in Luhansk Ukraine then part of the Russian Empire.Dov Feigin ( 1907-2000 ) His father was a tailor .
org:founded(e1,e2)	Ryanair	October 2006	Ryanair launched its takeover bid in October 2006 just days after the former Irish flagship was partly floated on the London and Dublin stock exchanges .
org:members(e1,e2)	Corps	V Corps	To their right British Eighth Army's British XIII Corps headed up highway 3 towards Terni and Perugia whilst V Corps advanced up the Adriatic coast .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Eric Mabius	ABC	Eric Mabius co-star of ABC 's Ugly Betty says he and his wife interior designer Ivy Sherman are expecting their second child .
no_relation	Energy	Samuel Bodman	In March 2006 the company publicly credited Bass with setting up a February 2006 meeting in New Hampshire between its president Steven Walker and Secretary of Energy Samuel Bodman .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Prachanda	Nepal	Prachanda was elected prime minister on last Friday with support from two other allies the Communist Party of Nepal ( Unified Marxist-Leninist ) ( CPN-UML ) and the Madhesi People's Rights Forum ( MPRF ) and most of the other smaller parties in the Constituent Assembly ( CA ) .
per:alternate_names(e1,e2)	Sophia Loren	Sofia Villani Scicolone	She is the sister of actress Sophia Loren ( born Sofia Villani Scicolone ; 20 September 1934 ) and the mother of Italian politician Alessandra Mussolini ( born 30 December 1962 ) .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Canadian Alliance	Stockwell Day	The Democratic Representative Caucus was a group of Canadian Members of Parliament who left the Canadian Alliance in 2001 in protest against the leadership of Stockwell Day .
no_relation	William Howard Taft	War	This makes sense when considering such acclaimed figures in their times as William Howard Taft who was governor general of the Philippines and secretary of war ; Herbert Hoover who oversaw relief programs across Europe after World War I ; and Dwight D. Eisenhower the five-star general who led the liberation of Europe in World War II .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	Commercial Bank of China	China Development Bank	In 1994 the Industrial and Commercial Bank of China the Bank of China the Agricultural Bank of China and the China Construction Bank were transformed into state-owned commercial banks ; and three policy-related banks were founded namely the Agricultural Development Bank of China the China Development Bank and the China Import and Export Bank .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Peter Cetera	Chicago	Recorded in Los Angeles I Stand Alone was produced by Peter Cetera the former singer and bass guitar player with American rock band Chicago .
per:spouse(e1,e2)	Khaddam	Baniyas	Khaddam is married to Najat Marqabi who is a member of a rich and well-known Baniyas family .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Kaiser Permanente	California	Kaiser Permanente the giant California hospital and insurance organization operates dozens of registries .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	G. Wayne Clough	Georgia Institute of Technology	During the ground breaking ceremony for the G. Wayne Clough Undergraduate Learning Commons building held in 2010 President Bud Peterson and University System of Georgia Chancellor Erroll B. Davis Jr. presented to Clough a proclamation declaring him President Emeritus of the Georgia Institute of Technology .
no_relation	California Surf	1981	He then signed as a free agent with the California Surf in 1981 .
org:top_members/employees(e2,e1)	Bruce Bodaken	Blue Shield of California	The train has left the station and we 'd much rather be the ones with the engineer's hat said Bruce Bodaken the chief executive of Blue Shield of California a nonprofit health plan based in San Francisco .
per:spouse(e1,e2)	George I of Great Britain	Sophia Dorothea of Celle	She was the only daughter of George Louis of Hanover later King George I of Great Britain and Sophia Dorothea of Celle .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	Soe Win	Burma	Soe Win who returned to Burma on Monday from a secret medical treatment in Singapore died at about 5:00 p.m ( local time ) sources added .
org:members(e2,e1)	Iowa State Cyclones	Iowa State University	The 2006 Iowa State Cyclones football team represented Iowa State University during the 2006 NCAA Division I FBS football season .
org:alternate_names(e2,e1)	Friends Pacific Academy	George Fox University	For two and a half years Hoover attended Friends Pacific Academy ( now George Fox University ) and then worked as an office assistant in his uncle's real estate office the Oregon Land Company in Salem Oregon .
org:members(e2,e1)	band	Lava	The band ended their contract with Interscope and signed to Lava Records who released Music in High Places as an album .
per:title(e2,e1)	actress	Victoria Rowell	The evening also includes a light dinner and reception open to the public where well-known television actress and former foster child Victoria Rowell will sign copies of her book about her life experiences and deliver a keynote address .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	de Radio-Canada	Radio-Canada	Owned by the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation it is sister to de Radio-Canada outlet CBWFT-DT ( through its Radio-Canada arm ) and both stations share studios located on Portage Avenue and Young Street in downtown Winnipeg .
org:alternate_names(e2,e1)	Universiti Pertanian Malaysia	Universiti Putra Malaysia	In 1987 MPSI was upgraded and renamed Institut Perguruan Sultan Idris ( ) or IPSI and new courses were made available leading to a degree conferred by Universiti Pertanian Malaysia ( today known as Universiti Putra Malaysia ) .
no_relation	Argentina	Kirchner	The Archivo Nacional de la Memoria ( National Archive of Memory ) is an archive set up by decree 1259/2003 of the president of Argentina Kirchner on 16 December 2003 to obtain and process data pertaining to human rights violations by the Argentine State obviously referring to events of the illegal dirty war of 1976 to 1983 waged by the state on those it perceived as its enemies .
no_relation	2003	Conservative Party of Canada	In 2003 Stairs became a spokesman for Progressive Conservative Party of Canada leader Peter MacKay .
no_relation	United States	Eve	This film showed in Singapore on 4 September 2011Myanmar Times Myanmar feature film bound for Singapore and Lose Angleas United States on 19 and 20 November 2011 as the oversea promotion events.Burmese Classic Adam Eve Ravana and Innthi Films Show Soon in US at End NovemberNetMAA Myanmar ( Burmese ) New Film Adam Eve and Datsa The film was shot in Yangon .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	Quebecor	Sun Media	Osprey Media was a Canadian newspaper regional chain that published 20 daily newspapers 34 non-daily newspapers and a number of shopping guides and magazines in the Canadian province of Ontario.http : / / ospreymedialp.com/corporate/pressreleases/2007/Press_Release_announcing_support.pdf Formerly an independent income trust it was taken over by Quebecor 's Sun Media division in 2007 .
no_relation	Godsmack	Another Animal	In 2006 former Ugly Kid Joe bandmate Shannon Larkin asked Crane to join a side project he formed with members of Godsmack ( minus Sully Erna ) called Another Animal as primary vocalist .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Gorbachev	Communist Party	Gorbachev said his greatest accomplishment as general secretary of the Communist Party in the late 1980s was putting Russia on the road to freedom .
per:title(e2,e1)	President	Chiang Ching-kuo	1982 : Jimmy Wei the national policy advisor to President Chiang Ching-kuo and former president of the Central News Agency dies of a heart attack at the age of 77 .
no_relation	NLC	John Kolawole	The communique was signed by Promise Adewusi NLC acting president Peter Esele TUC president John Odah NLC general secretary and John Kolawole secretary general of TUC .
org:members(e1,e2)	Premier League	Manchester United	With Manchester City 2 1 down the 10 men of relegation-battling Queen Park Rangers as the match proceeded into injury time it looked as if Manchester City had blown the chance to win the Premier League as rivals Manchester United were beating Sunderland .
no_relation	Peugeot	Sochaux	With Peugeot being a strong advocate for professionalism Sochaux were among the first clubs to adopt the new statute and subsequently became professional .
per:cities_of_residence(e2,e1)	Charlottesville	Thomas Jefferson	Bailey a home improvement contractor says jobs in his field are scarce in this university town of Charlottesville Virginia -- once home to two US presidents Thomas Jefferson and James Monroe .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Singapore	Lee Hsien Loong	Singapore 's Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong has urged Europe to further engage in Asia during a meeting with visiting French Senate President Christian Poncelet on Thursday .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Kevin Cadogan	Elektra	The songwriting duo of Stephan Jenkins and Kevin Cadogan signed the band's first major label recording contract with Elektra records in 1996 which was later reported as the largest publishing deal ever for an unsigned artist .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Kirchner	Argentina	Kirchner ( 1950 2010 ) former Argentine president was the only First Gentleman of Argentina married to Cristina current president of the country .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Arias	Costa Rica	Chen attended the inauguration of Arias the president of Costa Rica one of the few countries that recognized the Republic of China at that time .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Airlift Wing	United States	In August 2010 the 86th Airlift Wing became a sister wing to Poland's 3rd Airlift Wing the Poles having purchased some C-130Es aircraft from the United States .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	school	Vellore	The school has around 1400 students and about 100 staff making it one of the largest in Vellore .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	her	United States	After signing with Hollywood Records Lovato released her debut solo single Get Back which peaked at number forty-three in the United States .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	CBG	Greece	CBG continued to grow in Greece via acquisition when in it acquired a major share holding ( 29 % in 1995 ) in Bank of Attica which had been established in 1925 .
org:top_members/employees(e1,e2)	Rolling Stone	Jann Wenner	In the 1995 Rolling Stone interview during which editor Jann Wenner called Tattoo You the Stones ' most underrated album Jagger said I think it's excellent .
no_relation	National Education	Fillon	He became Minister of National Education in 2004 and proposed the much debated Fillon law on Education .
org:top_members/employees(e1,e2)	Islamic International Brigade	Ibn al-Khattab	The Invasion of Dagestan also known as the War in Dagestan and Dagestan War began when the Chechnya-based Islamic International Brigade ( IIB ) Islamist militia led by warlords Shamil Basayev and Ibn al-Khattab invaded the neighbouring Russian republic of Dagestan on August 7 1999 in support of the Shura of Dagestan separatist rebels .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Overseas Chinese Town	China	Shenzhen Overseas Chinese Town Holding Company ( ) is the owner and operator of Overseas Chinese Town in Shenzhen China .
no_relation	Orlando	Planet Hollywood	The AMC Pleasure Island 24 megaplex in Orlando situated directly across from Planet Hollywood 's most successful restaurant and retail unit and adjacent to Disney's Pleasure Island was to be the first Planet Movies location .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	Florida	Florida Army National Guard	In addition the U.S. Army's Operational Support Aircraft Command ( OSACOM ) Detachment 8 is permanently based at the airport providing airlift support with C-12 Huron aircraft to Headquarters Florida National Guard to include colocated headquarters activities of both the Florida Army National Guard and Florida Air National Guard .
per:cities_of_residence(e2,e1)	Dublin	Byrne	Three members of the band were told they would not be part of the new group and auditions were held in Dublin where Byrne and McFadden were recruited .
org:members(e1,e2)	Glendale	High Schools	PUSD has 7 high schools 4 of which are within Peoria city limits including : PUSD Peoria High Schools PUSD Glendale High Schools PUSD elementary schools within the city limits are Alta Loma Apache Cheyenne Copperwood Cotton Boll Country Meadows Coyote Hills Desert Harbor Frontier Ira Murphy Lake Pleasant Oakwood Oasis Parkridge Paseo Verde Peoria Santa Fe Sky View Sun Valley Sundance Vistancia and Zuni Hills .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	MBDA	EADS	The company is a legally independent 100 % subsidiary of MBDA which belongs to EADS BAe Systems and Finmeccanica .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Health and Human Services	Tommy Thompson	The move was seen as a response to events in Barcelona when Health and Human Services Secretary Tommy Thompson was shouted down by protestors .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Richard Squires	Newfoundland	In 1920 the government of Sir Richard Squires created Newfoundland 's Department of Education and Burke was appointed Newfoundland's Deputy Minister of Education and worked to improve teacher training .
org:city_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Finedon	Wellingborough School	Henfrey was born in Finedon Northamptonshire and was educated at the nearby Wellingborough School before going up to Jesus College Cambridge where he won a Blue for Cambridge University at football in 1890 and 1891 .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Prachanda	Nepal	This is Prachanda 's first visit to India after becoming the first elected Prime Minister of the federal republic Nepal last month .
no_relation	NO AGE	Sub Pop	NO AGE Nouns ( Sub Pop ) .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Confederation	Jefferson	Contrastingly under the Articles of Confederation in 1784 Jefferson proposed federal legislation banning slavery in the New Territories of the North and South which failed to pass Congress by one vote.William Merkel Jefferson's Failed Anti-Slavery Proviso of 1784 and the Nascence of Free Soil Constitutionalism Seton Hall Law Review Vol .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Paraguay	Juan Carlos Wasmosy	In 1994 General Rosa the head of Paraguay 's national anti-drugs agency Nacional Antidrogas ( SENAD ) was assassinated whilst delivering a report to President Juan Carlos Wasmosy .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	Kip	Denver	Kip his brothers and Fletcher also played the Denver area bar scene while calling themselves Colorado .
no_relation	Sadat	Egypt	These included an inability to bring the Jordanians into the discussions ; the controversy over settlements ; the inconclusive nature of the subsequent autonomy talks ; domestic opposition sustained by both Begin and Sadat and in Sadat case ostracism and anger from the Arab world ; the emergence of a what became a cold peace between Egypt and Israel ; and changes in foreign policy priorities including discontinuity in personnel committed to sustaining the negotiating process .
no_relation	National Taiwan University	10	The films have been performed to critical acclaim including collaborations with the Boston Pops Orchestra and Buzz Aldrin the San Francisco Symphony the National Symphony Orchestra the Czech National Symphony Orchestra the Victoria Symphony the California Symphony the Pacific Symphony the Orchestra e Coro del Teatro Regio di Torino the National Taiwan University Symphony Orchestra and the Santa Fe Symphony Orchestra and Chorus in addition to a 10 city tour in Spain .
per:title(e2,e1)	President	Hifikepunye Pohamba	In return Cuban first deputy foreign minister Bruno Rodriguez Padilla visited Namibia at the end of the same month during which time he met with several high level politicians including Gurirab Lempy Lucas Joel Kaapanda past President Sam Nujoma and current President Hifikepunye Pohamba .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	Mayo Clinic Hospital	Mayo Clinic	Hospital administrators confirmed that Dr. Adam Hansen chief resident of general surgery at the Mayo Clinic Hospital -- an affiliate of the Mayo Clinic in Minnesota -- admitted taking the photo during a Dec. 11 gallbladder surgery .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Health and Human Services	Tommy Thompson	The potential for something to happen is much greater now than it was in 2001 simply because of developments of technology and education D.A. Henderson who was principal science adviser for public health preparedness to former Health and Human Services secretary Tommy Thompson said in an interview .
no_relation	1912	BC Rail	The backup steam locomotive a 2-8-0 locomotive built for the Canadian Pacific Railway in 1912 broke down in May 2001 and for the rest of the season BC Rail used a former Canadian Pacific Railway FP7A diesel locomotive # 4069 that it had leased from the West Coast Railway Association in Squamish .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Oregon	Douglas McKay	He worked at KGW radio until 1949 when he became administrative assistant to Oregon Gov. Douglas McKay .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Cyprus College	Nicosia	Cyprus College is a for-profit college in Nicosia Cyprus .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	Kansas Jayhawks	University of Kansas	The 1999 2000 Kansas Jayhawks men's basketball team represented the University of Kansas in the 1999-2000 NCAA Division I men's basketball season which was the Jayhawks ' 102nd basketball season .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Daktronics	South Dakota	Daktronics out of Brookings South Dakota designed manufactured and installed the of full-color LED technology .
org:alternate_names(e2,e1)	auto maker	Geely Automobile	Chinese auto maker Geely Automobile Holdings Ltd said on Sept. 14 that its parent company Geely Holding Group Co. is bidding for Ford Motor's Swedish car brand Volvo .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Yitzhak Rabin	Israel	Yitzhak Rabin : A Biography Yitzhak Rabin 1922-1995 - texts relating to the assassination and funeral Yitzhak Rabin Center for Israel Studies Biography | Moving Toward Peace | The Assassination | A Nation Grieves Yitzhak Rabin Memorial Page ( The Knesset ) CNN Coverage of Rabin Funeral - November 1995 The Song for Peace .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	West Valley High School	California	West Valley High School is a high school that serves around students on the western side of Hemet California .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	I	USA	I have a suggestion ------ why do n't you ask all those millions of people who want to come here to the USA ?
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Moustakas	Greece	Born in Limassol Cyprus in 1940 Moustakas graduated from the National Theater of Greece and was known for his portrayal of offbeat neurotic yet likable characters .
no_relation	Scriptorium Fonts	Alphons Mucha	Abaddon is a typeface designed by Dave Nalle of Scriptorium Fonts inspired by the poster lettering of Art Nouveau artist Alphons Mucha .
no_relation	China Airlines	Taipei	China Airlines ( CAL ) shares closed sharply higher Monday ahead of the inauguration of passenger charter flights between Taipei 's Songshan Airport and Shanghai's Hongqiao Airport scheduled for June 14 dealers said .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Coolidge	Massachusetts	Coolidge was elected to the State Senate and the governorship of Massachusetts before being elected President of the United States .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Royal Alexandra Hospital	Paisley	Police said the Royal Alexandra Hospital in neighboring Paisley was evacuated after the suspect arrived .
org:alternate_names(e1,e2)	The Times Group	Co. Ltd.	The Times Group ( also referred as Bennett Coleman and Co. Ltd. ) is the largest mass media company in India .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Jim Corcoran	Canada	Jim Corcoran and Bertrand Gosselin released La en gigue an influential album that helped bring Quebec roots to crossover audiences across Canada the United States and Europe .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Dirk Kempthorne	Interior	Although those changes received the most attention Dirk Kempthorne replaced Gale Norton as Secretary of the Interior on May 26 Henry Paulson replaced John W. Snow as Secretary of the Treasury on July 10 and Mary Peters replaced Norm Mineta who resigned on July 7 as Secretary of Transportation on September 30 .
org:members(e2,e1)	Columbia University	NCAA	He attended Columbia University in New York where he was a member of the Columbia Lions swimming and diving team in National Collegiate Athletic Association ( NCAA ) competition .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Lee County High School	Leesburg	Lee County High School is a public school located in Leesburg Georgia USA .
per:spouse(e2,e1)	Jim Carrey	Lauren Holly	1996 : Actor Jim Carrey married actress Lauren Holly .
no_relation	The Onion	1988	Tim Keck and Christopher Johnson juniors at the University of Wisconsin Madison founded The Onion there in 1988 .
org:members(e1,e2)	NCAA	Towson University	Hopkins ' lacrosse rivals include Princeton University Syracuse University the University of Virginia and a budding rivalry with Duke University due to intense recent competition including one-goal victories over the Blue Devils in both the 2005 and 2007 NCAA Championships and in the NCAA semifinals in the 2008 ; its primary intrastate rivals are Loyola University Maryland Towson University the United States Naval Academy and the University of Maryland .
org:members(e2,e1)	McPherson College	Kansas	He was head of McPherson College 's chemistry department from 1918 to 1945 and became president of the Kansas Academy of Science in 1933 .
no_relation	Mercosur	Uruguay	Recently with the new cooperation agreement with Mercosur the Andean Community gained four new associate members : Argentina Brazil Paraguay and Uruguay .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Jefferson High School	VA	All courses will be offered at Thomas Jefferson High School for Science and Technology ; 6560 Braddock Road Alexandria VA 22312 .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Russia	Sergei Bagapsh	A Presidential election had been held in Abkhazia on 3 October but had resulted in a prolonged conflict over the results between the two main contenders Raul Khadjimba who had been Prime Minister and who was backed by the seriously ailing outgoing President Vladislav Ardzinba and by Russia and Sergei Bagapsh the main opposition candidate who had received a narrow majority of the votes .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e2,e1)	Louisiana	John Slidell	d'Erlanger was married to Matilde Slidell the daughter of Louisiana merchant lawyer and politician John Slidell .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	DuSable High School	Chicago	DuSable High School was a public 4-year high school located in the Bronzeville neighborhood on the south side of Chicago Illinois USA .
org:alternate_names(e1,e2)	Air India	Indian Airlines	A report by the Comptroller and Auditor General ( CAG ) blamed the decision to buy 111 new planes as one of the major causes of the debt troubles in Air India ; in addition it blamed on the ill timed merger with Indian Airlines as well .
org:founded(e1,e2)	CCF	1961	After the CCF became the New Democratic Party in 1961 the Quebec wing was re-founded as the New Democratic Party of Quebec ( Nouveau Parti du NPDQ ) .
org:alternate_names(e1,e2)	Bangladesh University of Business and Technology	BUBT	Bangladesh University of Business and Technology ( BUBT ) has a location in Mirpur Dhaka adjacent to Dhaka Commerce College the National Zoo and the Botanical Garden .
per:title(e2,e1)	President	Ilham Aliyev	Turkey's Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan and Azerbaijani President Ilham Aliyev also attended the signing ceremony .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Equatorial Guinea	Teodoro Obiang Nguema Mbasogo	The oil-rich and repressive central African state of Equatorial Guinea said Tuesday that it had pardoned Simon Mann a former British special forces officer jailed last year for plotting to overthrow President Teodoro Obiang Nguema Mbasogo in a conspiracy that seemed as much a throwback to the continent's past as a catalog of bungles .
org:city_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	White City	BBC	As well as the two main sites in London ( Broadcasting House and White City ) there are seven other major BBC production centres in the UK mainly specialising in different productions .
org:alternate_names(e1,e2)	Los Angeles Police Department	LAPD	The Los Angeles Police Department ( LAPD ) has acknowledged in a confidential report that the department's fingerprint experts have wrongly identified innocent people as crime suspects as a result of poor fingerprint analysis according to the Los Angeles Times .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Japan	Kuroda Seiki	Leaving the post in 1905 he studied Korean painting for several years and then traveled to Japan where he studied Western-style painting under Kuroda Seiki from 1909 to 1915 .
no_relation	It	1854	It was founded in Columbus Ohio on February 13 1854 .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Integrity	Paul Baloche	This added greatly to Integrity 's artist roster which already included notables Don Moen Hillsong Music Paul Baloche and the GRAMMY Award-winning Israel and New Breed who are part of the Integrity Label Group .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	Hongkong International Terminals Ltd.	Hutchison Whampoa	350px | thumb | right | Dock protesters camped outside Cheung Kong Center HQ of Hutchison Whampoa on day 28 ; vilification of Li Ka-ShingThe 2013 Hong Kong dock strike was a 40-day labour strike at the Kwai Tsing Container Terminal It was called by the Union of Hong Kong Dockers ( UHKD ) an affiliate of the Hong Kong Confederation of Trade Unions ( HKCTU ) on 28 March 2013 against contracting companies to whom workforce management had been out-sourced by the Hongkong International Terminals Ltd. ( HIT ) subsidiary of Hutchison Port Holdings Trust ( HPHT ) which is in turn owned by Hutchison Whampoa Ltd ( HWL ) flagship company of Li Ka-shing Hong Kong's richest man .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Khan	England	Khan from Bolton in north-west England has stopped nine of his 12 opponents to date in a promising start to a professional career that remains on course for a world title bout .
per:origin(e1,e2)	Sergei Bagapsh	Russia	Separatist leader Sergei Bagapsh has won reelection in rebel Abkhazia in a vote considered illegitimate by most of the world but hailed by Russia election officials said Sunday .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e2,e1)	Minnesota	Wheaton	After the death of Ellen in 1858 and moving to join friends in Northfield Minnesota in 1860 Wheaton married the widow Martha Elizabeth ( Archibald ) Wagener in 1861 .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	France	Charles de Freycinet	A coincident change of government in France the resignation of Charles de Freycinet and his replacement with Jules Ferry led to disputes amongst the Great Powers and despite British support for a more pro-Greek settlement the Turks subsequently granted Greece all of Thessaly but only the part of Epirus around Arta .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Thompson	Wisconsin	Thompson 65 served as Wisconsin governor from 1987 to 2001 and was head of the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services from 2001 until 2005 .
per:alternate_names(e2,e1)	Swayze	his	Swayze soldiered on working through much of his illness and spending time with wife Lisa Niemi a dancer and actress .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Simon Property Group	Indiana	The mall was built by Melvin Simon Associates ( now Simon Property Group ) of Indianapolis Indiana on Lynnhaven Parkway south of Interstate 264 ( then State Route 44 ) .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Ninja Tune	Amon Tobin	Shortly thereafter the Ninja Tune record label released a series of remixes of various sections produced by a number of prominent electronica artists including Amon Tobin Talvin Singh and DJ Spooky .
org:alternate_names(e2,e1)	Radio Corporation of America	RCA	Later that year Keith-Albee-Orpheum merged with David Sarnoff Radio Corporation of America ( RCA ) to form Radio-Keith-Orpheum Pictures ( RKO Pictures ) .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	he	Italy	In 1967 he returned to Italy to act in God Forgives . . I Do n't !
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Washington	Herbert Hoover	Representatives attending the 1921 Conference on Unemployment held in Washington D.C. President Warren Harding convened a President's Conference on Unemployment at the instigation of then Commerce Secretary Herbert Hoover as a result of rising unemployment during the recession .
no_relation	University of Eastern Finland	2010	Since 2004 he has been full professor in physical geography at the University of Joensuu and University of Eastern Finland since 2010 .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Netherlands	Maxime Verhagen	Because of the financial crisis in the Netherlands and because of the rules of the European Union that the deficit should be maximum 3 % the CDA ( Maxime Verhagen ) the VVD ( Mark Rutte ) and the PVV ( Geert Wilders ) decided to talk with each other about new severe austerity measures worth about 14 billion Euro .
per:country_of_birth(e1,e2)	Hugo	Venezuela	It's come to this in Hugo 's Venezuela : The president is pleading with people to save water by limiting their daily cleansing routine to a 3-minute `` communist shower . '' .
no_relation	Jamaica	Dennis Brown	While Brown was in the UK Gibbs released an album collecting recordings made earlier in Jamaica released as The Best of Dennis Brown and Brown's first single to get a proper UK release was issued on the Synda label - No More Will I Roam .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Blix	International Atomic Energy Agency	Blix who headed the United Nations Monitoring Verification and Inspection Commission ( UNMOVIC ) in Iraq and the International Atomic Energy Agency ( IAEA ) backs the report's assessment .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Medill	New Brunswick	Medill was born April 6 1823 in Saint John New Brunswick Canada .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	United States	Johnny Winter	They have performed throughout the United States as both headliner and as the supporting act for a diverse collection of bands including David Allan Coe Joe Perry and Johnny Winter .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Politecnico di Milano	Milan	He attended the faculty of Electronic Engineering at the Politecnico di Milano in Milan Italy from 1987 to 1992 .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Jerry Lee Lewis	Sun Records	Great Balls of Fire is a 1957 song recorded by Jerry Lee Lewis on Sun Records and featured in the 1957 movie Jamboree .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Alger	Michigan	In 1884 Alger was elected Governor of Michigan serving from January 1 1885 to January 1 1887 .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	Connex Melbourne	Veolia Environnement	Connex Melbourne was a wholly owned subsidiary of French company Veolia Environnement which had a franchise from the State Government of Victoria to operate all suburban passenger rail services in Melbourne Victoria Australia .
org:founded(e1,e2)	teal	1939	Ditching the teal and green colours that have represented the airline since it's early beginnings as Tasman Empire Airways ( TEAL ) in 1939 they instead moved to a black colour .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	Duke University Health System	Duke University	The Duke University Health System combines the Duke University School of Medicine the Duke University School of Nursing the Duke Clinic and the member hospitals into a system of research clinical care and education .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Aaron Turner	Hydra Head	Aaron Turner owner of Hydra Head Records and former Isis guitarist and vocalist described this album as one of the most engaging projects I have been involved with both musically and visually .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	Showtime	CBS Corporation	Launched in the USA on February 1996 to show independent films on television Sundance Channel was a joint venture of Showtime Networks ( part of CBS Corporation ) Universal Studios ( part of NBCUniversal ) and Robert Redford who also acted as the creative director of the network .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Karolos Papoulias	Greece	Greek President Karolos Papoulias believes Tuesday that Romania and Greece can form a Balkan group within the European Union after the Baltic or Scandinavian model .
no_relation	David	Nottingham Trent University	In 2008 David received an Honorary Degree of Doctor of Science from Nottingham Trent University in recognition of his extraordinary contribution to the cultural landscape of the UK in both economic and creative terms and for his notable support for the Nottingham City-based GameCity Festival .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Interior	Gale Norton	The Department of the Interior was represented first by Bruce Babbitt then Gale Norton Dirk Kempthorne and finally Ken Salazar .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Technical University of Denmark	Denmark	He spent most of his career as a professor at the Technical University of Denmark Denmark ( 1967 - ) after having spent five years as a researcher at the Argonne National Laboratory .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Ingvar Carlsson	Sweden	Dagbladet asserted that the list it obtained included names of high-profile people including Ingvar Carlsson the prime minister of Sweden .
org:founded_by(e1,e2)	GHQ Liaison Regiment	George Frederick Hopkinson	He was assigned to the GHQ Liaison Regiment ( known as Phantom ) a mysterious unit established by Major-General George Frederick Hopkinson commander of the 1st Airborne Division .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Togo	Gilbert Houngbo	Togo 's Prime Minister Gilbert Houngbo said in Togo's capital Lome that Angola and the African Football Confederation have not taken adequate security measures to ensure the safety of the Togolese national team .
per:origin(e2,e1)	Chilean	Salvador Allende	Isabel Allende ( also Isabel Allende Bussi born January 18 1945 Santiago ) is a Chilean Socialist Party politician and the daughter of former president of Chile Salvador Allende and his wife Hortensia Bussi .
no_relation	Arkansas	Gwatney	Clinton and her husband former President and former Arkansas Gov. Bill Clinton issued a statement calling Gwatney not only a strong chairman of Arkansas ' Democratic Party but . . also a cherished friend and confidante .
org:city_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	London	Innocent drinks	The company itself is independent based in London and was founded in 2009 by Mike Stevens and Dan Shrimpton both former employees of Innocent drinks .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Yulia Tymoshenko	Ukraine	Ukrainian Prime Minister Yulia Tymoshenko said Tuesday she was optimistic the crises that have plagued the transit of Russian natural gas via Ukraine were a thing of the past .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	United Malays National Organisation	Malaysia	He is a member of the United Malays National Organisation ( UMNO ) party in Malaysia 's ruling Barisan Nasional coalition .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Ma Ying-jeou	Kuomintang	While commenting on a leadership crisis facing President Ma Ying-jeou Hu suggested that the Kuomintang could no longer afford more losses and that help to boost support for the president was urgently needed .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	HO CHI MINH	Vietnam	HO CHI MINH CITY Vietnam 2007-03-14 09:35:39 UTC .
no_relation	Kevin Federline	Britney Spears	Britney Spears Spent Mother Day With Sean Preston Jayden James Kevin Federline Still Loves Britney Spears Dirty Secret Britney Spears How I Met Your Mother Return ( New Photos Video ) Baby Shower Exclusive Photos of Britney Jamie Lynn Spears Britney Spears Gets the Kids for Mother Day Makes Peace With K-Fed Britney Spears Fighting to Get her Kids Back Britney Spears Back With Sean Preston Jayden James Britney Spears Kevin Federline Back Together !?
no_relation	Chief Commissioner	Victoria Police	When Mitchell went to England in 1854-55 MacMahon became the acting Chief Commissioner of Victoria Police .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Albany State University	Albany	The 5 ' 10 170 pounds receiver played college football at Albany State University in Albany Georgia.Steve Carter Past Stats Statistics History and Awards - databaseFootball .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	University of Kent	Canterbury	Alixe Bovey is a lecturer in Medieval History at the University of Kent at Canterbury UK .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Republic	Yen Chia-kan	1954 : Republic of China President Chiang Kai-shek appoints Yen Chia-kan governor of Taiwan .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	28th Infantry Division	Army National Guard	The 28th Infantry Division ( Keystone ) is a unit of the Army National Guard and is the oldest division-sized unit in the armed forces of the United States .
per:title(e2,e1)	actor	Vadivelu	He performed a perfect comedy pair with actor Vadivelu in rib - tickling movies Barathi Kannama Vetri Kodi Kattu and more .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Venezuela	Jaime Lusinchi	In the Italian community actually one of the most important in Venezuela there are Presidents of Venezuela ( like Jaime Lusinchi and Leoni ) entrepreneurs ( like ing .
org:members(e2,e1)	The Golden Palominos	Restless	Dead Inside is the eighth album by The Golden Palominos released on October 8 1996 through Restless Records .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Southern University	United States	Dr. Bruce Grube was the eleventh President of Georgia Southern University a Georgia Regional University located in Statesboro Georgia United States .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	914th Airlift Wing	Air Force	To reduce costs the Lockheed C-130H Hercules aircraft are shared with the 914th Airlift Wing of the U.S. Air Force Reserve Command also stationed at Niagara Falls .
per:title(e1,e2)	Linda	musician	Linda Waterfall is an American folk musician and singer-songwriter .
no_relation	his	Popsicle Records	During this time period Star recorded Lollipop Luxury through his own record label Popsicle Records .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e2,e1)	Nebraska	Carl Curtis	He served longer in the House than anyone in Nebraska 's history and only George Norris and Carl Curtis served in both chambers longer .
org:top_members/employees(e1,e2)	Digicel	Denis O'Brien	Digicel mobile phone magnate Denis O'Brien said he had set up a fund large enough to ensure Samoa's top 40 players did not have to move elsewhere .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Northland High School	Columbus	Wells was a heavily recruited 6-foot 7-inch center from Northland High School in Columbus Ohio .
per:origin(e1,e2)	Jaroslav	Czech	Jaroslav Erno ( born Jaroslav on 15 October 1947 Prague Czechoslovakia ) is a Czech rock drummer .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Mikhail Gorbachev	Communist Party	Dec 24 : Promoted by Soviet leader Mikhail Gorbachev Yeltsin is named first secretary of the Moscow Communist Party .
no_relation	Fletcher Challenge	Fletcher Building	In 2001 Fletcher Challenge was split into three companies Fletcher Challenge Forests ( later renamed Tenon ) Fletcher Building ( incorporating Fletcher Construction ) and Rubicon ( New Zealand ) .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Canadian Tire	Canada	Since then Klein and his colleagues at Impakt have helped corporations including : Canadian Tire Corporation Husky Injection Molding Systems Hydro Ottawa McKesson Corporation National Bank of Canada Petro Canada RONA Staples Business Depot and 3M to improve the business and social outcomes of their CSR and community investment programs .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	Charest	Sherbrooke	Charest ultimately did not take up LeSage's offer and instead ran in Sherbrooke in the 1998 provincial election .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Conrad Burns	Montana	Before Craig the top Republican on the panel ( and the chairman ) was Conrad Burns of Montana who lost his reelection bid last fall .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Mikhail Gorbachev	Communist Party	Mikhail Gorbachev brought in his ally Ivashko in to replace the long-serving Volodymyr Shcherbytsky as First Secretary of the Communist Party of the Ukrainian SSR on 28 Sep 1989 .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	New Jersey Transit Bus Operations	New Jersey	The Newark Light Rail is a light rail system under New Jersey Transit Bus Operations serving Newark New Jersey .
no_relation	David Cook	26	No. 4 : The Time of My Life David Cook No. 6 : What About Now Daughtry No. 8 : Crush David Archuleta No. 15 : One Step at a Time Jordin Sparks No. 19 : Light On David Cook No. 26 : What's Right Is Right Taylor Hicks No. 29 : It's Your Love Melinda Doolittle No. 30 : My Life Would Suck Without You Kelly Clarkson .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	Michael Murphy	Los Angeles	Michael Murphy at the 2006 Toronto International Film Festival Born May 5 1938 ( 1938-05-05 ) ( age 70 ) Los Angeles California .
org:members(e2,e1)	Freehold Township High School	Freehold Regional High School District	Freehold High School ( sometimes called Freehold Boro Freehold Borough High School or Boro to distinguish it from Freehold Township High School ) is a four-year public high school located within Freehold Borough New Jersey operating as part of the Freehold Regional High School District .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	England	Margaret of Anjou	It also commemorates that in 1445 Henry VI granted the manor of Kettlebaston to William de la Pole 1st Marquess of Suffolk in return for the service of carrying a golden sceptre at the coronation of all the future Kings of England and an ivory sceptre to carry at the coronation of Margaret of Anjou and all future Queens .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Urho Kekkonen	Finland	Most commonly it is used to refer to Urho Kekkonen the President of Finland from 1956 to 1982 .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	India	Lal	The site is where India 's first prime minister Jawahar Lal Nehru promised crowds in 1948 that New Delhi would give Kashmiris the right to self-determination through a referendum -- a pledge that has not been upheld .
no_relation	President	Robert M. Kimmitt	It strikes the important balance between protecting national security in a post 9/11 world and advancing the open investment policy of President Bush Deputy Treasury Secretary Robert M. Kimmitt said in a statement .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	William Bigler	Pennsylvania	It was supported by 24 Republicans and Democrat William Bigler of Pennsylvania .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Jacques Santer	Luxembourg	Jacques Santer ( born 18 May 1937 in Wasserbillig ) is a Luxembourg politician .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	TW3	Albany	Select athletic events also air on TW3 ( Albany NY ) Television .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	RTL Group	Luxembourg	An English-language classic rock digital station from RTL Group called Radio Luxembourg began in 2005 .
org:founded(e2,e1)	2005	Nicktoons	Nickelodeon started in France in 2003 before the network's launch in 2005 with a Nicktoons block airing over Canal J .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Meredith Andrews	Word Records	Worth It All is the fourth studio album from Christian Contemporary-rock-worship musician Meredith Andrews released on January 22 2013 via Word Records .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Raila Odinga	Kenya	The Coalition for Reforms and Democracy is a coalition of multiple political parties built around the triumvirate of Raila Odinga Kalonzo Musyoka and Moses Wetangula to contest the Kenya General elections of 2013 .
org:alternate_names(e1,e2)	Oklahoma State Bureau of Investigation	OSBI	The Oklahoma State Bureau of Investigation ( OSBI ) is an independent state law enforcement agency of the government of Oklahoma .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e2,e1)	California	Nina Olivette	Stockwell was born Robert Dean Stockwell in North Hollywood Los Angeles California the younger son of Nina Olivette an actress and dancer and Harry Stockwell an actor and singer .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Windham Hill	Ackerman	Nelsen quickly helped coordinate and became assistant engineer for the recording of two Windham Hill Records albums that Ackerman was producing Eugene Friesen and Scott Cossu's Reunion and Malcolm Dalglish's Jogging the Memory .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	U.S. Army	Army National Guard	Chad Ely http://people.ronpaul2008.com/endorsements/2007/12/29/chad-ely/ U.S. Army ( 1993-1995 ) One-Year Tour at Camp Pelham ( now camp Garry Owen ) eight miles from the DMZ in South Korea ; Army National Guard from ( 1995 - 2001 ) ; VP of New Media ZCSS.com LLC .
org:members(e2,e1)	Shanghai Golden Eagles	China Baseball League	His is currently the manager of the Shanghai Golden Eagles of the China Baseball League .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Veterans Affairs	Jim Nicholson	On July 16 Veterans Affairs Secretary Jim Nicholson announced changes in the way the VA handles mental health including adding psychologists and social workers and increasing the number of drop-in treatment centers to 232 from 209 .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	he	Kentucky	It is likely that he was helped by Ronald Reagan's 21-point win in Kentucky that year .
no_relation	Hawaii	Daniel Akaka	The end result of the CNMI policy is to have a minority population governing and severely limiting the rights of the majority population who are alien in every sense of the word.On March 31 1998 Daniel Kahikina Akaka U.S. Senator of Hawaii : Statements and Speeches US Senator Daniel Akaka said : The Commonwealth shares our American flag but it does not share the American system of immigration .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	Manalapan High School	Freehold Regional High School District	Manalapan High School is a comprehensive four-year public high school located in Manalapan Township New Jersey United States operating as part of the Freehold Regional High School District .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Martti Ahtisaari	Finland	Martti Ahtisaari former president of Finland won the prize in 2008 for efforts to resolve international hostilities returning the award to its traditional aim of honoring people who work to end conflicts .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Kansas City	Funkhouser	Funkhouser eventually rejected the hybrid choosing instead to drive his privately owned vehicle himself.Mayor changes mind : no free car - Kansas City Star 19 June 2007 Funkhouser became embroiled in another controversy when it was discovered his appointed co-commissioner for the Parks and Recreation Board Frances Semler was a member of the Minuteman Civil Defense Corps .
no_relation	Kent	Times Good University	The 2013 Guardian newspaper University League Tables ( published in 2013 ) placed Kent 's ranking at 20th in the UK while The Sunday Times Good University Guide 2013 ( published 2012 ) puts Kent in 28th place .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	United States	Joe	The United States supports a united Georgia US Vice President Joe Biden said Thursday during a visit to the ex-Soviet state that lost territory after a war with Russia last year .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	he	Thailand	In the first week of February 1949 he secretly returned to Thailand .
no_relation	Lebanon	Siniora Government	On 22 August the Center for Democracy in Lebanon called upon the Lebanese people and the Siniora Government to consider a rebuilding plan for a New Beirut .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Joe Hockey	Liberal Party of Australia	The seat will be contested at the 2013 election by the sitting member Joe Hockey for the Liberal Party of Australia .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Ma Ying-jeou	Kuomintang	BEIJING Feb. 13 ( Xinhua ) -- Taiwan's major opposition party leader Ma Ying-jeou declared to resign from the post of Kuomintang 's chairman at 6:00 p.m. Tuesday after local prosecutors indicted him on charges of corruption .
no_relation	Republic	Chiang	According to current Republic of China statistics there are 30 Guesthouses on Taiwan which were used by Chiang during his lifetime .
no_relation	Skarphedinsson	Iceland	Skarphedinsson said that as an EEA member of the internal market and participant in Schengen Iceland has already completed a large part of the marathon and he is optimistic that with creativity and hard work on all sides the course will be completed .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Deal	Pixies	Deal with time off from the Pixies visited Wiggs in Brighton and they went into a London studio with Spacemen3/Spiritualized drummer Jon Mattock to record a new song called Safari .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	United Russia	Vladimir Putin	After retiring Verlin went into politics standing as a candidate for the United Russia party of Vladimir Putin .
per:origin(e2,e1)	British	Francis Crick	Leslie Barnett ( born 12 October 1920 in London United Kingdom as Margaret Leslie Collard died 10 February 2002 ) was a British biologist who worked with Francis Crick Sydney Brenner and Richard J. Watts-Tobin to genetically demonstrate the triplet nature of the code of protein translation through the Crick Brenner Barnett Watts-Tobin et al. experiment of 1961 which discovered frameshift mutations ; this insight provided early elucidation of the nature of the genetic code .
org:founded_by(e1,e2)	his UFC	Zuffa LLC	Upon his UFC debut Faber was the only WEC fighter to compete in the promotion before Zuffa LLC owned them compete exclusively for the WEC until the UFC/WEC merger and then move over to the UFC .
org:founded(e1,e2)	University of Kent	1965	Formerly called the University of Kent at Canterbury it was founded in 1965 with a smaller campus opened in 2000 in the town of Chatham .
per:origin(e1,e2)	Jonathan Meese	German	Jonathan Meese ( born January 23 1970 ) is a German painter sculptor performance artist and installation artist based in Berlin and Hamburg .
org:members(e2,e1)	Tenneco	NYSE	Tenneco shares fell $ 2.90 or 10.94 percent to close at $ 23.62 on the NYSE .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	France	Lionel Jospin	France sought to shore up its policing methods a few years ago when the government of Socialist Prime Minister Lionel Jospin introduced a neighborhood police force called police de to build links with local communities and be better positioned to take preventive action .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	University of Adelaide	Australia	He was a plant pathologist at the Victorian Department of Agriculture ( 1931 1939 ) and plant geneticist at the University of Adelaide 's Waite Agricultural Institute South Australia ( 1939 1953 ) .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Franklin Pierce	United States	Due to his active participation in the Democratic Party President Franklin Pierce appointed Burt Third Auditor of the United States Treasury Department in 1853 .
no_relation	Tun	Mahathir bin Mohamad	Past speakers at WIF-KL include current and former Malaysian Prime Ministers Tun Dr. Mahathir bin Mohamad and Dato ' Sri Haji Mohammad Najib bin Tun Haji Abdul Razak .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Stax	Sam Dave	Some of pop's most cherished recordings came out of the Stax studio including Sam Dave 's Soul Man Otis Redding's ( Sitting On ) The Dock of the Bay and Isaac Hayes ' Oscar - winning Theme from Shaft .
org:founded_by(e2,e1)	Clayton Dubilier Inc.	Lexmark	In March 1991 IBM divested a number of its hardware manufacturing operations including keyboard manufacturing to the investment firm Clayton Dubilier Inc. in a leveraged buyout to form Lexmark International Inc .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	Zuffa LLC	UFC	Parent company Zuffa LLC produced a UFC Primetime special to promote the title unification match main event .
per:title(e2,e1)	director	Michael Moore	A mention though for director Geoffrey Smith's The English Surgeon with humanitarian neurosurgeon Henry Marsh a central character every bit as engaging as any fiction could conjure and director Louis Psihoyos ' difficult The Cove on dolphin slaughter in Japan a reminder that Michael Moore has no lock on potent activist filmmaking .
no_relation	Colpix	her	In 1964 she changed record distributors from the American Colpix to the Dutch Philips which also meant a change in the contents of her recordings .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	HSC-22	Virginia	Helicopter Sea Combat Squadron TWO TWO ( HSC-22 ) is a United States Navy helicopter squadron based at NAS Chambers Field ( KNGU ) in Norfolk Virginia .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	Smith	Detroit	Smith was also interviewed for the documentary The Untold Story of Detroit Hip-Hop which is being produced by Detroit rapper Champtown .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Vietnam	Ho Chi Minh	A British tourist has been found dead in her hotel room in Vietnam 's Ho Chi Minh City police and state media reported Saturday .
per:spouse(e2,e1)	Cary Grant	Dyan Cannon	He eventually moved to Los Angeles and attended Art Center for eight semesters.http : / / www.startrekpropauthority.com/2010/10/inside-star-trek-1968-tos-costume.html His first Hollywood job was as a personal secretary to Cary Grant whose ex-wife actress Dyan Cannon Theiss cited as having considerable influence on his career .
org:top_members/employees(e2,e1)	Durrance	Florida Institute of Technology	Durrance is currently employed by the Florida Institute of Technology in Melbourne Florida serving as a professor in the Department of Physics and Space Sciences .
org:alternate_names(e1,e2)	Ontario Institute for Studies in Education	University of Toronto	She achieved a Master of Education degree in adult education from the Ontario Institute for Studies in Education ( University of Toronto ) .
org:members(e2,e1)	South Africa national basketball team	Basketball Championship	Several players who competed for the South Africa national basketball team at the 2011 African Basketball Championship in Madagascar were UJ Alumni .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	National Confederation of Workers of Burkina	Burkina Faso	The National Confederation of Workers of Burkina ( CNTB ) is a trade union centre in Burkina Faso .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Ontario	Frank Miller	He served in the Legislative Assembly of Ontario from 1975 to 1985 and was briefly a cabinet minister in the government of Frank Miller .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Gustavo Dudamel	Venezuela	In Los Angeles of course 27-year-old Gustavo Dudamel the face of Venezuela 's revered youth orchestra program will succeed L.A. Philharmonic music director Esa-Pekka Salonen next fall .
org:members(e2,e1)	UMass Minutemen	Division I	The 2005 UMass Minutemen football team represented the University of Massachusetts Amherst in the 2005 NCAA Division I FCS football season as a member of the Atlantic 10 Conference .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	It	Japan	It was the follow-up to Super Bonk and was released in 1995 only in Japan on the Super Famicom ( Super NES ) .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Francis Gillette	Connecticut	The Francis Gillette House in Bloomfield Connecticut his home in early years of his antislavery involvement is listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places .
org:members(e1,e2)	ICL	India	Aside from commercial factors the ICL lacked the support of the Board of Control for Cricket in India and International Cricket Council .
org:members(e1,e2)	La Liga	Barcelona	In 2000 La Liga had 3 out of the 4 semi-finalists in the UEFA Champions League with Real Madrid Valencia and Barcelona ; Real Madrid went on to beat fellow La Liga side Valencia in an all Spanish final .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e2,e1)	New Mexico	Pete Domenici	Republicans who have broken with Bush on the war include veteran foreign policy expert Senator Richard Lugar New Mexico senator Pete Domenici Senator Chuck Hagel of Nebraska and Senator Gordon Smith of Oregon .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	Harris Technology	Coles Group	Dell continued its retail push in the Australian market with its partnership with Harris Technology ( another part of Coles Group ) in November of the same year .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Millsaps College	Mississippi	Prior to his election to the Episcopacy Finger served for twelve years as President of Millsaps College ( 1952 1964 ) in Jackson Mississippi from which he had graduated before receiving his master of divinity degree from Yale Divinity School .
org:founded(e1,e2)	The Mavericks	1989	The Mavericks are a genre-defying American band founded in 1989 in Miami Florida .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Democrat	Erskine Bowles	Obama appeared with commission co-chairs Democrat Erskine Bowles White House chief of staff for ex-president Bill Clinton and former Republican senator Alan Simpson of Wyoming .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Marilyn Churley	Ontario	Marilyn Churley is a justice of the peace and former Canadian politician who represented the riding of Toronto Danforth in the Legislative Assembly of Ontario from 1990 to 2005 .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	Boilermakers	Purdue University	The 1977 Purdue Boilermakers football team represented Purdue University in the 1977 college football season .
org:members(e2,e1)	The Holy Modal Rounders	DBK Works	Live in 1965 a live album by psychedelic folk band The Holy Modal Rounders released on January 21 2003 through DBK Works .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	University of Minnesota	Minneapolis	Meeting Details : ********************** Topic : Human Factors in Automated Medical Record Systems Date/Time : Jan 10 2007 6:00 p.m. Speaker : Dr. Kathleen A. Harder University of Minnesota 's College of Design Place : Place : Zurah Shrine Center ( zuhrahshrinecenter.com ) 2540 Park Avenue South Minneapolis MN 55404 Phone : 612-871-3555 Directions : http://upamn.org/directions/zuhrahshrinecenter.shtml .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Varian Medical Systems	Palo Alto	Varian Medical Systems of Palo Alto California made its first linear accelerator optimized for stereotactic radiosurgery in 1992 called the Clinac 600SR .
org:members(e2,e1)	Sacramento City College	California	Nunez's son is a business student at Sacramento City College and also attended California State University Los Angeles for a year according to representatives for the campuses .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Larry Craig	Idaho	US Republican Senator Larry Craig caught in an undercover sting soliciting sex in an airport bathroom will resign on Saturday Republican Party officials told the Idaho Statesman newspaper .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	He	Japan	He was also known for his fluent English and was part of the Japanese delegation at the 1951 San Francisco Peace Conference that restored Japan 's sovereignty from US occupation .
per:origin(e2,e1)	Frenchman	Mike Di Meglio	For the 2008 Grand Prix motorcycle racing season he was offered alongside Frenchman Mike Di Meglio by Ajo Motorsport to ride for them .
no_relation	1997	Wariner	Despite exiting Arista in 1997 Wariner made a guest appearance along with Mac McAnally in the music video for Sawyer Brown's 1997 single This Night Wo n't Last Forever a cover of the Michael Johnson song .
org:founded_by(e2,e1)	Nicholas Csendes	Ansoft	Prof. Cendes and his brother Nicholas Csendes founded Ansoft and sold HFSS stand-alone under a 1989 marketing relationship with Hewlett-Packard and bundled into Ansoft products .
org:founded_by(e1,e2)	Google	Sergey Brin	The list topped by Google trio - CEO Eric Schmidt and co-founders Larry Page and Sergey Brin - also includes Apple Computer CEO Steve Jobs ( 2nd rank ) News Corp CEO and media baron Rupert Murdoch ( 6th ) and California Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger ( 8th ) .
no_relation	Austin	Williamson	unincorporated communityWhile Austin is primarily in Travis County it is technically the largest city in Williamson county .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	the University of S	#44; Paki	Prof. Dr. Muhammad Yar Khuhawar commonly known as Dr. Khuhawar ( D.Sc. D.Phil. Izaz\e\kamal SI ) is a Pakistani nuclear chemist and a Professor of Chemistry at the University of S indh #44; Paki stan .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Canada	Stephen Harper	Profile : Leader of Canada 's Conservative Party Stephen Harper .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Tom Harkin	Iowa	At a meeting in Des Moines Sen. Tom Harkin of Iowa was interrupted several times by people in the audience shouting criticism and questions even though he said he did n't expect Iowans to take part in what he called scare tactics misinformation and obstruction .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Eleanor Roosevelt	New York	The Eleanor Roosevelt Legacy Committee ( Eleanor's Legacy ) inspires and supports pro-choice Democratic women to run for local and state offices in New York State .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	AGL Energy	Australia	Shares of AGL Energy Ltd. Australia 's biggest power retailer tumbled Monday after the company lowered its earnings outlook as margins have come under pressure from soaring wholesale electricity prices .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Ranil Wickremasinghe	Sri Lanka	Maithree Wickramasinghe is a Sri Lankan academic and senior lecturer at the Department of English of the University of Kelaniya and wife of Ranil Wickremasinghe former Prime Minister of Sri Lanka .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	British Bulldogs	London	In 2001 ten members of the Swans ' squad were selected for the British Bulldogs side for the Atlantic Alliance Cup held in London .
org:members(e2,e1)	Air India	Indian Airlines	The Air India registered office and headquarters in the Indian Airlines House in New Delhi .
no_relation	Saw Maung	State Law and Order Restoration Council	-- September : Army commander Gen. Saw Maung announces military takeover names the government State Law and Order Restoration Council or SLORC .
org:top_members/employees(e1,e2)	Green Party	M. Claude Genest	I have been a member of the executive ever since I came to McGill as VP-Finance and was the official Volunteer Coordinator for the Deputy Leader of the Green Party M. Claude Genest 's national election campaign over last summer .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Italy	Bocelli	Back in Italy on September 27 Bocelli sang again before the Pope at the International Eucharistic Congress in Bologna .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Suharto	Indonesia	But no one has ever proven that Suharto then Indonesia 's military leader played a pivotal rule in planning Sukarno's demise .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Ma Ying-jeou	Kuomintang	Taiwan's opposition leader Ma Ying-jeou seen as the front-runner in the 2008 presidential election on Tuesday resigned as chief of his Kuomintang party after being indicted for corruption .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Martha Coakley	Massachusetts	Labels : 2010 elections Martha Coakley Massachusetts Scott Brown Senate .
org:members(e1,e2)	Fat Wreck Chords	No Use for a Name	The album was recorded in January 2001 at Motor Studios in San Francisco and produced by Ryan Greene most notable at the time for working with artists on the prominent punk record label Fat Wreck Chords such as NOFX No Use for a Name and Lagwagon .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Platit	Switzerland	SF - Swiss National TV Interview with Platit president Erich Subsidiaries are located in the Chicago USA Platit USA Shanghai China Seoul South Korea Roskilde Denmark Switzerland and the Czech Republic .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Antioch College	Yellow Springs	He taught at Antioch College in Yellow Springs Ohio first as professor of American civilization from 1953 until 1976 and then as Distinguished University Professor of American Culture and Society beginning in 1976 .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	Norah Jones	Brooklyn	Andrew is featured in the DVD Norah Jones the Handsome Band : Live in 2004 Today he lives in Brooklyn NY and plays with Norah Jones Jesse Harris and the Take-out Kings amongst others .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	George Washington	Continental Army	The military justice system is `` command-centric '' and has been since George Washington led the Continental Army .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	IWC	Schaffhausen	The Sports Awards are an annual award for athletes from around the globe judged by the international media and are supported by Mercedes-Benz Vodafone and IWC Schaffhausen .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	Bobby Jones	Nashville	Dr. Bobby Jones leader of The Nashville Super Choir has now opened his own production studio Visions located in Nashville TN .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Faroe Islands	Faroe Islands national football team	Martin Olsen ( born 10 July 1961 in Toftir Faroe Islands ) was the head coach of the Faroe Islands national football team .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Bush	Texas	Bush went to work in an entry level position in the international division of Texas Commerce Bank a job he received through James Baker a longtime family friend and chairman of the board of Texas Commerce Bank .
per:country_of_birth(e1,e2)	Fermat	France	Fermat was born in the first decade of the 17th century in Beaumont-de-Lomagne ( present-day Tarn-et-Garonne ) France ; the late 15th century mansion where Fermat was born is now a museum .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Adamkus	Lithuania	Under the leadership of President Adamkus Lithuania has been a close partner of the United States in advancing freedom in Belarus and elsewhere in Eastern Europe Perino said .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Simone Veil	European Parliament	Last year's winner was the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation and in 2005 it went to Simone Veil of France a Holocaust survivor and former president of the European Parliament .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Bessie Smith	Columbia	From 1924 to 1928 he worked with blues singer Bessie Smith to record more than a dozen sides for Columbia Records .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Vietnam	Vietnam Airlines	China is Vietnam 's biggest trading partner and Vietnam Airlines already flies between the capital cities of the two communist neighbours .
org:founded(e2,e1)	2007	Union	In 2007 French President Nicolas Sarkozy proposed the formation of a Union for the Mediterranean which would consist principally of Mediterranean states and presumably operate outside of the auspices of the European Union .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Austin motor company	Longbridge	A centre of the Midlands nail making industry during the 19th century and home to both the Kalamazoo paper factory and the Austin motor company Longbridge factory in the 20th century today Northfield is predominantly a residential and dormitory suburb for metropolitan Birmingham .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Louis Plamondon	Quebec	Louis Plamondon ( born July 31 1943 ) is a politician in the Canadian province of Quebec and the current interim parliamentary leader of the Bloc ( BQ ) .
per:title(e1,e2)	Katie Holmes	Actress	* Katie Holmes Leaves Cruise Home To Attend ' HairSpray ' Premier * Actress Katie Holmes recently returned to New York to attend the movie Premier for HairSpray leaving husband Tom Cruise in Germany to shooting his new film there .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Burnsville High School	Minnesota	Burnsville High School is affiliated with the Minnesota State High School League ( MSHSL ) and was a member of the Lake Conference until 2010-11 when they left to join the South Suburban Conference .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Singapore	Ong Teng Cheong	By virtue of transitional provisions in the Constitution of Singapore although Ong's predecessor Wee Kim Wee was not elected as President because he held the office of President immediately prior to 30 November 1991 he exercised performed and discharged all the functions powers and duties of an elected president as if he had been elected to the office of President by the citizens of Singapore until Ong Teng Cheong took office as President .
org:top_members/employees(e1,e2)	Fatah	Mahmoud Abbas	Earlier Palestinian President and Fatah leader Mahmoud Abbas said that he can share all government and national institutions with Hamas except the security services .
per:country_of_birth(e1,e2)	Shaukat Aziz	Pakistan	Shaukat Aziz was born in Karachi Sindh Province of Pakistan on 6 March 1949 to an Urdu-speaking family .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Cirrus Design	Minnesota	Each June or July Cirrus owners are invited to migrate back to the Cirrus Design headquarters in Duluth Minnesota for a weekend of learning and socialization .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Demi Lovato	Hollywood Records	British singer/songwriter Victoria Lady V Horn checked in with fans via her official MySpace profile on Thursday ( 18th June 2009 ) with the following message : - I 'm excited to let you all know that Demi Lovato 's sophomore album Here We Go will be in stores on July 21st via Hollywood Records .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e2,e1)	Hawaii	Daniel Inouye	On December 26 2012 as prescribed by Hawaii law the Hawaii Democratic Party nominated three candidates to fill the seat vacated by the death of Daniel Inouye : Lt. Gov. Schatz Congresswoman Colleen Hanabusa and Esther Kia'aina the deputy director of the Hawaii Department of Land and Natural Resources .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Australia	Paul Keating	The incumbent Australian Labor Party government led by Prime Minister of Australia Paul Keating defeated the opposition Liberal Party of Australia led by John Hewson with coalition partner the National Party of Australia led by Tim Fischer .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Japan	Bank of Japan	Japan 's upper house of parliament approves acting central bank chief Masaaki Shirakawa as Bank of Japan governor .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Shrewsbury Sixth Form College	Shropshire	Shrewsbury Sixth Form College is a post-secondary co-educational sixth form college located in Shrewsbury the county town of Shropshire England .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Natural	Sony BMG	Keep It Natural is the debut studio album released by American pop boyband Natural released on September 23 2002 via Sony BMG and Transcontinental Records in Germany .
org:founded(e1,e2)	SpaceX	2002	The California-based SpaceX was founded in 2002 by Elon Musk after he sold high - tech firm PayPal to eBay for 1.5 billion dollars .
per:spouse(e2,e1)	Amala	Akkineni Nagarjuna	Amala is married to Telugu Film actor Akkineni Nagarjuna since 1992 and the couple have a son Akhil .
per:spouse(e1,e2)	Charlotte of Mecklenburg-Strelitz	George	Charlotte of Mecklenburg-Strelitz ( 19 May 1744 17 November 1818 ) was the queen consort of the United Kingdom as the wife of King George III .
no_relation	Henry IV of England	Henry	The Battle of Pwll Melyn was fought nearby and the region only stabilised under the efforts of local Welsh warrior and ally of King Henry IV of England and Monmouth-born Henry V Davy Gam .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Liberty University	Lynchburg	Liberty University is a private Christian university located in Lynchburg Virginia United States .
org:members(e2,e1)	Heythrop College	University of London	Born and raised in Malta he studied philosophy and theology at Heythrop College before it was affiliated to the University of London and anthropology at the University of Oxford and completed his doctorate in Religion and Religious Education at the Catholic University of America in Washington DC .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Bangladesh	Fakhruddin Ahmed	Chief Advisor of Bangladesh 's caretaker government Fakhruddin Ahmed has congratulated Bangladesh cricket team for its historic victory against India in their first match in the current World Cup according to the UNB .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	University of Miami	Florida	The 2012 Billboard Latin Music Awards were held on April 26 2012 at the BankUnited Center at the University of Miami in Coral Gables Florida .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Leopold Kronecker	University of Berlin	Cantor biographer Joseph Dauben argues that local circumstances refers to the influence of Leopold Kronecker Weierstrass ' colleague at the University of Berlin .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Thailand	Anand Panyarachun	Prawase Wasri chairman of Thailand 's Reform Assembly said Monday that members of his assembly and the National Reform Committee of former Prime Minister Anand Panyarachun will be appointed on Friday the Nation online reported .
no_relation	GarageGames	Tim Gift	His son is Mark Frohnmayer lead programmer of Starsiege : Tribes and Tribes 2 at Dynamix before leaving to co-found GarageGames with Jeff Tunnell Rick Overman and Tim Gift .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Morvan	Joss Entertainment Group	Meanwhile Morvan and Pilatus moved to Los Angeles California and signed to the Joss Entertainment Group where they recorded their follow-up album under the name Rob Fab .
org:founded_by(e2,e1)	Richard Branson	Virgin Atlantic Airways	Sir Freddie Laker became an inspiration and cautionary tale for Sir Richard Branson and Virgin Atlantic Airways when they set about deciding their long-term strategy .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Bernard Lovell	England	Sir Bernard Lovell School is a comprehensive school in North Street Oldland Common South Gloucestershire England .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	sensei	Florida	Spitz also studied and trained with sensei Mel Pralgo sensei Rodney Hu sensei Stan O'Hara and sensei Miko Peled and had the distinct honor of being Dai Sempai ( highest ranking student and assistant instructor ) for many years at sensei Pralgo's dojo in Thousand Oaks California before moving to Florida in 1996 to attend law school .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Wang	Taiwan	In addition Wang noted the council has assisted Cloud Gate in using the Taiwan Human Rights Memorial park in Jingmei Taipei City as a temporary rehearsal studio for one year .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Pervez Musharraf	Pakistan	President Gen. Pervez Musharraf says the Pakistan army remains absolutely loyal to him .
per:title(e2,e1)	director	Steven Shainberg	Special editions of the DVD include the film's trailer and TV spots cast and director interviews a behind-the-scenes documentary cast and director Curricula Vitae and an audio commentary by director Steven Shainberg and writer Erin Cressida Wilson .
org:top_members/employees(e1,e2)	YG Entertainment	Yang Hyun Suk	According to the CEO of YG Entertainment Yang Hyun Suk 2NE1 new song counter feeds the people with an analogue sound unlike the majority who used strong electronics and house music and maybe that is why Will I. Am have sic found it interesting .
per:spouse(e1,e2)	Nicole Kidman	Keith Urban	Nicole Kidman and Keith Urban in Australia mar2008 .
org:members(e2,e1)	Wake Forest University	NCAA	The 2007 Wake Forest Demon Deacons football team represented Wake Forest University during the 2007 NCAA Division I FBS football season .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	University of New Hampshire	New Hampshire Wildcats	Sullivan attended University of New Hampshire where he played four seasons of NCAA Division I college hockey with the New Hampshire Wildcats men's ice hockey team .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Sweden	Fredrik Reinfeldt	Sweden 's Prime Minister Fredrik Reinfeldt says the Nordic country has temporarily closed its embassy in Pakistan because of a threat .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Ontario Institute for Studies in Education	Ontario	Michael Fullan is currently Professor Emeritus at the Ontario Institute for Studies in Education at the University of Toronto and is Special Adviser on Education to Dalton McGuinty the Premier of Ontario .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Xidian University	Xi'an	This team consists of the following research institutes : Xidian University is located in Xi'an Shaanxi Province China .
org:alternate_names(e1,e2)	della Svizzera italiana	Lugano	The webatelier.net Lab of the della Svizzera italiana ( University of Lugano Switzerland ) has further developed the methodology releasing in 2011 URL - User Requirements with Lego ( under the Creative Commons licence ) .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Hans Zimmer	Remote Control Productions	He currently writes at Hans Zimmer 's Remote Control Productions .
org:top_members/employees(e2,e1)	James M. Gavin	82nd Airborne Division	They received a visit from Major General James M. Gavin commanding officer of the 82nd Airborne Division who visited their bivouac at Rahier on 27 December .
per:spouse(e2,e1)	Charles Edward Duke of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha	Princess Victoria Adelaide of Schleswig-Holstein	Sibylla ( then Sibylle ) was born at Schloss Friedenstein on 18 January 1908 as the daughter of Charles Edward Duke of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha and Princess Victoria Adelaide of Schleswig-Holstein a daughter of Princess Karoline Mathilde of Schleswig-Holstein-Sonderburg-Augustenburg and Friedrich Ferdinand Duke of Schleswig-Holstein and descended from an older Scandinavian royal house .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Nicholas Gilman	New Hampshire	Nicholas Gilman Sr. served as the New Hampshire state treasurer during the American Revolution when the capital of New Hampshire moved from Portsmouth to Exeter .
org:founded_by(e1,e2)	West Coast Customs	Ryan Friedlinghaus	West Coast Customs is a car remodeling company started in 1993 by Ryan Friedlinghaus on a loan from his grandfather Edward Cifranic .
per:title(e2,e1)	minister	Abraham Kuyper	Neo-Calvinism a form of Dutch Calvinism is the movement initiated by the theologian and former Dutch prime minister Abraham Kuyper .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Brown	Georgia	The proposal would give 50 percent of Brown 's charitable trust to educate the singer's grandchildren and needy students in Georgia and South Carolina .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	University of Oslo	Norway	Now their skepticism is supported by two groups of cosmologists Ingunn Kathrine Wehus and Hans Eriksen of the University of Oslo in Norway and Adam Moss Douglas Scott and James P. Zibrin all of the University of British Columbia .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Kode9	Hyperdub	Journalist Derek Walmsley described Kode9 's track Ping : That same year Kode9 founded Hyperdub records ; the first release was Sine of the Dub a collaboration between Kode9 and Daddy Gee which was a minimal loose cover version of Prince's Sign O the Times .
no_relation	Aziz	Pakistan	Aziz termed this project as milestone in the history of nuclear technology in Pakistan .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	Florida University	Trustees	Five days later on July 16 2012 Florida University Board of Trustees appointed provost Larry Robinson as interim president and permitted the resignation of James H. Ammons to become effective that day .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Ma Ying-jeou	Kuomintang	In 2008 Ma Ying-jeou of the Kuomintang was elected President and over the next few months has forged stronger economic and political relations with mainland China under his presidency and was willing to accept them .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	United States	John Adams	In 1798 Watson was elected as a Federalist to the United States Senate to fill the vacancy caused by the resignation of John Sloss Hobart and served in the 5th and 6th United States Congress from December 11 1798 to March 19 1800 when he resigned to accept an appointment by President John Adams as Naval Officer of the Port of New York .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Molson	Canada	In 1782 at the age of 18 Molson immigrated to Canada but he almost did n't make it .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	Fatmir Sejdiu	Pristina	Kosovo will declare independence in full coordination and close cooperation with the United States and the European Union Kosovo President Fatmir Sejdiu said Thursday in the provincial capital Pristina .
no_relation	Hugh Jackman	Grace McNeil	Hugh Jackman was born in Sydney New South Wales the son of Grace McNeil and Christopher John Jackman a Cambridge-trained accountant .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Brown	Ohio	In addition Brown said Ohio Democrats have a popular governor and an electorate that is unhappy about the Iraq war and the economy .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Joseph Saidu Momoh	Sierra Leone	He was Major General Joseph Saidu Momoh the commander of the Republic of Sierra Leone Armed Forces and Stevens ' own choice to succeed him .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	GmbH	Robert Bosch GmbH	That part of the business has remained with Robert Bosch Car Multimedia GmbH a 100 % subsidiary of Robert Bosch GmbH .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	Canadian	Supreme Court	Second Newfoundland Justice Minister Jerome Kennedy criticized the appointment citing the Newfoundland government's belief that constitutional convention stipulates that a Newfoundlander should have been named to the Court in the rotation of Atlantic Canadian Supreme Court representation .
no_relation	2008	China Daily	According to a 2008 report in China Daily CMS operates nine aircraft and more than 200 patrol vessels .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	he	Washington	But in Georgia leaders both in and out of power have been waiting eagerly for Biden hoping he will plead their case in Washington .
org:city_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Cork	University College Cork	Raised in the southern city of Cork and educated at the North Monastery ( North Mon ) school and University College Cork Tuama first came to prominence in 1950 with his anthology of modern Irish language poetry titled 1939-1949 .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	Paulinho Da Viola	Rio de Janeiro	Paulinho Da Viola still lives in Rio de Janeiro and performs around Brazil .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Australia	RMIT University	In Australia it was traditionally awarded by former non-university tertiary institutions which include institutes of technologies such as Queensland University of Technology RMIT University and the University of Technology Sydney .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Canada	Stephen Harper	Ignatieff could become Canada 's next prime minister if the Liberals and two left-of-center opposition parties stick with a plan to topple Conservative Prime Minister Stephen Harper 's government and are allowed to form a coalition government in late January .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Appalachian State University	Boone	The Appalachian State Mountaineers football teams represented Appalachian State University in Boone North Carolina United States .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Oil Refineries Ltd.	Haifa	Oil Refineries Ltd. ( ORL or BAZAN ) is an oil refining company located in Haifa Bay Israel .
org:top_members/employees(e2,e1)	Harry Rosenberg	LE	Erhard's brother Harry Rosenberg sister Joan Rosenberg and former attorney Art Schreiber now run LE .
per:country_of_birth(e2,e1)	Canada	he	Growing up in the neighbourhood of Clarkson in Mississauga Ontario Canada he attended St. Christopher's Elementary School and is a member of the St. Christopher's Church Parish .
no_relation	BT	PlusNet	BT stated that PlusNet will continue to operate separately out of its Sheffield head-office .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Argentina	Eva	His most recent novel The Big Wake-Up envisioned an altered version of the bizarre history of the peripatetic remains of Argentina 's most famous first lady Eva .
org:members(e1,e2)	ABN AMRO	Royal Bank of Scotland Group	The company was broken up after having critical difficulty financing its part of a joint acquisition of ABN AMRO ( as a member of a consortium which also included Royal Bank of Scotland Group and Banco Santander ) .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Association	Malaysia	Each year this prestigious Lecture is organized jointly by this Association and the Institution of Engineers Malaysia .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	t Hugo	f Venezuel	The United States has made it clear that it does not like the prospect of its cold war foe returning to power especially in light of Mr. Ortega ?s close relationship with Presiden t Hugo z o f Venezuel a .
org:members(e2,e1)	West Virginia University	NCAA	The 1997 West Virginia Mountaineers football team represented West Virginia University in the 1997 NCAA Division I-A football season .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Air India	Mumbai	Air India spokesman K. Swaminathan told AFP in Mumbai that some flights were delayed or cancelled on Thursday without specifying numbers but added : We are trying to get back to normalcy .
org:members(e2,e1)	Connecticut Huskies	NCAA	The 2003 2004 Connecticut Huskies men's basketball team represented the University of Connecticut in the 2003 2004 NCAA Division I basketball season .
per:country_of_birth(e1,e2)	s Nele Karajli	PR Bosnia-Herzegovi	Nenad Jankovi? known a s Nele Karajli ? ( born 11 December 1962 in Sarajevo PR Bosnia-Herzegovi na FPR Yugoslavia ) is a Bosnian Serb Comedian rock and roll musician composer actor and television director living and working in Belgrade .
no_relation	Russia	Mikoyan	In Russia large aerospace companies like Oboronprom and the United Aircraft Building Corporation ( encompassing Mikoyan Sukhoi Ilyushin Tupolev Yakovlev and Irkut which includes Beriev ) are among the major global players in this industry .
no_relation	RZA	Andy Klein	The extras include an interview with Gordon Liu ( recently seen in two roles in the Kill Bill films ) and a commentary track by the musician RZA of Wu-Tang Clan ( a Shaolin scholar of some standing ) and the Los Angeles film critic Andy Klein .
per:cities_of_residence(e2,e1)	London	David Suchet	It was poorly received but revived in 2005 at the Duchess Theatre London with David Suchet as the lead part Gregor Antonescu to great acclaim .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	NPG	Prince	A reduced NPG returned to the Prince fold when he began performing under the symbolic moniker in early 1994 backing him on The Gold Experience .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Hampshire	Purbrook Junior School	Harris was born Waterlooville Hampshire and attended Purbrook Junior School .
org:founded_by(e2,e1)	Billy Hughes	National Labor Party	In 1916 an internal party row over conscription led to a split in the ALP and Archibald along with Prime Minister and Labor leader Billy Hughes left the ALP to form the National Labor Party .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	BASF	Ludwigshafen	The Karlsruhe Stadtbahn operates on the following route : Even before the opening of the Stadtbahn in 2010 the platforms of the stations were before were already 160 m long in order to handle the commuter trains to the BASF factory in Ludwigshafen ; this is longer than the existing Stadtbahn platforms which are normally 120 m long .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	his	Lowest Music Arts	Akita started releasing noise recordings on cassettes through his own record label Lowest Music Arts which was founded in order to trade cassette tapes with other underground artists .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Dundee-Crown High School	Carpentersville	Dundee-Crown High School is a high school located in Carpentersville Illinois United States a suburb of Chicago .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Air Education and Training Command	Texas	Three years later he was sent to headquarters Air Education and Training Command at Randolph Air Force Base Texas as the command comptroller .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	Emily Lau	Hong Kong	We are protesting against the Chinese government's failure to live up to the undertakings it made seven years ago when it made its bid to host the Olympics said Emily Lau a member of Hong Kong 's Legislative Council who is also the leader of the Frontier a small political group .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	George Washington	Continental Army	It also hosts the oldest scouting event in the country a three-day annual encampment at Valley Forge to commemorate the harsh winter that George Washington spent there with Continental Army soldiers .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	Nicolas Sarkozy	Paris	French President Nicolas Sarkozy said Arab states had made a gesture of peace by attending a summit Sunday in Paris for the launch of a new Union for the Mediterranean.pa-npk / ec/loc/db .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Energy	Samuel Bodman	Also addressing the conference US Energy Secretary Samuel Bodman said Turkmenistan had dramatic opportunities to improve the lives of its citizens .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	United Kingdom	Henry Campbell-Bannerman	The Liberal government of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland that began in 1905 and ended in 1915 consisted of two ministries : the Campbell-Bannerman Ministry led by Henry Campbell-Bannerman and then the First Asquith Ministry led by H.H. Asquith .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Maryland	Frederick High School	She studied photography in Maryland at Frederick High School ( FHS ) with Dr. Margaret Dowell co-author of Addiction and Art Johns Hopkins Press while at FHS she received awards from the state of Maryland for excellent photography and she was selected to attend the summer program at the prestigious CTY in 1982 .
org:members(e2,e1)	The Sequence	Sugar Hill	It interpolates Funk You Up by The Sequence from their 1980 single released under Sugar Hill .
no_relation	Hollywood	Welles	It was suggested that the film would be shot in Hollywood and New Hampshire but Welles would not have it and for that reason it never got off the ground .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Guyana	Cheddi Jagan	He was Guyana 's Consul General to Toronto in the 1990s and was interviewed by the Toronto Star newspaper following the death of Guyanese president Cheddi Jagan in 1997 .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Switzerland	Pascal Couchepin	Libya's decision to halt oil deliveries to Switzerland will not threaten the economy President Pascal Couchepin said Friday .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	Chrysler	Jeep	Chrysler 's dealers sell Chrysler Dodge and Jeep brands .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Kakatiya University	Warangal	Passed Bachelor of Commerce B. Com in 2004 from Kakatiya University Warangal A.P India .
no_relation	Butthole Surfers	Go	Gibson also founded the 1990s noise pop band Furry Things who released most of its material on King Coffey's ( of The Butthole Surfers ) label Trance Syndicate / Touch and Go Records imprint .
per:country_of_birth(e2,e1)	Pakistan	Shah Mehmood Qureshi	In a Tuesday telephone conversation with Pakistan 's new Foreign Minister Shah Mehmood Qureshi Mottaki congratulated his counterpart on his appointment a press tv report said .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Burton Cummings	Winnipeg	The Burton Cummings Theatre located in downtown Winnipeg is named after Cummings .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Kim Campbell	Communications	When Kim Campbell succeeded Mulroney as Prime Minister she appointed Landry Minister of Communications in addition to her position as Secretary of State .
no_relation	George Mason Patriots	Colonial Athletic Association	It is home to the George Mason Patriots baseball team of the NCAA Division I Colonial Athletic Association .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	France	Jacques Demy	In a swiftly moving life story Varda proceeds to touch on her birth in Belgium a move during World War II to the harbor town of Sete France her stint in art school in Paris and finally her partnership with the love of her life New Wave director Jacques Demy ( The Umbrellas of Cherbourg ) .
per:title(e2,e1)	artist	her	Patricia Lee Patti Smith ( born December 30 1946 ) is an American singer-songwriter poet and visual artist who became a highly influential component of the New York City punk rock movement with her 1975 debut album Horses .
org:members(e1,e2)	Brigade	15th Infantry Brigade	Fortunately Sir Thomas William Glasgow's 13th Brigade ( Australia ) and Harold Elliott's 15th Infantry Brigade ( Australia ) managed to recapture the location on 25 April 1918 and this feat of arms was later described by Lieutenant-General Sir John Monash commander of the Australian Infantry Force as the turning-point of the war .
org:members(e2,e1)	Evansville Crimson Giants	NFL	From 1921 to 1922 Bosse Field was used as a football stadium and was home to the Evansville Crimson Giants of the NFL .
no_relation	1993	Tengen	Grind Stormer also known as is a vertically forced scrolling shoot 'em up developed for the arcade by Toaplan and ported to the Sega Mega Drive in 1993 by Tengen .
no_relation	he	Freud	This might seem a surprising confession particularly given that he joined the Italian Communist Party in 1969 the same year he started psychoanalysis thereby joining Marx with Freud .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Pakistan	Pervez Musharraf	Pakistan 's former president Pervez Musharraf said on Thursday he planned to return to Pakistan and re-enter politics media reported .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	Sirius XM Radio	XM Satellite Radio	The System was heard in the United States and Canada as one of the then-ten dance/electronic music satellite channels operated by Sirius XM Radio which in turn operated as one of XM Satellite Radio 's then-five dance/electronic formatted offerings broadcasting on XM channel 82 through a legacy business relationship between 1worldspace and XM .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Argentina	fernandez	With the return of democracy to Argentina in 1983 president fernandez appointed him as Secretary of State of Science and Technology ( until 1989 ) .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e2,e1)	Arkansas	her	According to DeMent Sing the Delta is a reference to the Arkansas Delta a natural region in the State of Arkansas and where her family lives .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	Nintendo Software Technology	Nintendo	Claude Comair is the founder of DigiPen Institute of Technology and a co-founder of the Nintendo Software Technology Corporation in Redmond Washington a subsidiary of Nintendo Co. Ltd. of Kyoto Japan .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	She	Paris	She founded the Curie Institutes in Paris and in Warsaw which remain major centres of medical research today .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	UK	Clydesdale Bank	( Source : The Wealth of Nations Book 5 Chapter 1 Part 2 ) Smith has been commemorated in the UK on banknotes printed by two different banks ; his portrait has appeared since 1981 on the 50 notes issued by the Clydesdale Bank in Scotland and in March 2007 Smith's image also appeared on the new series of 20 notes issued by the Bank of England making him the first Scotsman to feature on an English banknote .
org:founded(e2,e1)	1986	The Machines	In the fall of 1986 the World Wrestling Federation introduced a stable of wrestlers called The Machines -- The Giant Machine ( the Giant ) Big Machine ( Blackjack Mulligan ) and Super Machine ( Bill Eadie ) -- based on Junji Hirata's popular Super Strong Machine gimmick .
org:alternate_names(e2,e1)	Anshan Iron and Steel Group	Ansteel	China's Anshan Iron and Steel Group Corp. ( Ansteel ) and U.S. Mississippi-based Steel Development Co .
org:alternate_names(e1,e2)	China National Space Administration	CNSA	Double Star is a joint satellite based space mission by the China National Space Administration ( CNSA ) and the European Space Agency ( ESA ) .
org:founded_by(e2,e1)	Disney	Jetix	In 2002 Disney created the Jetix brand set to replace Fox Kids ( the name of which was related 20th Century Fox ) .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Frank Swettenham	Federated Malay States	In 2013 two dead stars were in fact found circling in the Hyades : http://www.dailymail.co.uk/sciencetech/article-2322480/Astronomers-dead-dirty-stars-glimpse-future-Solar-System.html?ico=sciencetech^headlines Carcosa Seri Negara a hotel in Kuala Lumpur Malaysia was built as the residence of Sir Frank Swettenham the first British Resident-General of the Federated Malay States in 1896-1897 .
per:title(e2,e1)	host	Michael Reagan	Nationally syndicated talkshow host Michael Reagan ( son of former President Ronald Reagan ) comes to Lubbock and does 2 special shows on KFYO .
per:origin(e1,e2)	Lagos Weber	Chile	Lagos Weber was a candidate for the congressional elections in December 2005 but withdrew his candidacy in August based on polls that suggested that even with a 45 % showing he would not secure a seat under Chile 's electoral rules .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Lebanon	Lebanese Armed Forces	In May 2012 the conflict spread to Beirut and later to south and east Lebanon while the Lebanese Armed Forces deployed in north Lebanon and Beirut .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	George Washington	Continental Army	Gen. George Washington used this stone farmhouse as his Continental Army headquarters from April 1782 to August 1783 .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Ho Chi Minh	Vietnam	Vietnam National University Ho Chi Minh City ( ) is one of the two largest national universities in Vietnam ( the other is Vietnam National University Hanoi founded on 27 January 1995 and reorganized on 12 February 2001 under the Decision no. 15/2001/Q ?-TTg by the Prime Minister of Vietnam Phan Van Khai ) .
org:founded_by(e1,e2)	Bill Melinda Gates Foundation	Bill Gates	Melinda French Gates co-chair of the Bill Melinda Gates Foundation and the wife of Microsoft founder Bill Gates also was being recognized .
per:title(e1,e2)	Les Paul	inventor	Consider that along with the death of Jackson there were two other profound if less sensational losses in the music world : Les Paul the inventor of the electric guitar who is credited with transforming 20th-century pop music ; and Ellie Greenwich less known by her own name than by songs she wrote with Phil Spector and Jeff Barry -- some of the biggest hits of the 1960s including Leader of the Pack Da Doo Ron Ron and Be My Baby .
org:alternate_names(e1,e2)	CTVglobemedia	The Woodbridge Company	The other major asset of CTVglobemedia '' The Globe and Mail '' will be 85 % owned by the The Woodbridge Company | Thomson family with Bell retaining its 15 % interest .
per:spouse(e1,e2)	Alexandra of Denmark	Edward	Alexandra of Denmark ( 1844 1925 ) was Queen Consort to Edward VII of the United Kingdom and thus Empress of India during her husband's reign .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Netherlands	The Prophet	Hardstyle has its origins in the Netherlands where artists like Dana Pavo Luna and The Prophet who produced Hardcore started experimenting while playing their Hardcore records .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Cuba	Castro	HAVANA : Cuba has authorized the unrestricted sale of computers and DVD and video players in the first sign that President Castro is moving to improve Cubans ' access to consumer goods .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	UMUC	Maryland	In 1970 UMUC became an independent institution and it became a member of the University System of Maryland in 1988 .
per:spouse(e2,e1)	John Cassavetes	Gena Rowlands	She was the mother of actor-director John Cassavetes and mother-in-law of actress Gena Rowlands .
per:country_of_birth(e1,e2)	Confucius	China	Confucius born in 551 B.C. in Qufu in eastern China 's Shandong Province was a great teacher and thinker whose theories were the orthodox ideology in China for more than years .
no_relation	David Boyd	Australia	In a September 2004 art review Alex McDonald of State of the Arts magazine stated that David Boyd 's work was ' ahead of his time in addressing the mistreatment of Indigenous people in Australia but commented that an ' explanation for his frosty reception from Australian critics and dealers may have something to do with his choice of subject matter ' .
org:top_members/employees(e2,e1)	Joseph Hooker	Army of the Potomac	Maj. Gen. Joseph Hooker who became commander of the Army of the Potomac in January 1863 ordered his deputy provost marshal Col. George H. Sharpe to create a unit to gather intelligence .
no_relation	Unionville High School	Ontario	Eventually graduating from Unionville High School in Ontario Jade played competitive tennis within the Ontario Tennis Association ( OTA ) and coached basketball for adolescents in her hometown .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Aftermath	Eminem	The song is a collaboration of the biggest artists on the Shady and Aftermath record label which consist of Eminem himself Dr. Dre and 50 Cent .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Since October	Florida	Since October is an American Christian rock band from Bradenton Florida .
per:alternate_names(e2,e1)	Juninho	junior	Juninho Portuguese for little Junior is a common nickname in Brazil for those whose full name includes junior .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e2,e1)	Nova Scotia	Jack Syperek	The Trews are a Canadian hard rock band from Antigonish Nova Scotia consisting of vocalist Colin MacDonald guitarist John-Angus MacDonald bassist Jack Syperek and drummer Sean Dalton .
no_relation	Luther Roderick Campbell	Miami	Luther Roderick Campbell ( born December 22 1960 at Mt. Sinai Hospital in Miami Beach Florida ) also known as Luke Skyywalker Uncle Luke or Luke is a record label owner rap performer ( taking the non-rapping role of promoter ) and actor .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Turkey	Ahmet Necdet Sezer	During her visit to Turkey Queen Beatrix is expected to meet Turkish President Ahmet Necdet Sezer and Parliament Speaker Bulent Arinc .
per:spouse(e1,e2)	Zardari	Benazir Bhutto	Zardari widower of slain former Prime Minister Benazir Bhutto secured 479 votes from the total number of 702 votes of the electoral college consisting of two houses of the parliament and four provincial assemblies .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Polish Air Force	warsaw	ELTR - 13 Eskadra Lotnictwa Transportowego in Poland ) is an airlift squadron of Polish Air Force established in 1963 in warsaw Poland .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Defiance College	Defiance Ohio	Defiance College located in Defiance Ohio USA is an independent co-educational liberal arts college affiliated with the United Church of Christ .
per:alternate_names(e2,e1)	Petra	Bob Hartman	After Petra 's retirement in 2005 Schlitt and Petra guitarist and founder Bob Hartman started working on an album together as II Guys From Petra .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Naropa University	Boulder	Of the beat tradition in 1989 Sheri-D studied at Naropa University 's Jack Kerouac School of Disembodied Poetics in Boulder Colorado .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Rough Trade	Cabaret Voltaire	The Rough Trade label subsequently issued a single by Jamaican reggae singer Augustus Pablo the debut single by Sheffield band Cabaret Voltaire and the second Stiff Little Fingers single Alternative Ulster .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Ho Chi Minh	Vietnam	After Ho Chi Minh rose to power during the August Revolution in 1945 Pham Van Dong was appointed minister of finance of the newly established government of the Democratic Republic of Vietnam ( DRV ) a position he occupied till 1954 .
per:title(e2,e1)	Analyst	Sibel Edmonds	' Iran Eyes The China Card ' Ex-CIA Analyst : Sibel Edmonds Must be Heard FBI Whistleblower Ignored By Media ' U.S. Troops Asked If They Would Shoot American Citizens ' .
per:title(e1,e2)	Phil Manzanera	musician	Jorge Castano is a Cali born professional wrestler who has made a new life and career for himself in the UK Phil Manzanera a musician and record producer who was the lead guitarist with Roxy Music was born in London to a Colombian mother and English father .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Karolos Papoulias	Greece	Greek President Karolos Papoulias met with his Austrian counterpart Heinz Fischer on Monday and said that Greece needs to make efforts to address its trade imbalance with Austria .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	PSTU	Patuakhali	The PSTU campus is at Dumki Upazila under Patuakhali district .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	New Zealand	ANZ National Bank	Within the New Zealand financial institution context this is a significant figure : for the ' Big Five ' retail banks ( ANZ/National Bank ( then ANZ National Bank ) ASB Westpac BNZ ) a typical year will result in a 0.2 % increase or decrease in market share ( deposit and lending values rather than number of customers ) .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Glenn Gould	Toronto	The Glenn Gould Foundation is a registered Canadian charitable organization based in Toronto Canada .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	Global Urban Research Unit	Newcastle University	Global Urban Research Unit ( GURU ) is a research centre established in 2002 at the School of Architecture Planning and Landscape Newcastle University England .
per:alternate_names(e1,e2)	Sean Waltman	Kid	On the same night that Sting made his speech the nWo inducted its sixth official member into the group as new WCW signee Sean Waltman who was friends with Hall and Nash and who had wrestled as The 1-2-3 Kid in the WWF came in and became known as Syxx .
per:title(e2,e1)	songwriter	Carl Wilson	Myrna Yvonne Smith ( May 28 1941 December 24 2010 ) Thedeadrockstarsclub.com - accessed December 2010 was an American songwriter and singer who co-wrote many of the songs for Carl Wilson 's 1981 solo album Carl Wilson as well as a few of the songs on his 1983 solo album Youngblood .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Commercial Iron Works	Portland Oregon	She was purchased by the U.S. Navy and was converted to an escort carrier at Commercial Iron Works Portland Oregon .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Maureen Murphy	Illinois	Maureen Murphy ( November 14 1952 August 9 2008 ) was a politician in Illinois and a Chairman of the Cook County Republican Party ( US ) from 2002 to 2004 .
per:spouse(e1,e2)	James Cruze	Betty Compson	She Got What She Wanted is a lost early talking film comedy-drama directed by James Cruze and starring his actress wife Betty Compson .
org:city_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Toronto	Glenn Gould	The album was recorded primarily at Blue Rodeo's Woodshed Studios in Toronto with some string and horn arrangements recorded at the Glenn Gould Studio .
per:cities_of_residence(e2,e1)	Bronx	Crazy Legs	The Rock Steady Crew was founded in 1977 in the Bronx and gained international attention throughout the '80s as its members including Frost Pabon Crazy Legs Ken Swift and others toured and performed .
org:alternate_names(e1,e2)	Red Sea Institute of Cinematic Arts	RSICA	The Red Sea Institute of Cinematic Arts ( RSICA ) is the first and only MFA program in Cinematic Arts for the Middle East and North Africa .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	Kongsberg Maritime	Kongsberg Gruppen	Kongsberg Mesotech Ltd based in Port Coquitlam BC Canada is a part of Kongsberg Maritime a subsidiary of Norwegian Kongsberg Gruppen .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Robert Fico	Slovakia	It is led by Robert Fico current Prime Minister of Slovakia and previously Prime Minister from 2006 to 2010 .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	So So Def Recordings	Jermaine Dupri	It was released on March 9 1999 through So So Def Recordings and featured production from Jermaine Dupri the Trackmasters and a then unknown Kanye West .
org:members(e2,e1)	Missouri Tigers	Division I	He played for the Norfolk State Spartans and led the Spartans to a victory over the # 2 seed Missouri Tigers in the second round of the 2012 NCAA Men's Division I Basketball Tournament .
org:alternate_names(e2,e1)	Suns	school	The South Suns Football team competed with the school 's main rival the Muhlenberg North Stars .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Hillcrest High School	Missouri	Frazier played high school baseball as a member of the Hornets which is the name of the teams at Hillcrest High School in Springfield Missouri .
org:top_members/employees(e2,e1)	Jeff Halper	ICAHD	Among the speakers are Naim Ateek ( head of Sabeel ) and Jeff Halper of ICAHD .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Bad Boy Records	The Hitmen	The majority of the album was produced by 6 July of Bad Boy Records production team The Hitmen .
no_relation	ND	Karamanlis	At the ND rally Karamanlis said that PASOK had been in power too long and had grown lazy and corrupt .
per:origin(e1,e2)	Heath Streak	Zimbabwean	In early 2005 Heath Streak was reinstated into the national side but the political situation in Zimbabwe involving Operation Murambatsvina disrupted the Zimbabwean team .
no_relation	Lowe	Columbia Records	Also produced by Lowe it was released in 1979 by Radar Records in the UK and Columbia Records in the US .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	His	Quebec	His party devoted to the promotion of sovereignty for Quebec holds 51 seats in the 308-seat federal parliament .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	she	Switzerland	Around the same time she gained notoriety in Switzerland as a TV host and endorser of the Italian boutique chain Oviesse .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Australia	APESMA	The Association of Professional Engineers Scientists and Managers Australia ( APESMA ) is an Australian employee association registered under state and federal industrial relations acts .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Florida	he	As of 02/24/2013 according to the Florida Department of Corrections website he was at the Orlando Transition Center ( male facility ) with a projected release date of 09/18/2014 .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Tetsuya Komuro	Japan	With leading producer's Tetsuya Komuro 's assistance Avex became Japan 's leading dance record company during the 1990s and continues producing and recording some of Japan's most famous pop singers such as Japan's highest selling solo musician Ayumi Hamasaki .
no_relation	Peter Hammill	Enigma	Out of Water is an album by Peter Hammill originally released on Enigma Records in 1990 and subsequently re-released on Hammill's own Fie label .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Maumoon Abdul Gayoom	Maldives	Incomplete election results show that President Maumoon Abdul Gayoom appears headed for a runoff against the nation's main opposition leader in the Maldives ' first democratic presidential election .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Gordon Brown	United Kingdom	British Prime Minister Gordon Brown said Paisley had mad a huge contribution to political life in Northern Ireland and the United Kingdom .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Bell	Chicago	In August 2008 Bell 's was able to return its primary brands to the Chicago area due to former distributor National Wine Spirits ' exit from Illinois .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Katy Garbi	Greece	Doro Theou is an album by popular Greek artist Katy Garbi released in 1999 by Sony Music Greece .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	Air New Zealand	Air Nelson	Air New Zealand also purchased a stake in Air Nelson ( and Eagle Airway ) to secure the airline's support when deregulation saw the arrival of Ansett Airways .
no_relation	Perutz	War	Perutz was exiled from Austria because of his Jewish heritage when Nazi Germany annexed that country prior to World War II .
per:spouse(e2,e1)	James	Margaret of Denmark	John Stewart Earl of Mar ( December 1479 11 March 1503 ) was the youngest son of James III of Scotland and Margaret of Denmark .
org:members(e2,e1)	UCLA	Division I	The 1981 82 UCLA Bruins men's basketball team represented the University of California Los Angeles in the 1981 82 NCAA Division I men's basketball season .
org:city_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Glasgow	Loganair	There are no longer any direct services to either Glasgow or Edinburgh airports after they were withdrawn by Loganair due to lack of demand .
per:title(e1,e2)	Noriega	French	Panama on June 5 requested Noriega 's extradition and scheduled an appointment with the French government over the issue in September .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Health and Human Services	Mike Leavitt	Deacon Leavitt's descendants also include writer Stephen King ; former United States Secretary of Health and Human Services Mike Leavitt ; New York City financier David Leavitt namesake of Chicago's Leavitt Street for his role in rescuing nearly bankrupt Illinois and Michigan Canal ; Hon. John Leavitt Stevens U. S. State Dept .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Mike Mansfield	Montana	With the encouragement of Sen. Mike Mansfield of Montana who was the majority leader Sen. Kennedy ran against Long for the job that Byrd had patiently been awaiting .
org:top_members/employees(e2,e1)	Phyllis Schlafly	Eagle Forum	The leaders meeting in Denver included Phyllis Schlafly head of the Eagle Forum ; Left Behind co-author Tim LaHaye and his wife Beverly founder of Concerned Women for America ; David Barton founder of WallBuilders ; Rick Scarborough of Vision America ; and Don Hodel a former interior secretary and former president of Focus on the Family according to Staver .
per:country_of_birth(e1,e2)	Steve Jones	England	Steve Jones ( born 9 January 1983 in Ashington Northumberland England ) is a rugby union player for Reggio in the National Championship of Excellence .
org:founded(e1,e2)	University of Westminster	1838	The UK's first polytechnic the Royal Polytechnic Institution ( now the University of Westminster ) was founded in 1838 in Regent Street London .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Hans Blix	International Atomic Energy Agency	Hans Blix former head of the International Atomic Energy Agency who crossed swords with Washington over the Iraq war said Wednesday he was surprised at new US intelligence seeming to downplay the nuclear threat from Iran .
org:alternate_names(e2,e1)	Vietnam	VPAF	The Vietnam People's Armed Forces ( VPAF ) are the armed forces of Vietnam .
per:title(e2,e1)	General Manager	Theo Epstein	Red Sox General Manager Theo Epstein lauded as a veteran with a tremendous makeup . . he 'll fit in well as a utility guy for us .
per:title(e1,e2)	Sasha	singer	Sasha ( born 17 June 1970 ) is a Mexican singer composer actress and TV host .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Luis von Ahn	Carnegie Mellon University	The term was coined in 2000 by Luis von Ahn Manuel Blum Nicholas J. Hopper of Carnegie Mellon University and John Langford of IBM .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Western Michigan Broncos	Kalamazoo	The Western Michigan Broncos baseball team is a varsity intercollegiate athletic team of Western Michigan University in Kalamazoo Michigan USA .
no_relation	Island	PJ Harvey	UK 7 single ( Island Records IS 538 862 037-7 ) Discogs PJ Harvey - 50ft Queenie ( 7 ) at Discogs http://www.discogs.com/P-J-Harvey-50ft-Queenie/release/1633436 Retrieved from discogs.com on 30 April 2010 .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Catawba College	North Carolina	In 1978 McCrory graduated from Catawba College in Salisbury North Carolina and he received a North Carolina teaching certificate that year .
per:cities_of_residence(e2,e1)	London	Heath	The final concert in December 2000 was a sell out at London Festival Hall attended by most Heath personnel past and present and the Heath family .
no_relation	he	Japan	Since then he has promoted Toryumon mainly in Mexico but also holds occasional shows in Japan .
org:founded_by(e2,e1)	Ronald Perelman	MacAndrews Forbes Holdings	On August 20 2004 it was announced that Ronald Perelman 's MacAndrews Forbes Holdings company would buy 70 % of AM General from Renco .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Idaho Botanical Garden	Boise	The Idaho Botanical Garden ( IBG ) is a nonprofit botanical garden located on at 2355 North Old Penitentiary Road Boise Idaho USA .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Matchbox Twenty	Rob Thomas	They recorded the album opposite Matchbox Twenty singer Rob Thomas in Melbourne's Sing Sing Studios over a couple of months .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	MTR Corporation	Hong Kong	It was formerly run by Kowloon-Canton Railway Corporation ( KCR ) but has been leased for 50 years to the MTR Corporation which is partially owned by the Hong Kong Government .
org:members(e1,e2)	OMX	Latvia	Larsson left OMX in 2003 after helping the Swedish stock exchange begin its merger process with the exchanges in Finland Estonia and Latvia .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	ld Naotake Sa	44; Ja	On June 30 Tg to ld Naotake Sa t 44; Ja pan's ambassador in Moscow to try to establish firm and lasting relations of friendship .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Tumbleweed Southwest Grill	Indiana	Tumbleweed Southwest Grill is a chain restaurant based in Louisville Kentucky having originated in New Albany Indiana .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Vietnam	HCMC	There are a number of skyscrapers in Vietnam which are under construction which are : Lotte Center Hanoi 267 meters tall twin towers of The One HCMC with the tallest one is 240 meters .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Paroube	e Czech Republi	Paroube k ( ; born 21 August 1952 ) is a Czech politician who served as the Prime Minister of th e Czech Republi c from 25 April 2005 to 16 August 2006 .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Lehigh Valley Railroad	New Jersey	The Aldene Connection is a connection between two railroad lines in Roselle Park New Jersey United States one formerly belonging to the Central Railroad of New Jersey ( CNJ ) the other formerly of the Lehigh Valley Railroad allowing trains on the New Jersey Transit Raritan Valley Line to travel from Cranford through stations in Roselle Park and Union to the Hunter Connection in Newark which in turn allows access to the Northeast Corridor and Newark Penn Station .
no_relation	August 2012	Jetconnect	As of August 2012 Jetconnect operates all Qantas marketed flights from Auckland and Wellington to Australian destinations .
org:members(e1,e2)	Union	6th Wisconsin Volunteer Infantry Regiment	Meanwhile Wadsworth and the acting Union corps commander Abner Doubleday organized a force to recapture the railroad cut using Cutler's other two regiments and the 6th Wisconsin Volunteer Infantry Regiment of the Iron Brigade .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	University	Donna Shalala	MADD cited former U.S. Department of Health and Human Services Secretary and current University of Miami president Donna Shalala statement that maintaining the legal drinking age at 21 is a socially and medically sound policy that helps parents schools and law enforcement protect our youth from the potentially life-threatening effects of underage drinking .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	he	Punjab	Presently he is MLA of Punjab Vidhan Sabha from Patiala constituency .
per:country_of_birth(e1,e2)	Mikkel Kessler	Denmark	Robert was supposed to face former three-time titleholder Mikkel Kessler in his hometown of Copenhagen Denmark to defend his 168-pound belt on April 14 2012 but Kessler pulled out due to injury .
org:members(e2,e1)	LSU Tigers	Louisiana State University	The 1993 LSU Tigers football team represented Louisiana State University in the college football season of 1993 .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Western Illinois University	Macomb	The station's FCC call sign was changed in 1970 to WIUM to better reflect the station's ownership ( Western Illinois University - Macomb ) and mission .
no_relation	The	Royal Irish Rangers	The Royal Irish Rangers later amalgamated with the Ulster Defence Regiment to form the Royal Irish Regiment with the Northern Irish Territorial Army ( TA ) company remaining as Rangers .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Xenomorph	Netherlands	Xenomorph is a Dutch death metal band formed in 1994 in Leiden the Netherlands .
per:title(e2,e1)	Chancellor	Adolf Hitler	1933 : German Chancellor Adolf Hitler outlaws both the Communist Party and the National Peoples Party permitting only one political party -- the National Socialist German Workers Party or Nazi Party -- thus beginning a Nazi dictatorship .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Nebraska	Mike Johanns	He was appointed the 37th Lieutenant Governor of Nebraska by Governor Mike Johanns on October 1 2001 after David Maurstad resigned to take a post in the George W. Bush administration .
org:founded_by(e1,e2)	Extreme Pita	Mark Rechichi	On May 28 2013 MTY Food Group Inc. said that its subsidiary MTY Tiki Ming Enterprises Inc. has struck an agreement to buy the assets of U.S.-based Extreme Brandz owner of Extreme Pita PurBlendz and Mucho Burrito for $ 45-million ( U.S. ) from the three co-founders Alex Rechichi Mark Rechichi and Sean Black .
no_relation	Ford	July 14 1913	Ford was born Leslie Lynch King Jr. on July 14 1913 at 3202 Woolworth Avenue in Omaha Nebraska where his parents lived with his paternal grandparents .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Indiana State University	Indiana	Condit House is the residence of the president of Indiana State University in Terre Haute Indiana USA .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Abdullah Khan	Afghanistan	Tarzi for America : History - Abdu . . Link Abdullah Khan Tarzi was one of the few members of the Tarzi's family since Ghulam Muhammad Tarzi to lead within Afghanistan ; traditionally most notable Tarzi's have served Afghanistan on the international stage .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	General Motors	Cadillac	General Motors Corp. would focus on 4 brands -- Chevrolet GMC Buick and Cadillac .
org:founded(e1,e2)	Danish Superliga	1991	This is a list of foreign players in the Danish Superliga which commenced play in 1991 .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Kiichi Miyazawa	Japan	A New York Times News Service obituary about Kiichi Miyazawa former prime minister of Japan rendered incorrectly the name of the American general whose lectures during the occupation of Japan were recalled by Miyazawa with distaste .
per:country_of_birth(e1,e2)	Paul-Henri Spaak	Belgium	Paul-Henri Spaak was born on 25 January 1899 in Schaerbeek Belgium to a distinguished Belgian family .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	University of Calicut	Malappuram	The Karipur International Airport and the University of Calicut are located in Malappuram .
org:founded(e1,e2)	Starfish Software	1994	Kahn has founded four software companies : Fullpower Technologies founded in 2003 LightSurf Technologies founded in 1998 ( acquired by VeriSign in 2005 ) Starfish Software founded in 1994 ( acquired by Motorola in 1998 ) and Borland founded in 1982 ( acquired by Micro Focus in 2009 ) .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	Division I	Milwaukee Panthers	He is best known for playing for the NCAA Division I Milwaukee Panthers between 2008-2010 .
no_relation	Manila	URCC	In November 2010 he fought Nate Flores for the vacant URCC Featherweight Title.Kelly stakes win streak in URCC | The Manila Bulletin Newspaper Online Kelly won that fight with a rear naked choke in the first round to maintain his perfect record and become the new URCC Featherweight Champion.Kelly Sarenas clobber URCC foes bag titles | Inquirer Sports Kelly had originally been scheduled to face former King of the Cage champion and Strikeforce Shooto veteran Ryan Diaz but Diaz was forced to pull out of the fight due to injury.URCC - Bakbakan Na !
no_relation	Exchange Stock Market	March 2007	The Libyan Exchange Stock Market ( ) officially opened in Tripoli Libya during March 2007 .
org:members(e1,e2)	Magners League	Wales	The 10th season of the tournament will see the Magners League expanded to four nations as Italy joins Ireland Scotland and Wales in a high profile 12-team cross-border competition designed to considerably enhance both playing standards and commercial viability for the competing countries .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e2,e1)	Wyoming	John Barrasso	Wyoming Republican Sens. Mike Enzi and John Barrasso denounced the ruling .
org:city_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	San Bernardino	CSUSB	In 2011 California State University San Bernardino was named a 2012 Best College in the Western Region by The Princeton Review for the eighth straight year in a row ranking CSUSB among the top 25 percent of universities across the nation.Cal State San Bernardino again listed as among America best Also in 2011 California State University San Bernardino College of Business and Public Administration was recognized by European CEO Magazine as one of the top 20 schools of business in the world and one of the world's 18 most innovative business schools.California State University San Bernardino Recognized By European CEO Magazine | Inland Empire.usCSUSB College of Business and Public Administration Founded in 1965 Cal State San Bernardino's enrollment annually tops .
org:alternate_names(e2,e1)	Social Development Canada	HRSDC	Upon taking office in February 2006 the Conservative Party government of Stephen Harper announced it would recombine the two departments and through a series of Orders in Council Social Development Canada was folded into HRSDC .
no_relation	He	Indonesia	He said that last year rubber demand was affected seriously by global financial crisis resulting in decreasing Indonesia 's natural rubber export .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	He	Defense	He co-authored a hawkish policy document with Wolfowitz in the Department of Defense for its head Dick Cheney after the Gulf War in 1992 .
no_relation	July 12 1947	Vanderbilt University	Richard C. McCarty ( born July 12 1947 ) is a professor of psychology and the provost and vice chancellor of academic affairs at Vanderbilt University in Nashville Tennessee .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	IL	Doug Scott	IL EPA Director Doug Scott said The Illinois EPA strongly believes in the public right to know about any environmental situation that could potentially be harmful to them after stronger legislation was passed in part to address his organizations failings in this case .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Max Baucus	Montana	Sen. Max Baucus of Montana joined with Iowa Republican Sen. Charles Grassley in urging cooperation from four ministries .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	George Washington	Continental Army	In September 1775 it became the first vessel that George Washington commander of the Continental Army ordered outfitted as a warship for the purposes of harassing British supply vessels .
per:title(e1,e2)	Luna-C	DJ	During this period Luna-C very rarely DJ 'd out live instead preferring to be behind the scenes producing tracks for other DJs to play .
org:alternate_names(e1,e2)	Washington College of Law	WCL	The university is composed of seven divisions referred to as colleges or schools which house its academic programs : College of Arts and Sciences ( CAS ) Kogod School of Business ( KSB ) School of Communication ( SOC ) School of International Service ( SIS ) School of Public Affairs ( SPA ) School of Professional Extended Studies ( SPExS ) and Washington College of Law ( WCL ) .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Ghulam Ishaq Khan	Pakistan	Ghulam Ishaq Khan ( ; 20 January 1915 27 October 2006 ) sometimes abbreviated to GIK was the 7th President of Pakistan from 1988 until his resignation in 1993 the only President to have come from the civil bureaucracy .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	England	David Williams	Born in Overton Hampshire England the son of David Williams and Sarah Eliza Williams graduated from Pembroke College Oxford in 1851 .
no_relation	Elizabeth Montgomery	USA	At the beginning of World War II Margaret Harris and Elizabeth Montgomery travelled to the USA to design a production of Romeo and Juliet for Laurence Olivier .
no_relation	James Horner	Black Sabbath	Douglas cites film composers Danny Elfman James Horner John Carpenter Hans Zimmer heavy metal acts King Diamond and Black Sabbath radio dramas and horror film scores as primary musical influences for Midnight Syndicate .
no_relation	McDonnell Aircraft	1967	The DC-10 became McDonnell Douglas's first commercial airliner after the merger between McDonnell Aircraft Corporation and Douglas Aircraft Company in 1967 .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e2,e1)	Maine	Susan Collins	Independent candidate Angus King defeated Democratic Party candidate and former Governor Joseph Brennan a former Governor of Maine Republican Party challenger Susan Collins a regional coordinator of the Small Business Administration and environmentalist Jonathan Carter .
org:members(e2,e1)	Fulbright College	University of Arkansas	In 2012 Fulbright College awarded the most undergraduate degrees of the eight colleges at the University of Arkansas .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Barbados	Owen Arthur	Among the guests were Barbados Prime Minister Owen Arthur .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Interior	Dirk Kempthorne	Interior Secretary Dirk Kempthorne facing a court deadline because of the groups ' earlier lawsuit had announced Wednesday that polar bears would be listed as threatened under the Endangered Species Act .
no_relation	Theodore Roosevelt	National Collegiate Athletic Association	Shriver received the 2002 Theodore Roosevelt Award ( the Teddy ) an annual award given by the National Collegiate Athletic Association to a graduate from an NCAA member institution who earned a varsity letter in college for participation in intercollegiate athletics and who ultimately became a distinguished citizen of national reputation based on outstanding life accomplishment .
org:top_members/employees(e2,e1)	Director	University of South Australia	Lehmann is the founding Director of both the Zero Waste SA Research Centre for Sustainable Design and Behaviour at the University of South Australia ( since 2010 ) and the China-Australia Centre for Sustainable Urban Development an international research centre co-located at the University of South Australia and Tianjin University China ( since 2012 ) .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	John Willinsky	University of British Columbia	The PKP was founded in 1998 by Dr. John Willinsky in the Department of Language and Literacy Education at the Faculty of Education at the University of British Columbia in Vancouver British Columbia Canada based on his research in education and publishing .
no_relation	Robert	Robert III of Scotland	It was said by Alexander Myln that Robert owed his promotion to the affection which King Robert III of Scotland had for Cardeny's sister Mariota who had been the mistress of King Robert II Robert III's father .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	It	The McClatchy Company	It is owned by The McClatchy Company which publishes 31 other newspapers including The Kansas City Star .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Kuomintang	Ma Ying-jeou	It was also a test for the popularity of the leading opposition party Kuomintang which Taipei mayor Ma Ying-jeou assumed the chairmanship of in August 2005 .
no_relation	No Limit	Beats By the Pound	Da Crime Family is the fifth studio album by rap group TRU released June 1 1999 on No Limit and Priority Records and was produced by Beats By the Pound .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Rotaru	Ukraine	Rotaru reported the highest income of all celebrities in Ukraine in 2008 .
org:alternate_names(e2,e1)	Hilliard	Davidson High School	Kyle Garchar a last year student at Hilliard Davidson High School in suburban Columbus said he spent about 20 hours over three days plotting the trick which was captured on video and posted on the video-sharing Web site YouTube .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e2,e1)	Iowa	Tom Harkin	Grassley a conservative Republican and his Senate colleague from Iowa liberal Democrat Tom Harkin have achieved enduring success in this state largely by mastering the politics of farm issues .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e2,e1)	Michigan	Spencer Abraham	Her nomination was blocked by Michigan 's then-U.S. Senator Spencer Abraham for the entirety of Clinton's second term .
org:founded_by(e1,e2)	AlpInvest Partners	NV	The consortium that owns Nielsen is comprised of AlpInvest Partners NV The Blackstone Group LP The Carlyle Group Hellman Friedman LLC Kohlberg Kravis Roberts Co .
per:title(e1,e2)	her	actress	Indeed for four decades Parton 62 has combined her songwriting and marketing skills to reach tremendous heights as a musician actress and entrepreneur .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	school	Illinois	The following teams won their respective IHSA sponsored state championship tournament : In 2005 the school became the first large-enrollment high school in Illinois to have won a state championship in each of football basketball and baseball .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	the Walt Disney Company	Hollywood Records	The group was also the first signing to the Walt Disney Company pop-music-oriented label Hollywood Records which at the time was distributed by Elektra Records .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Paul Davis	Mississippi	Auburn defensive coordinator Paul Davis had been fired as head coach by Mississippi State in 1966 .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Hampton University	Virginia	Van Cleve ended his coaching career as the 13th head coach at Hampton University in Hampton Virginia .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Sabena	Belgium	CAE Global Academy Brussels Sabena Flight Acacemy is an aviation training organisation created in 1953 and located in Steenokkerzeel ( Belgium ) .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Agriculture	Mike Johanns	Among the Senate newcomers will be President Bush's former Agriculture secretary Mike Johanns a Republican leading in contest for the Nebraska Senate seat being vacated by retiring Republican Sen. Chuck Hagel .
org:members(e1,e2)	Union	6th Wisconsin Volunteer Infantry Regiment	After the outbreak of the American Civil War Malloy joined the Union Army and was assigned to the 6th Wisconsin Volunteer Infantry Regiment .
no_relation	NYIT	ECC	NYIT made another run at the ECC title in 2006-07 .
org:alternate_names(e2,e1)	Taiwan	TSMC	Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Co. ( TSMC ) the world's largest contract chip maker said Friday that it has fired an employee of its subsidiary in North America who was arrested the previous day in the United States for alleged insider trading .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Finland	Martti Ahtisaari	It also garnered 12 points from voters in Finland whose former president Martti Ahtisaari is proposing the independence of Kosovo against the will of most Serbs who consider the province their historic heartland .
per:origin(e1,e2)	Muhammad Mian Soomro	Pakistan	As required by the constitution Muhammad Mian Soomro ( in his position as Chairman of the Senate of Pakistan ) automatically became acting President on 18 August 2008 upon the resignation of Musharraf .
no_relation	Regina	her	Born in Regina where her father was a TV reporter for CBC Potvin moved to the Ottawa area when she was two .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	University of Delaware	Delaware	The University of Delaware Botanic Gardens are botanical gardens and an arboretum located on the campus of the University of Delaware in Newark Delaware USA .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Pakistan	Ufone	In the cellular segment the second largest cellular provider in Pakistan Ufone based on GSM 800/1900 technology is also a wholly owned subsidiary of PTCL .
per:spouse(e2,e1)	William	Mary II of England	In chartering the College of William Mary founding benefactors King William III and Queen Mary II of England sought to establish a certain place of universal study to be led by one President six Masters or Professors .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Ingvar Carlsson	Sweden	Winberg held various ministerial posts in the Third cabinet of Ingvar Carlsson and Cabinet of Persson from 1994 to 2003 and was Deputy Prime Minister of Sweden from 2002 to 2003 .
org:top_members/employees(e2,e1)	pediatrician	University of Texas Medical Branch	The products should not be available over-the-counter at least up to age 12 said Wayne Snodgrass a pediatrician and clinical pharmacologist at the University of Texas Medical Branch at Galveston .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Verne Orr	Air Force	Verne Orr who as secretary of the Air Force under President Ronald Reagan oversaw the final development of the B-1 bomber and in a campaign against fraud and waste introduced more competition into the process of bidding for military contracts died Nov. 27 at his home in Pasadena Calif .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Prachanda	Nepal	Chairman Prachanda of Unified Communist Party of Nepal ( Maoist ) ( UCPN-M ) the single largest opposition party of Nepal has suggested Vice President Parmananda Jha resign from his post .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Blaxland	Paul Keating	Blaxland had been held since 1969 by Paul Keating who had been Treasurer under Bob Hawke from 1983 until he defeated Hawke in a leadership challenge in December 1991 becoming Prime Minister of Australia .
org:members(e2,e1)	Boston Celtics	National Basketball Association	The Boston Celtics took advantage of the absence of Cavaliers star LeBron James to edge Cleveland 98-96 Sunday in a National Basketball Association contest .
per:spouse(e2,e1)	Bill Clinton	Hillary Rodham Clinton	The Bermuda Sun reports on its Web site that former U.S. President Bill Clinton and his wife Secretary of State Hillary Rodham Clinton were arriving on the British territory Wednesday for a 3-or 4-day getaway -- depending on the weather .
org:members(e2,e1)	Air China	Star Alliance	Terminal 2 is primarily used by Air China and other Star Alliance members but may be used by SkyTeam and Oneworld airlines .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Marie Henriette of Austria	Belgium	Marie Henriette of Austria ( Marie Henriette Anne ; 23 August 1836 19 September 1902 ) was the queen consort of King Leopold II of Belgium .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Herbert Hoover High School	West Virginia	Herbert Hoover High School ( commonly abbreviated HHHS ) is a public high school in Falling Rock West Virginia .
per:cities_of_residence(e2,e1)	Chicago	Jane Byrne	In Chicago black voters feeling underrepresented and dissatisfied help elect Jane Byrne the city's first woman mayor .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Fudan University	Shanghai	The delegation will visit Beijing University and Tsinghua University in Beijing Fudan University in Shanghai and Xi'an Jiaotong University in Xi'an Shanxi Province .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	National University of Rosario	Argentina	He is a Research Scientist in the Scientific Council of Research of the National University of Rosario professor ( Titular ) in the School of Anthropology of the Faculty of Humanities and Arts of the National University of Rosario in the city of Rosario ( Argentina ) .
no_relation	King	US	In 1990 after more line-up changes King Diamond released the album The Eye which only charted at number 179 in the US which makes The Eye King Diamond's lowest charting album in North America .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	his	Kuomintang	This is a victory for people who hope for change and openness and reform to march forward he told jubilant supporters of his opposition Kuomintang party .
org:members(e2,e1)	Centereach High School	Middle Country Central School District	Centereach High School opened in 1970 to serve the continuing population growth in central Suffolk County and in the Middle Country Central School District .
per:alternate_names(e1,e2)	Tim Alexander	Tim	Claypool replaced them with guitarist Larry LaLonde and drummer Tim Alexander in 1989 ( Tim Herb Alexander left the band in 1996 and was replaced by Brian Brain Mantia ) .
per:country_of_birth(e1,e2)	Whitney Houston	United States	You Give Good Love is a song by American recording artist Whitney Houston released as the lead single from her self-titled debut album entitled Whitney Houston in the United States in February 1985 by Arista Records and the second single from the album in the United Kingdom .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	her	Hawaii	The single was intended to capture her feelings of returning to Hawaii after months of working on tour and on her album .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Mwai Kibaki	Kenya	Annan and his team brokered a power-sharing agreement that pulled President Mwai Kibaki and Prime Minister Raila Odinga out of an electoral dispute that left people dead and tarnished Kenya 's image .
org:city_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Birmingham	Birmingham Conservatoire	Birmingham is an important centre for musical education as the home of the UCE Birmingham Conservatoire founded in 1859 .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Frontier Airlines	Colorado	Rocky Nelson was Founder and President of Arizona Airways from its founding in 1942 until its merger with Challenger and Monarch Airlines June 1 1950 to form Frontier Airlines headquartered in Denver Colorado .
no_relation	the telegraph	1869	The name derives from the telegraph line which crossed the river in 1869 .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Kuomintang	Ma Ying-jeou	The Kuomintang Youth League was established in 2006 by former Kuomintang Chairman Ma Ying-jeou ( R ) during his term as chairman .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Peacock	Liberal Party	With Peacock not contesting the Liberal Party leadership ballot Howard defeated Jim Carlton 57 votes to 6 to become Leader of the party and the Opposition .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Ma Ying-jeou	Kuomintang	16 stocks seen to capitalize on warming cross-strait relations after President Ma Ying-jeou takes over as Kuomintang chairman .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Afghanistan	Habibullah Khan	After the Tarzis ' returned to Afghanistan they were received at Court as wished by the Amir Habibullah Khan .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Greece	Karolos Papoulias	In 2008 Veggos was appointed Commander of the Order of the Phoenix by the President of Greece Karolos Papoulias .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Camp Airy	Thurmont	It is the sister camp of Camp Airy for boys which is located in Thurmont .
org:top_members/employees(e2,e1)	Guo Shuqing	China Construction Bank	The Financial Times last week cited people familiar with the situation as saying that Bank of America chief executive Ken Lewis scrapped the plans after a phone call with Guo Shuqing his counterpart at China Construction Bank .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	JYP Entertainment	Park Jin-young	In addition it was announced that label mates 2AM would open for the Wonder Girls in San Francisco San Diego Las Vegas Englewood CO Chicago. and Seattle A spokesperson for JYP Entertainment delivered an announcement on June 21 that producer and singer Park Jin-young would participate in Hawaii as an opening act for the Wonder Girls .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	University of St Andrews	Fife	The University of St Andrews Rugby Football Club is an affiliated member of the University of St Andrews Athletic Union in Fife Scotland .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	University of St. Thomas	St. Paul	She was graduated from the Academy of Holy Angels and the University of St. Thomas in St. Paul Minnesota .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Brown	United Kingdom	It was published by Mainstream Publishing on 1 April 2010 about a month before Brown resigned as Prime Minister of the United Kingdom .
no_relation	Canadian Mennonite University	Winnipeg	Five of these universities Booth University College Canadian Mennonite University the University of Manitoba the University of Winnipeg and the de Saint-Boniface are in Winnipeg the capital and largest city in the province .
per:origin(e1,e2)	Jomo Kenyatta	Kenya	The family of Jomo Kenyatta is the family of the First president of Kenya and prominent independence leader .
no_relation	Arab Strap	Chemikal Underground	It was first released as a 7 single limited to 700 copies then later on Arab Strap 's debut album The Week Never Starts Round Here both released in 1996 on Chemikal Underground .
org:members(e1,e2)	Canadian	Fox Sports World Canada	TSN did not immediately surrender the channel's licence and filed an intervention in January 2005 with the Canadian Radio-television and Telecommunications Commission ( CRTC ) against a proposed licence amendment for Fox Sports World Canada that may have impacted on WTSN's mandate .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	University of the Punjab	Pakistan	He graduated from the University of the Punjab in 1953 and then undertook a five year course at the Missionary Training College Rabwah Pakistan .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	Kollektivtransportproduksjon	Oslo Sporvognsdrift	The line is owned by the municipal company Kollektivtransportproduksjon and operated by its subsidiary Oslo Sporvognsdrift .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	England	his	Born in 1954 Minghella grew up on the Isle of Wight a holiday island off England 's southern coast where his Italian parents ran an ice cream factory and studied at the University of Hull in northern England .
per:spouse(e1,e2)	MacDonald	Gene Raymond	On June 16 1937 MacDonald married Gene Raymond in a traditional ceremony at Wilshire Methodist Church in Los Angeles .
no_relation	Pony Canyon	Japan	BVDP - BMG Japan COCC COCX - Columbia Japan GNCA - Geneon Entertainment ( formerly Pioneer ) JMI - JVC KICA KIDA KICS KICM - King Record ( Starchild ) KTCR - Kitty LACA - Lantis MMCC - Marine Entertainment PICA PIDA - Pioneer PCCG - Pony Canyon SVWC SRCL - Sony ( including Aniplex ) TKCA 2digits ATC - Tokuma Japan TYCY TYDY - Toshiba-EMI ( Futureland ) VICL VIDL - Victor VPCG - Vap WPCL - Warner Music Japan .
no_relation	Little Richard	Specialty	* Little Richard - Long Tall Sally - Specialty 572 v Jesse Belvin - Goodnight My Love - Modern 1005 .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Harold	England	Harold later succeeded Edward the Confessor and became King of England in his own right in 1066 .
org:city_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Denton	University of North Texas	He attended the public schools of Joy and Bowie Texas and the North Texas State Normal College at Denton Texas ( now the University of North Texas ) .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organisation	Australia	Dr Megan Clark is the Chief Executive of the Australian Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organisation ( CSIRO ) Dr Megan Clark has been Chief Executive of CSIRO since January 2009 Australia national science agency and one of the top 10 applied research organisations in the world .
per:country_of_birth(e1,e2)	Alfredo Stroessner	Paraguay	1989 : A military coup topples strongman Alfredo Stroessner in Paraguay ending his eight successive presidential terms and 35 years of rule .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Newman	Connecticut	A sign famously hangs in Newman 's Westport Connecticut offices that reads If I had a plan I would be screwed .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Sherrod Brown	Ohio	said Sen. Sherrod Brown an Ohio Democrat .
per:title(e2,e1)	President	Pratibha Patil	They were on their way to join other government forces providing security for a visit by Indian President Pratibha Patil Sharma told The Associated Press .
per:alternate_names(e2,e1)	John	Moores	Sears Archives accessed 2 July 2011 Sir John Moores was a British businessman and philanthropist most famous for the founding of the Littlewoods retail company that was located in Liverpool England .
per:country_of_birth(e1,e2)	Kurt Waldheim	Austria	Kurt Waldheim a seemingly colorless diplomat who became secretary general of the United Nations and president of his native Austria only to be barred from the United States for suspected involvement in Nazi war crimes died Thursday at a Vienna hospital .
per:origin(e1,e2)	JUMZ	Dominican	Rafael Ramon ( born March 14 1984 ) better known by his stage name JUMZ is an American rapper of Dominican descent hailing from Washington Heights Manhattan .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Northern Oklahoma college	Oklahoma	Northern Oklahoma college consists of three campuses : The Tonkawa campus of Northern Oklahoma College is the home of the Eleanor Hays Art Gallery which hosts exhibits by Oklahoma artists throughout the academic year .
per:country_of_birth(e2,e1)	Haiti	Henri Christophe	In the same year he went to Haiti where he became head of the new school of drawing and painting set up by King Henri Christophe at his palace of Sans-Souci .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Soviet Union	Andrei Gromyko	For example Mikhail Gorbachev initially did not hold the presidency of the Soviet Union that office being given as an honour to former Soviet Foreign Minister Andrei Gromyko .
org:top_members/employees(e2,e1)	Jeroen van der Veer	company	Given the steep fall of oil prices in recent weeks Chief Executive Jeroen van der Veer said the company was watching the global economic situation closely but added Shell would be profitable amid a wide range of energy prices .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Bongo	Gabon	In his speech Bongo said he wanted to end corruption and injustice in Gabon .
org:top_members/employees(e1,e2)	Indianapolis Metropolitan Police Department	Frank J. Anderson	Ballard said that his first act as mayor would be to put the Indianapolis Metropolitan Police Department back under mayoral control instead of its then-current control by Marion County Sheriff Frank J. Anderson .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Lufthansa	Cologne	Lufthansa 's corporate headquarters are located in Cologne Germany .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Kim Deal	Pixies	According to Kim Deal the title of Pixies ' 1987 mini-LP Come On Pilgrim as well as a similar line from the song Levitate Me derive from a Norman catchphrase used during live performances .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	UK	University of Leicester	The club has a custom build boathouse part funded by money provided by the UK Lottery which is also houses the fleet of De Montfort University Rowing Club and University of Leicester Boat Club .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	JNU	New Delhi	He was the first Dean of the School of Social Sciences JNU New Delhi .
org:founded(e1,e2)	E. Claiborne Robins School of Business	1949	The E. Claiborne Robins School of Business is a part of the University of Richmond and was established in 1949 .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	Columbia	University of South Carolina	The Coach for the Columbia Stingers in 2007 was Corey Miller who played football for both the University of South Carolina and the New York Giants .
org:top_members/employees(e1,e2)	Air New Zealand	Rob Fyfe	In 2009 Air New Zealand 's CEO Rob Fyfe apologised to all those affected who did not receive appropriate support and compassion from the company following the incident and unveiled a commemorative sculpture at its headquarters .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e2,e1)	California	Young	It was recorded in Stockton California at Young 's own studio .
org:founded_by(e1,e2)	Synon	Simon Williams	Synon Ltd was founded in London in 1984 by Simon Williams ( CEO ) Melinda Horton ( COO ) and Nick Knowles ( CTO ) with the objective of developing an application generator for the IBM System/38 platform .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e2,e1)	Maine	Susan Collins	Maine's political parties are relatively weak and she is beholden to neither ; her nonideological approach adheres to the political formula adopted by successful senators from Maine for 60 years from Margaret Chase Smith to George Mitchell to the state's junior senator Susan Collins said Christian Potholm a government professor at Bowdoin College .
per:alternate_names(e2,e1)	Bela G. Lugosi	Lugosi	According to Bela G. Lugosi ( his son ) Forrest Ackerman Dolores Fuller and Richard Sheffield Lugosi never used profanity owned small dogs or slept in coffins .
per:spouse(e2,e1)	Laodice	Antiochus IV Epiphanes	After the death of Seleucus IV Laodice married for the third time her youngest brother Antiochus IV Epiphanes .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Daniel Brewster	Maryland	Republicans won open seats in Arizona and Florida and defeated Democratic incumbents Joseph S. Clark of Pennsylvania Daniel Brewster of Maryland A. S. Mike Monroney of Oklahoma and Wayne Morse of Oregon as well as taking the seat of Frank J. Lausche of Ohio who had been defeated in a primary by John J. Gilligan .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	England	Wolsey	In 1525 after Charles had abandoned England as an ally Wolsey began to negotiate with France and the Treaty of the More was signed with the Regent of France during Francis ' captivity his mother Louise of Savoy .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	United States	Brownie McGhee	He was born in Knoxville Tennessee United States and Granville received his nickname during the early years when he was pushing his older brother Brownie McGhee who was stricken with polio in a wagon with a stick.Toshes Nick .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Jeff Merkley	Oregon	On August 13 2007 Merkley received the endorsements of Democratic Governor Ted Kulongoski and former Democratic Governor Barbara Roberts.Kulongoski Roberts to Co-Chair Merkley for Senate Campaign Jeff Merkley for U.S. Senate Oregon He was endorsed in December 2007 by the Oregon AFL-CIO the state's largest labor federation .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Stuart Murdoch	Belle Sebastian	In Lee's absence many current artists such as Nicole Atkins Golden Animals Clap Your Hands Say Yeah The Dears Siddhartha Names and Faces The Brian Jonestown Massacre Apollo Heights Stuart Murdoch of Belle Sebastian Yo La Tengo and MGMT cite his music as a major influence .
org:top_members/employees(e2,e1)	Prime Minister	Democratic Party of Japan	The Japan Times -- After a historic landslide victory in the Aug. 30 election a new cabinet was launched Wednesday led by Prime Minister Yukio Hatoyama's Democratic Party of Japan .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	GHS	Germantown	GHS students are required to wear school uniforms.School Uniform Requirements Uniforms consist of white button up shirts khaki trousers and navy blue Germantown Promise Academy sweater or cardigan .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Pakistan	Shah Mehmood Qureshi	Pakistan 's foreign minister Shah Mehmood Qureshi told a press conference Saturday that Pakistan will take action against any group within its borders if it was involved in the Mumbai attacks .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Finance	Wouter Bos	Dutch Finance Minister Wouter Bos also sounded the alarm about inflation saying that it was probably the biggest threat to growth but added that it's not one we ca n't beat .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	Canal + Group	Vivendi	PFE's assets were merged into Seagram's existing film studio Universal Pictures after Seagram was dissatisfied with offers to buy the studio ( ironically one of the bidders for PolyGram was Canal + Group owned by Vivendi which would later take over Seagram ) .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	He	Connecticut	He made his home quietly in Westport Connecticut and was devoted to his wife and family .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e2,e1)	Kansas	Sam Brownback	-- Kansas Senator Sam Brownback .
org:alternate_names(e2,e1)	California State University	CSUB	The 2013 WAC will consist of Denver University Idaho University Seattle University New Mexico State University and Utah Valley University in addition to California State University - Bakersfield CSUB Wrestling competes in the Pac-12 conference .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Carnegie Mellon	NCAA	In 2006 the varsity football team was offered a bid to the NCAA Division III playoffs and became one of the first teams in school history ( the first team to win a Division III playoff game was in 1977 when Carnegie Mellon beat Dayton ) and University Athletic Association ( UAA ) conference history to win an NCAA playoff game with a 21 0 shutout of Millsaps College of the SCAC conference .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Reserve Bank of New Zealand	New Zealand	But Reserve Bank of New Zealand governor Alan Bollard went further pointing to the marked slowdown in the New Zealand economy and further deterioration in the outlook for the global economy .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	MacIsaac	Loggerhead	MacIsaac got into a media spat with his label Loggerhead after the label sent out a press release distancing itself from his actions.CANOE - JAM !
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Franklin Pierce	New Hampshire	John D. Hutson the dean and president of Franklin Pierce Law Center in New Hampshire and former judge advocate general of the Navy said the military must tread carefully in deciding which criminals to accept .
per:country_of_birth(e2,e1)	France	Henri de Toulouse-Lautrec	The Toulouse-Lautrec is a museum in Albi in southern France dedicated mainly to the work of the painter Henri de Toulouse-Lautrec who was born near Albi .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	as prod	asted in Taiwan on free-to	It was produced by Comic Ritz International Production ( H ) and Chai Zhi Ping ( ) as prod ucer and boardc asted in Taiwan on free-to -air Chinese Television System ( CTS ) ( A ) .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Nigeria	University	Over two decades in existence the University has come a long way in addressing some of the engineering agricultural scientific environmental and technological challenges common to third world nations like Nigeria having been adjudged the fifth best University with one of the best engineering programmes in Nigeria .
per:country_of_birth(e1,e2)	Dr. Naik	India	Dr. Naik then goes on to enlist the fatwahs of the Deobandi ( Salafi/Wahhabi ) establishment across India who have supported his views on Yazid .
org:members(e1,e2)	Iraq national football team	Iraq	The Iraqi Football Association is the governing body of football in Iraq controlling the Iraq national football team and the Iraq Super League ( also known as Dawri Al-Nokba ) .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Republika Srpska	Radovan Karad?i	A number of Republika Srpska leaders were convicted for the deportations and forcible transfers in the ethnic cleansing that followed the massacre and Radovan Karad?i ? former President of Republika Srpska is currently under trial for the massacre and other crimes against humanity committed in Bijelina .
per:title(e1,e2)	Mike Doughty	singer	The musicians who would end up forming the band Soul Coughing first met at the Knitting Factory where Mike Doughty who would become the lead singer worked as a doorman .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Australia	Johnny O'Keefe	She toured Australia in October 1957 with Little Richard Eddie Cochran Gene Vincent and local rocker Johnny O'Keefe .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e2,e1)	Michigan	Russell A. Alger	Originally opened by George W. Trendle who later purchased radio station WXYZ the theater was named after Michigan Governor Russell A. Alger who served in the American Civil War and held the post of Secretary of War under PresidentWilliam McKinley in 1897 .
org:alternate_names(e2,e1)	Delhi	Delhi College of Engineering	He graduated in Electrical Engineering in 2009 from Delhi Technological University DTU ( formerly Delhi College of Engineering ) .
org:alternate_names(e2,e1)	California State University	CSUN	He helped found San Fernando State College now known as California State University Northridge ( CSUN ) in 1951 and became president of Los Angeles State College now known as California State University Los Angeles ( CSULA ) in 1962 .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Carlton	virgin	Carlton left virgin Records in mid-2005 as she felt that her nonconformist attitude would have created problems for her at the label in the future .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Germany	Wilhelm Cuno	The Cuno strikes were nation-wide strikes in Germany against the government of Reich chancellor Wilhelm Cuno in August 1923 .
org:top_members/employees(e2,e1)	Eduard Limonov	National Bolshevik Party	She was married to Eduard Limonov a controversial Russian novelist and later leader of the National Bolshevik Party whom she met in 1982 in Los Angeles .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Texas Tech University College of Arts Sciences	Lubbock	Texas Tech University College of Arts Sciences is the largest college at Texas Tech University in Lubbock Texas .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Allergan	California	Prior to his position as director of MPI's toxicology department Ali Faqi was a senior scientist at IITRI in Chicago Illinois and Allergan pharmaceuticals in Irvine California .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Bucharest	r C?lin Popescu-T?rice	During his two-day stay in Bucharest Abbas met Traian B?sescu the President of Romania as well as the then-Prime Ministe r C?lin Popescu-T?rice anu Senate Chairman of Romania Ilie and also leaders of both chambers of the Romanian parliament .
org:alternate_names(e1,e2)	South Pacific Combat Air Transport Command	SCAT	Once secured the Green Islands became a forward base for the U.S. South Pacific Combat Air Transport Command ( SCAT ) which supplied material and mail to combat soldiers and evacuated the wounded .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	American Stores	Jewel Food Stores	In 1994 American Stores converted 25 Jewel Food Stores in Chicago Illinois to Osco Drug free standing stores .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	School Council	Summer Hill	In 2002 the School Council determined that the Junior School would become a permanent part of the educational profile at the Summer Hill Campus for the foreseeable future .
org:members(e2,e1)	Oxford University Cricket Club	Oxford University	He appeared in The University Match for Cambridge University Cricket Club against Oxford University Cricket Club at Lord's Cricket Ground in July taking his second five wicket haul with figures of 6/86 in Oxford University 's second-innings .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Edward Hoos	New Jersey	Edward Hoos ( August 31 1850 October 24 1912 ) was the 26th Mayor of Jersey City New Jersey from May 3 1897 to December 31 1901 .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Sun Yat-sen University	Guangzhou	He is also the founder of the Center for Stem Cell Biology and Tissue Engineering at Sun Yat-sen University Guangzhou China .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	He	London	He was also Music Director for two of international designer Hussein Chalayan's London shows .
no_relation	Jawaharlal	Allahabad	Jawaharlal 's father Motilal Nehru was a practicing lawyer at the Allahabad High Court and a prominent and early advocate for India's freedom from British colonial rule .
no_relation	Alexander Downer	war	In 2004 the Australian Embassy became the target of a terrorist car bomb attack which Australian Foreign Minister Alexander Downer described as a declaration of war against the country .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	Coach USA	Stagecoach	Under Stagecoach ownership and the helm of Frank Gallagher the owner of its predecessors Coach USA sought to continue expansion but the company hit hard by the loss of charter business after the September 11 2001 attacks caused Stagecoach to crash to a loss of over ? 524 million at which point Stagecoach having lost over 70 percent of its investment and now under the leadership of its founder Brian Souter after the downturn cost the previous CEO of Stagecoach his job announced that all of the taxicab operations and most of Coach USA's subsidiaries were for sale as Stagecoach sought to focus mostly on operations in the northeast where Coach USA today maintains subsidized transit operations and scheduled service .
org:founded_by(e1,e2)	Monitor Group	Michael Porter	The acquisition is Deloitte's first entrance into the mobile application field Confirmed : Deloitte buys Ubermind looking to play a bigger role in mobile apps On 11 January 2013 Deloitte acquired substantially all of the business of Monitor Group the strategy consulting firm founded by Harvard Business School professor Michael Porter after Monitor filed for bankruptcy protection .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Wayne Closter	Geelong	These include Collingwood Brownlow Medallist Marcus Whelan Wayne Closter a 200 game player with Geelong Football Club and more recently Heath Scotland drafted to Collingwood in 1999 who is now playing fine football with Carlton .
org:city_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Pontedera	Piaggio	S.p.A. of Pontedera Italy to a full line of scooters and one of seven companies today owned by Piaggio .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	Ambrose	New York	The race began early Wednesday at Ambrose Light in New York Bay .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	Teal	EAA Airventure Museum	The Teal was donated to the EAA Airventure Museum in 2002 .
org:alternate_names(e1,e2)	Ministry of Defence	MINDEF	On 31 July 2012 Chan relinquished his appointment in MICA and was appointed as Senior Minister of State in the Ministry of Defence ( MINDEF ) .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e2,e1)	South Dakota	John Thune	After months of playing coy South Dakota Sen. John Thune ( R ) opened the door wide to a potential 2012 presidential bid in a profile piece done on him by the Weekly Standard's Stephen Hayes .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Roy Boudreau	New Brunswick	Roy Boudreau is a former teacher and a New Brunswick politician .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	State	Robert Zoellick	Former Deputy Secretary of State Robert Zoellick who was Bush's former trade chief has emerged as a top candidate for the post .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Ministry of Sound	London	M15 overheard them discussing a possible target being the Ministry of Sound one of London 's most famous nightclubs .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Patriot High School	Brentsville	Brentsville District High School competitive teams and state championships : In 2007 the school announced the construction of a new building Patriot High School that will host some of Brentsville 's current population and the plan to convert the current Brentsville campus into a middle school .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Kosovo	Ramush Haradinaj	Since then three more have been charged including former Kosovo prime minister Ramush Haradinaj who is currently on trial here .
no_relation	Ingraham	Bahamas	Ingraham is married to the former Delores Miller of Long Island Bahamas ; the couple has five children .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Macedonia	Nikola Gruevski	Macedonia 's conservative Prime Minister Nikola Gruevski recently said he opposed one proposed name Republic of Northern Macedonia and would call a referendum if it were officially presented as a solution .
no_relation	Norway	Denmark	The audience is mainly from Sweden Norway and Denmark .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Health and Human Services	Tommy Thompson	A decision would rest with the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention and Health and Human Services Secretary Tommy Thompson .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Ukraine	Mykola Azarov	Industrial production in Ukraine in October grew by 11.5 percent compared to the same period of 2009 Ukrainian Prime Minister Mykola Azarov said Friday .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Mexico	Lerdo de Tejada	The main line from Mexico City to Veracruz was dedicated on January 1 1873 by President Lerdo de Tejada ; branches connected Ometusco to Pachuca and Apizaco to Puebla .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	Wheaton	Northfield	When Wheaton died in 1882 at the age of 72 the bank and businesses of Northfield closed for the funeral as a sign of respect .
per:country_of_birth(e1,e2)	Cherry	Sweden	It is the album's opening track and gained substantial radio success reaching # 3 in Ireland # 5 in the US # 6 in the UK and # 2 in Cherry 's native Sweden .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	John W. Baird	Ontario	John W. Baird was born in Motherwell Ontario a farming town about 50 km .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Ahmed Ouyahia	Algeria	In his meeting with Algerian Prime Minister Ahmed Ouyahia visiting Chinese top legislator Wu Bangguo called Algeria as an important cooperation partner noting that China highly values its strategic and cooperative relations with Algeria .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Robert E. Lee High School	Texas	Justin played football at Robert E. Lee High School in Tyler Texas .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Tehran University of Medical Sciences	Tehran	Alongside his academic career he has held administrative positions including ( inter alia ) as founder and head of the pathology department of Shariati Hospital Dean of Tehran University of Medical Sciences ( TUMS ) Director of the pathology group of TUMS member of the High Council of the Iranian national blood transfusion organization and President of Shariati Hospital in Tehran .
org:city_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Victoria	Camosun College	In 1997 he moved to Victoria British Columbia to join the Camosun College Foundation .
org:top_members/employees(e2,e1)	William M. Landes	University of Chicago	Prof. William M. Landes is also a board member of the Smart Museum of Art which is located in the University of Chicago 's Hyde Park Campus .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	RBS	UK	In February 2009 RBS reported that while Goodwin was at the helm it had posted a loss of 24.1 billion the biggest loss in UK corporate history .
no_relation	Cherry Jones	Paris	Guest hosts for the series have included : Cherry Jones Paris Barclay Janeane Garofalo Lesley Gore Lea DeLaria Madonna Jade Esteban Estrada Nathan Lane Howard Dean Gavin Newsom Helen Thomas Nancy Grace RuPaul Angela Lansbury Jerry Herman Carol Channing Larry Kramer Barbara Gittings Lillian Faderman Judy Shepard Susan Sarandon Billie-Jean King Lily Tomlin Melissa Etheridge Esera Tuaolo Martina Navratilova Judith Light Margaret Cho Le Tigre Lady Bunny Wilson Cruz Alan Cumming Bill Brochtrup Staceyann Chin and Lisa Leslie .
no_relation	Sido	Aggro Berlin	In August 2008 Bushido uploaded a 10 minute long video on YouTube where he made fun of Sido Fler and also Bass Sultan Hengzt and claims of having seen Sido kissing a man backstage.Bushido disst Sido Bushido Sido On December 2008 Aggro Berlin released its sampler Aggro Anti Ansage Nr .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Sheldon Jackson College	Sitka	McAdams graduated from Sheldon Jackson College in Sitka with a bachelor's degree in education .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Iran	Mahmoud Ahmadinejad	Iran launched its first space research center on Monday in Tehran in presence of President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad the official IRNA news agency reported .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Urho Kekkonen	Finland	Urho Kekkonen 's second cabinet was the 33rd government of Republic of Finland .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	University of Mississippi	Oxford	One of the state's major universities the University of Mississippi is located within the district at Oxford .
org:founded(e2,e1)	1967	Cambrian College	It was founded in 1967 as a campus of Sudbury's Cambrian College and became an independent institution in 1972 .
per:origin(e1,e2)	Zafar Iqbal	Pakistani	Zafar Iqbal ( ) is a Pakistani triple jumper .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	State	Dean Acheson	The US had been a fervent supporter of the ECSC's efforts from the beginning and Secretary of State Dean Acheson sent Jean Monnet a dispatch in the name of President Truman confirming full US diplomatic recognition of the ECSC .
per:alternate_names(e1,e2)	he	Black Magic	In 1992 he began wrestling for CMLL in Mexico as Black Magic winning the CMLL World Heavyweight Championship and holding it until losing to Silver King in 1994 .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Germany	Walter Ulbricht	The Economic System of Socialism ( ESS ) was an economic policy implemented in East Germany between 1968 1970 led by General Secretary of the Socialist Unity Party Walter Ulbricht .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Notre Dame	Puerto Rico	Notre Dame is currently the biggest private school in Puerto Rico with more than students from pre-kindergarten through twelfth grade .
per:country_of_birth(e1,e2)	Manuel	Mexico	Two of ' sons work as professional wrestlers under the names Dr. Wagner Jr. and Silver King and one of his grandsons made his wrestling debut in 2009 under the name El Hijo de Dr. Wagner Jr. or Dr. Wagner III Manuel was born on April 13 1936 in Zacatecas Zacatecas Mexico although later on he would be billed as being born in 1941 .
per:spouse(e1,e2)	Lawford	Patricia Kennedy	Lawford 's first wife was Patricia Kennedy Lawford a sister of John and Robert ; Lawford was very close to the Kennedy family for over a decade including the time of Monroe's death .
no_relation	Plekhanov Russian Economic University	The State University of Management	Among the best are the Finance Academy under the Government of RF ; Plekhanov Russian Economic University ; The State University of Management and the State University - Higher School of Economics .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e2,e1)	Puerto Rico	Tito Rojas	Beginning in 1990 the salsa romantica that began in the 1980s becomes a standard in tropical music thanks to chart-topping stars mainly from Puerto Rico such as Marc Anthony Jerry Rivera Tito Rojas Manuelle and Gilberto Santa Rosa .
per:cities_of_residence(e2,e1)	London	David Suchet	In 1979 Trevor Nunn directed a Royal Shakespeare Company production at the Aldwych Theatre in London with a cast that included David Suchet Richard Griffiths Wanamaker Peter McEnery Ian Charleson Juliet Stevenson and David Bradley .
no_relation	Don Cherry	Ornette Coleman	The Creative Music Studio ( CMS ) founded by Karl Berger Don Cherry and Ornette Coleman invited composers and performers such as John Cage Ed Blackwell Carlos Santana Don Cherry Anthony Braxton and Carla Bley to give two-week workshop/performances with the students .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Chuan Leekpai	Thailand	The grand opening ceremony on July 1 1998 included Chuan Leekpai prime minister of Thailand .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Francis Marion University	Florence	It's like the old joke - that when a Southerner dies he has to change planes in Atlanta to get to heaven said Neal Thigpen a political science professor at Francis Marion University near Florence S.C. Getting the Republican presidential nomination without the backing of white evangelicals in South Carolina is as tough as chewing on a nickel steak .
no_relation	Mavado	David Brooks	After a string of hits in 2005 and 2006 Mavado released the album Gangsta for Life : The Symphony of David Brooks 10 July 2007 on VP Records .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Metropolitan State College of Denver	Denver	Title : Teacher Education Elementary Education Tenure Track Faculty Employer : Metropolitan State College of Denver Teacher Education Location : Denver CO United States Posted : Nov 13 .
no_relation	Company	J. G. Brill and Company	The ordered 62 coaches and six combination baggage mail units split between Jackson and Sharp Company and J. G. Brill and Company at Philadelphia which had 46 cars from the order .
per:title(e2,e1)	President	Heydar Aliyev	The Ministry of Economic Development was established on April 30 2001 as per Presidential Decree of President Heydar Aliyev No. 475 in accordance with structural reforms within the Azerbaijani government .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	South Carolina	Nikki Haley	In South Carolina Gov. Nikki Haley ( R ) enacted a restrictive law requiring government-issued IDs at the polls and supplied voters with free IDs and carpools to state DMVs ; however the ID requirement was blocked by the Justice Department .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Robinson	Virginia	Robinson Secondary School the largest school in the Commonwealth of Virginia includes a middle school ( grades 7-8 ) and a high school ( grades 9-12 ) .
org:alternate_names(e2,e1)	American Volunteer Group	Flying Tigers	Alsop entered the Navy and used his political connections to be assigned to Claire Chennault's American Volunteer Group to become famous as the Flying Tigers as Staff Historian while the group was training at Toungoo Burma .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Metaxas	Greece	Metaxas died in 29 January 1941 leaving an unfinished plan ( never published ) concerning a new constitution for Greece aiming to a new form of government whithout the disadvantages of the old parliamentary system .
org:top_members/employees(e1,e2)	PETA	Ingrid Newkirk	PETA President Ingrid Newkirk says of Tyson's breathtaking passion for his pigeons : One wonders if Mike Tyson realizes that . . these gentle loyal birds who race their hearts out trying to get home to their life mates often end up lost in storms or coming home just have their necks wrung for failure to beat their competitor's time .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	Ma	Guangzhou	DAB Vice Chairman Ip Kwok-him said earlier Wednesday that Ma was hospitalized in Guangzhou with colon cancer and was in serious condition .
no_relation	2002	BorgWarner	In 2002 BorgWarner Inc. was split into two key business divisions : The following are subsidiary companies of the parent BorgWarner Inc. and/or its primary divisions and outline their respective products : BorgWarner Inc .
org:founded(e2,e1)	1962	Black Watch	In 1962 the Castle became the Regimental Headquarters and Museum of The Black Watch .
per:cities_of_residence(e2,e1)	Cairo	Gamal Abdel Nasser	Located in Nasr City ; a suburb north east of Cairo it was completed in 1960 and was inaugurated by President Gamal Abdel Nasser on 23 July that year the eighth anniversary of the Egyptian Revolution of 1952 .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	N.U.T.	UK	Ronald Gould's tenure as General Secretary of the N.U.T. was at a period of immense change in UK schooling heralded by the post-war Education reforms .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	stockholm	Oddsson	led the independence party from 1983 to 1991 when he lost an inner partial election to then vice-chairman of the party and mayor of stockholm Oddsson .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Rita Fan	Legislative Council	Mrs. Rita Fan President of the Legislative Council also released a statement on behalf of the Legislative Council extending my deepest condolences to Ma's family .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Whole Foods Market	Texas	Ok my name is Jeff and I work at a Whole Foods Market store in north Texas .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	State Trading Organization	Maldives	An operating State Trading Organization exists in the Maldives .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Liu	KMT	Liu is a KMT member .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Quince Orchard High School	Gaithersburg	Quince Orchard High School ( QOHS ) also known as Q.O. High School is a secondary school located on Quince Orchard Road in an unincorporated area of Gaithersburg in Montgomery County Maryland United States .
org:founded(e1,e2)	Crass	1977	The Roth Gallery exhibition was also accompanied by a publication : Crass 1977 - 1984 PPP Editions 2011 To celebrate the Diamond Jubilee of Queen Elizabeth II the Mott Collection exhibited a collection of sixty 7 punk singles including records by The Clash Ian Dury The Cortinas and the Buzzcocks among others .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	MA	Tweeter	Disc One Disc Two Live in Mansfield MA or Live in Mansfield ( Boston ) MA was recorded at Tweeter Center for the Performing Arts in Mansfield Massachusetts on 30 August 2003 .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Buffalo Airways	Northwest Territories	Buffalo Airways is a family-run airline based in Hay River Northwest Territories Canada established in 1970 by Joe McBryan also known as Buffalo Joe .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	China	China University of Political Science and Law	LaKritz also studied law at China 's prestigious East China University of Political Science and Law in Shanghai .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Blyth Community College	Northumberland	Blyth Community College situated in south east Northumberland is able to hold 1500 students throughout the building .
per:cities_of_residence(e2,e1)	New York	Carole King	Greenwich was in her early 20s when she joined the celebrated Brill Building school of songwriters named for the New York workplace of such renowned pop tunesmiths as Jerry Leiber and Mike Stoller Doc Pomus Neil Sedaka Gerry Goffin and Carole King .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Norfolk and Norwich University Hospital	Norfolk	In late 2001 most of the Norfolk and Norwich University Hospital NHS Trust's services had left the Norfolk and Norwich Hospital for the new university hospital on the Norwich Research Park http://www.nrp.org.uk with the last departments vacating the site in January 2003 .
per:spouse(e1,e2)	Alexandra of Denmark	Edward	The Crown of Queen Alexandra was the consort crown of Alexandra of Denmark the queen consort of King Edward VII of the United Kingdom .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Tomiichi Murayama	Japan	The fund was created two years later by then prime minister Tomiichi Murayama the only socialist to lead Japan in recent times .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	South Australia	Mike Rann	The incumbent Liberal Party of Australia led by Premier of South Australia John Olsen defeated the Australian Labor Party led by Leader of the Opposition Mike Rann forming a minority government with the SA Nationals and independent MPs .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Richard Riley	South Carolina	jpg | Richard Riley JD 1959 former Governor of South Carolina 6th United States Secretary of Education Image : Joe Wilson official photo portrait color.jpg | Joe Wilson JD 1972 the U.S. Representative for Image : Larry Kellner.jpg | Larry Kellner BS 1981 former CEO of Continental Airlines member of the Boeing board of directors During its more than two hundred year history the University has had 27 presidents .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Essex District High School	Essex	Essex District High School is a public secondary school in Essex in the centre of Essex County .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Slovakia	Robert Fico	Slovakia will not let Hungarian President Laszlo Solyom enter the country for a private visit Prime Minister Robert Fico said Friday cranking up the two EU nations's war of words .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Mike Johanns	Agriculture	If confirmed by the Senate Edward Schafer a former two-term Republican governor of North Dakota from 1992 to 2000 will replace Mike Johanns to head the Agriculture Department after Johanns resigned in September to prepare the bid for the Nebraska Senate seat at the end of next year .
per:cities_of_residence(e2,e1)	Canvey Island	Dr Feelgood	Lewis ' first performances were as a member of the Southside Jug Band on Canvey Island which included future Dr Feelgood members Brilleaux and John B Sparks together with Chris White .
no_relation	Austria	Gusenbauer	Serbia is an anchor of stability and prosperity in the Western Balkans and Austria and Romania promote its European perspective Gusenbauer said .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Francesco Cossiga	Italy	President Francesco Cossiga appointed him to the Constitutional Court of Italy 4th of February 1991 and woved nine days after .
no_relation	Canada	it	Canada was warned last month it risked scrutiny .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e2,e1)	Kentucky	Mitch McConnell	Progress Kentucky a SuperPAC focused on defeating Mitch McConnell in 2014 hosted a press conference in front of the senator's Louisville office to highlight the report findings .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Vikram University	Madhya Pradesh	Poet Rath is Retired Professor and Head of School of Studies in Sanskrit Vikram University Ujjain Madhya Pradesh of India and Ex-Director of Kalidasa Academy of Ujjain .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Stat Quo	Aftermath	Stat Quo became the second artist to be signed to Shady and Aftermath after 50 Cent .
per:cities_of_residence(e2,e1)	Detroit	Raymond Parks	Later that year at the urging of her brother and sister-in-law in Detroit Michigan Sylvester and Daisy McCauley Rosa and Raymond Parks and her mother moved north to join them .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	State	Thomas DiNapoli	Personal incomes tumbled almost twice as much in New York as in the rest of the United States -- a 3.1-percent drop in 2009 from 2008 totaling a staggering 908 billion U.S. dollars in lost income according to New York State Comptroller Thomas DiNapoli .
per:title(e2,e1)	President	Mahmoud Abbas	The militant Islamic Hamas overran Gaza in 2007 leaving the Palestinians with two governments -- a Hamas regime in Gaza and Western-backed Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas of Fatah ruling the West Bank .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Denmark	Danfoss	Mads Clausen ( 21 October 1905 27 August 1966 ) born in Elsmark parish of Havnbjerg municipality of Nordborg in Denmark was a Danish industrialist and founder of Danfoss in 1933 .
per:country_of_birth(e1,e2)	Fripp	England	Fripp was born in Wimborne Minster Dorset England .
per:title(e2,e1)	President	Colom	Later on President Colom stated that We believe Agatha could wreak more damage in the country than Hurricane Mitch and Hurricane Stan .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	French Polynesia	Gaston Flosse	On January 22 2003 with the agreement of Holland America and Carnival the President of the Territorial Government of French Polynesia Gaston Flosse ordered the scuttling of the Wind Song .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Suburban Legends	Dallas Cook	Rump Shaker was the last Suburban Legends album to feature trombonist Dallas Cook who died in a hit-and-run motorcycle accident on October 19 2005 .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Kahlo	Mexico	The exhibit includes the first two photographs taken and signed by Kahlo and a never-before-seen painting from Rivera's first impressionist era said La Casa Azul Kahlo's home south of Mexico City which was turned into a museum after her death .
org:founded(e2,e1)	1979	German Football League	In 1979 the American Football Bundesliga later to be renamed the German Football League GFL German Football League AFVD website accessed : 29 December 2010 was formed consisting of six clubs the Frankfurter Ansbach Grizzlies Panther Munich Cowboys Berlin Bears and Bremerhaven Seahawks.Geschichte AFVD website accessed : 29 December 2010 The first official game of the league was played on 4 August 1979 between the and the Panther and ended in a victory for Frankfurt .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Geir Haarde	Iceland	Negotiations on continuing the coalition broke down the next day apparently over demands from the Social Democratic Alliance to take over the leadership of the government and Geir Haarde tendered the government's resignation to the President of Iceland Ragnar .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Motown	Levi Stubbs	Later on as his Motown career developed Gaye would seek inspiration in fellow label mates such as David Ruffin of The Temptations and Levi Stubbs of the Four Tops as their grittier voices led to Gaye and his producer seeking a similar sound in recordings such as I Heard It Through the Grapevine and That's the Way Love Is .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	Griffith University	Centre for Public Culture	She is currently a Professor at Griffith University 's Centre for Public Culture and Ideas and is Chair of the Queensland Design Council .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Mohammad Najibullah	Afghanistan	It commemorates the day when Mujahideen rebel forces overthrew Mohammad Najibullah 's Democratic Republic of Afghanistan in 1992 .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	Pakistan	MQM	Asif Zardari who is now President of Pakistan is said to have said in a court premises in Karachi that the Jinnahpur scandal was created to malign the MQM .
org:founded_by(e1,e2)	Portland Pilots	University of Portland	The 2010 11 Portland Pilots men's basketball team represented University of Portland in the 2010 11 college basketball season .
per:title(e2,e1)	President	Francisco Antonio Pinto	She was born in Santiago the daughter of President Francisco Antonio Pinto and of former First Lady Luisa Garmendia Aldurralde .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Classified	Canada	In 1988 the Jasper Park Information Centre was designated a Classified Federal Heritage Building and in 1992 it was designated a National Historic Site of Canada .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Little Feat	Bill Payne	Hayward helped form Little Feat in 1969 along with frontman Lowell George Bill Payne and Roy Estrada .
org:members(e1,e2)	United States	18th Military Police Brigade	Sembach is the home of the United States Army's 230th Military Police Company the 95th Military Police Battalion 18th Military Police Brigade the 30th Medical Command and the 786th Security Forces Squadron regional training center .
per:origin(e2,e1)	Japanese	Hibari Misora	Japanese People's Honour Award-winning singer Hibari Misora belonged to the label .
no_relation	18	Emory University	He also played basketball from age 13 to 18 in the Amateur Athletic Union Braun went to college at Emory University in Atlanta .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Nepal	Prachanda	Chairman of Unified Communist Party of Nepal ( Maoist ) ( UCPN-M ) Prachanda has claimed that the nation would get the new Prime Minister in the third round of election to be held on Monday .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Belgian	Fabrique Nationale de Herstal	A very international piece of weaponry it was closely modeled after the American John Browning's M1903 made by the Belgian Fabrique Nationale de Herstal and was produced by over 50 Spanish companies but primarily by the Spanish Gabilondo y Urresti firm ( the official Gabilondo Ruby ) .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Malaysia	Mahathir bin Mohamad	At the ceremony to launch the university was the fourth Prime Minister of Malaysia at the time Dato Seri ( now Tun ) Dr. Mahathir bin Mohamad who also officiated the university's groundbreaking event at it campus site in the Kampar town in the state of Perak Professor Dato Dr. Chuah Hean Teik took over the helm as the new President of UTAR on 1 April 2008 when Tan Sri Datuk Dr. Ng Lay Swee retired as the President .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	Her	Manly	Her mother was only seventeen years old and unmarried so she was soon adopted by Neil and Valerie Beachley who lived in nearby Manly .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Paolo De Castro	Agriculture Food and Forestry Policies	Paolo De Castro ( born 2 February 1958 ) is an Italian politician and former Italian Minister of Agriculture Food and Forestry Policies .
org:top_members/employees(e2,e1)	Braxton Bragg	Army of Tennessee	He was promoted by Braxton Bragg to the rank of major and given command of the reserve artillery battalion of the Army of Tennessee which he led at Chickamauga in September 1863 .
no_relation	Then	Gary Hughes	The sessions quickly turned into more of a band situation and Ten was formed.Now Then Records : Ten Profile Between The Robe and Spellbound albums Gary Hughes released his third solo album named Precious Ones .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Franklin Pierce	New Hampshire	Franklin Pierce University is a small private non-profit regionally-accredited university in rural Rindge New Hampshire in the United States .
org:founded(e1,e2)	Hapag-Lloyd Express	2002	Hapag-Lloyd Express was established in 2002 and began operations in December 2002 .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	He	Triumph	He co-wrote and contributed lead vocals to a significant number of Triumph songs and also performed this function live .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	school	Delaware	Currently the school has more than 200 students on a campus and is recognized as Delaware 's oldest Montessori school .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Khalida	University of Karachi	Khalida holds M.A. Ph.D. degrees in International Relations from University of Karachi .
org:founded(e1,e2)	Falcons	1947	The Falcons Rugby Union was originally founded in 1947 and was previously known as the Eastern Transvaal Rugby Football Union .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	The Sun	News International	In June 2009 it was announced that she would leave The Sun in September 2009 to become chief executive of the newspaper's parent company News International .
org:members(e2,e1)	Central Districts Football Club	South Australian National Football League	He struggled to hold his place in a strong Hawthorn side the following two seasons and left the club to play for Central Districts Football Club in the South Australian National Football League ( SANFL ) in 1988 .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Kosovo	Hashim	The leadership of the newly declared nation of Kosovo is rooted in the KLA ; Hashim the new Prime Minister was a member of its inner circle .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Treasury	Robert J. Walker	Patterson wrote in August 1845 to Treasury Secretary Robert J. Walker that Longacre is a gentleman of excellent character highly regarded in this community and has acquired some celebrity as an engraver of copper ; but he is not a Die-Sinker .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Terence O'Neill	Northern Ireland	Arthur's younger son and another of Lord O'Neill's grandsons was Terence O'Neill Prime Minister of Northern Ireland .
per:origin(e2,e1)	French	Patrick Demarchelier	Trentini dated photographer Victor Demarchelier son of legendary French photographer Patrick Demarchelier for about three years .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Prachanda	Nepal	Prachanda was born in Dhikur Pokhari a village in Kaski District some west of Nepal 's capital Kathmandu .
org:members(e2,e1)	Apollyon Sun	Mayan Records	God Leaves ( And Dies ) is the debut EP by Swiss Industrial metal band Apollyon Sun released in 1997 on Mayan Records .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Dirk Kempthorne	Interior	After Dirk Kempthorne the Republican Secretary of the United States Department of the Interior listed the bear as threatened on May 14 2008 Palin sued the federal government claiming that the listing would adversely affect energy development in the bears ' habitat off Alaska's northern and northwestern coasts while again questioning the scientific basis for the listing .
org:city_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Bangladesh	BRAC University	The consortium has undertaken research on access equity and learning in basic education ( including lower secondary schooling ) in Bangladesh at BRAC University India at National University of Educational Planning and Administration ( NUEPA ) Ghana at University of Education Winneba and at University of Cape Coast South Africa at the University of the Witwatersrand and with the Institute of Education University of London and the Centre for International Education University of Sussex on a large scale with high level partners over five years .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	New Brunswick	Bernard Lord	thumb | 240px | Facilities such as the Southeast Regional Correctional Centre outside Shediac New Brunswick are administered by the Department of Public Safety.The Department of Public Safety in the Canadian Province of New Brunswick was formed when Premier Bernard Lord restructured government departments on March 23 2000 .
org:alternate_names(e1,e2)	Calday Grange Grammar School	Wirral	Calday Grange Grammar School was the first Wirral School to convert to Trust Status .
org:members(e2,e1)	Liverpool	Premier League	Also Liverpool were unbeaten in their last 30 home Premier League matches at Anfield 21 wins and 9 draws before losing 3 1 to Aston Villa in August 2009 .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Caro	Puerto Rico	Caro enrolled at the University of Puerto Rico in literature to enhance her Spanish skills .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	General Motors	Wuling	General Motors produces cars and trucks in 37 countries and sells and services the vehicles through the following brands : Chevrolet Buick GMC Cadillac Baojun Holden Isuzu Jie Fang Opel Vauxhall and Wuling .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Thomas Jefferson	Democratic-Republican	At the time in Philadelphia there was great animosity between the Federalists and Thomas Jefferson 's Democratic-Republican Party .
per:title(e2,e1)	composer	Michael Andrews	Hand on String is the 2006 debut solo album from film and television score composer Michael Andrews ( credited on the album as Mike Andrews ) .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Young Buck	G-Unit	The two camps have since released a multitude of songs against each other while the feud seems to be settling down as of late 2008 with Young Buck stating he's been working on his latest album which will still be released under the G-Unit label.Shaheem Reid ( October 21 2008 ) Young Buck Says The Rehab Will Sell A Million In A Week MTV.com Accessed November 29 2008 .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Centennial Secondary School	Ontario	The Brampton Centennial Secondary School shooting was a school shooting that occurred at Brampton Centennial Secondary School in Brampton Ontario Canada on May 28 1975 .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Bluey	Australia	The Bluey Day Foundation is a not-for-profit organisation in Australia and calls upon national Police Ambulance Fire and Emergency Services as well as the general community to raise funds to support children with cancer and other serious illnesses .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Divine Word Seminary	E. Rodriguez Boulevard	In the Philippines the Central House of the Divine Word Missionaries is the Divine Word Seminary in E. Rodriguez Boulevard Quezon City .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Germany	its	Germany 's Software AG is extending the contract of Karl-Heinz Streibich its chief executive since October 2003 to the end of March 2015 .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Pete Domenici	New Mexico	When it appeared that Senator Pete Domenici was going to run for re-election in 2008 a Wilson-Madrid rematch was considered a strong possibility especially considering Wilson's role in the firing of US Attorney for New Mexico David Iglesias but following Domenici's poll numbers dropping as a result of the scandal it appeared Madrid may have considered running against him .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e2,e1)	New York	Lotte Lenya	Her second cousin ( also a Hochstetter descendant ) was Kurt Weill ( born 2 Mar 1900 in Dessau and died 3 April 1950 in Haverstraw New York ) the famous music composer of the The Threepenny Opera and Mack the Knife who married Lotte Lenya ( born 18 October 1898 in Vienna and died 27 November 1981 in Haverstraw New York ) the famous Austrian singer .
org:founded_by(e1,e2)	American International Pictures	James H. Nicholson	Cellular Abroad was founded in 2002 by Sebastian Harrison son of cult film star and b-movie legend Richard Harrison and grandson of American International Pictures co-founder James H. Nicholson .
org:top_members/employees(e2,e1)	Alexandra Shulman	Vogue	Alexandra Shulman editor of British Vogue said : He influenced a whole generation of designers .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	South Australia	Adelaide High School	TNMHS is one of only three public schools in South Australia that offer Rowing as a summer sport the other two public schools being Adelaide High School and Unley High School .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Health and Human Services	Donna Shalala	Secretary of Health and Human Services Donna Shalala was unmarried with no children while Secretary of Energy Hazel O'Leary and Ambassador to the United Nations Madeleine Albright had children that were grown .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	They	Coral	They signed on with another label Coral Records a subsidiary of Decca .
no_relation	Pete Rock	Diddy	The group was from Mount Vernon which was also home at one point to not only Pete Rock 's extended musical family but also to hip-hop artists Heavy D P Diddy and DMX .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	Meccano	Hornby	In 1964 Tri-ang took over the parent Meccano company ( which included Hornby trains as well as Meccano itself ) .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	her	France	Concern for her own health together with the anguish of leaving her husband and children in occupied France was hard to bear and she did make several dangerous visits back to France enduring detention by German troops at the Swiss border on more than one occasion .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Squadron	United Kingdom	The primary focus for the Squadron and latterly the Wing has been Lines of Communication Policing and policing of deployed operations and exercises in the United Kingdom and overseas .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	James Baker	Staff	Whittlesey was named Assistant to the President for Public Liaison in 1983 at the suggestion of Ronald Reagan's Ambassador to Austria and personal assistant Helene A. von Damm and with the urging of White House Chief of Staff James Baker and Deputy Chief of Staff Michael Deaver .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Hathaway	Wyoming	In 1966 Hathaway was elected Governor of Wyoming and was re-elected to a second term by a large margin in 1970 .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	NSE	Punjab National Bank	NCDEX is a professionally managed online multi-commodity exchange set up in 2003 by ICICI Bank Ltd LIC NABARD NSE Canara Bank CRISIL Goldman Sachs Indian Farmers Fertiliser Cooperative Limited ( IFFCO ) and Punjab National Bank .
org:city_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Brussels-based	CSC	According to the Brussels-based World Steel Association CSC which is largely state-owned was the 26th-largest steel producer in the world in 2008 .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Yitzhak Rabin	Israel	In 1977 while serving as Washington correspondent of Haaretz he revealed that Leah Rabin wife of prime minister Yitzhak Rabin had a United States bank account illegal in Israel at the time .
per:title(e2,e1)	actress	Michelle Williams	He is the father of actress Michelle Williams .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Germany	Robert Bosch GmbH	The engineering division of Germany Robert Bosch GmbH is working on the timing mechanism of the engine .
org:members(e2,e1)	Malaysia Airports	Kuala Lumpur International Airport	MAHB also provides airport management services for the Angkor International Airport and Phnom Penh International Airport in Cambodia through a joint-venture arrangement with de Paris Management S.A Malaysia Airports owns Training Centre ( MATC ) located near Kuala Lumpur International Airport and Penang International Airport .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Treasury	Paul O'Neill	Boosting Obama's appeal for a break with partisan politics two ex-members of President George W. Bush's administration -- Treasury secretary Paul O'Neill and Securities and Exchange commissioner William Donaldson -- also attended .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Honda	Japan	The Honda Dualnote ( also branded as the Acura DN-X ) is a hybrid sports car concept that was initially unveiled at Japan 's Tokyo Motor Show in 2001 .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	LHI	ISB	Impressed Hokom convinced her boyfriend Lee Hazlewood owner of LHI Records to sign the post-breakup Parsons and Nuese to an exclusive contract as the ISB .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Tony Palacios	Guardian	Tony Palacios is the lead guitarist of the Christian hard rock band Guardian .
per:origin(e2,e1)	Canadian	Norval Morrisseau	In 1999 Loates entered an agreement with Aboriginal Canadian artist Norval Morrisseau also known as Copper Thunderbird and the Picasso of the North to produce a folio of serigraphics based upon thirty of his original works of art .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Matthew Lokan	Collingwood	Matthew Lokan ( born 20 November 1982 ) is an Australian rules footballer who has played for Collingwood Football Club in the Australian Football League ( AFL ) .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Fisk University	Tennessee	Fisk University is a historically black university founded in 1866 in Nashville Tennessee United States .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Atlantic	Winger	While Reb Beach was working on Fiona Flanagan's Beyond the Pale record at Atlantic Winger and Beach were introduced to each other and later began recording demos .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	The Libertines	Rough Trade	James Endeacott signed The Strokes and The Libertines while he worked for Rough Trade Records .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	Office of the Director of National Intelligence	National Counterterrorism Center	Administration officials acknowledged Saturday that Abdulmutallab's name was added in November to the Terrorist Identities Datamart Environment or TIDE maintained by the Office of the Director of National Intelligence at the National Counterterrorism Center .
org:alternate_names(e2,e1)	Long Beach	CSULB	California State University Long Beach ( also known as Cal State Long Beach Long Beach State CSULB LBSU or The Beach ) is the second largest campus of the California State University ( CSU ) and one of the largest universities in the state of California by enrollment its student body numbering for the Fall 2012 semester .
org:members(e2,e1)	La Serna High School	Whittier Union High School District	Five high schools California High School La Serna High School Pioneer High School Santa Fe High School and Whittier High School comprise the Whittier Union High School District .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	The Kings of Wessex School	Somerset	The Kings of Wessex Academy formerly known as The Kings of Wessex School is a coeducational secondary school located in Cheddar Somerset England .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Szeto	Hong Kong	In 1989 following the Tiananmen Square protests of 1989 his relation with the Communist Party of China became strained. Szeto established the Hong Kong Alliance in Support of Patriotic Democratic Movements in China which advocates an end to the single-party ruling of China and which the Beijing leadership regards as subversive .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Rhodes College	Tennessee	Rhodes College traces its origin as a degree-granting institution to the Masonic University of Tennessee founded in 1848 in Clarksville Tennessee by the Grand Masonic Lodge of Tennessee .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Gale Norton	Interior	Prior to the nomination of Idaho Governor Dirk Kempthorne Craig was mentioned as a possible candidate to succeed Gale Norton as United States Secretary of the Interior in March 2006 .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Quebec	TVA	In 2000 he was responsible for the acquisition of Groupe the largest cable TV operator in Quebec and TVA the largest French-language broadcaster in the country .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Phantom Blue	Meldrum	The concert was for the benefit of brain research in memory of Phantom Blue co-founder Michelle Meldrum who died of a cystic growth in her brain on May 21 2008 .
org:alternate_names(e1,e2)	UCI Road World Cup	World	The was a round of the former UCI Road World Cup ( which ran from 1989 2004 ) and a round of the UCI ProTour the World Cup's successor for two further years .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	He	Arista	He wrote Bang Bang as he Arista wanted a single and he promised them a commercial album .
no_relation	Andrew Bird	Fat Possum	Andrew Bird Armchair Apocrypha ( Fat Possum ) -- Exhaustion ancient cultures and idle speculation about the apocalypse have never sounded as tuneful as they do on Andrew Bird's seventh solo album a winsome display of his brilliant and virtuosic ability as a singer violinist guitarist and not least lyricist .
per:origin(e1,e2)	Constantin	e Romania	Reputedly Roller is also responsible for the refusal to accept a gift of Constantin i's modernist sculptures thus depriving th e Romania n state of a major art collection .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Gulf Air	Bahrain	-- Gulf Air -- Bahrain 's airline is limiting cargo from Yemen to items destined to stay in Bahrain .
org:founded(e1,e2)	Freddie Mac	1970	Kind of like how Freddie Mac was created to provide a secondary market for mortgages back in 1970 and the criteria for those mortgages was strictly regulated by the Government .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Sweden	Fredrik Reinfeldt	The four centre-right parties of Alliance for Sweden formed a government with Fredrik Reinfeldt as Prime Minister which was presented to the Riksdag on 6 October .
org:top_members/employees(e1,e2)	7th Armoured Division	William Gott	In anticipation of an Italian thrust toward Mersa Matruh the British had by mid-August withdrawn the bulk of their armoured units to concentrate near Mersa Matruh leaving the 7th Armoured Division 's Support Group under the command of Brigadier William Gott to take over the front.Playfair ( 2004 ) p. 205 The Support Group which had three motorised infantry battalions with supporting artillery and detachments of engineers and machine-gunners was ordered to harass the enemy and if attacked to impose delay without getting seriously involved .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	Army	Soviet Union	During 1989 91 a past commanding officer of the Army ( 1969 ) V.I. Varennikov was the Commander in Chief of the Ground Forces of the Soviet Union .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	Jacques Chirac	Paris	Former French president Jacques Chirac was sued Friday for peculating city funds when he worked as Paris mayor thus he became the first ex-president to stand in the court in France .
per:title(e1,e2)	alex james	author	= 20 Suicide bomb kills 18 in south Afghanistan 26 Sep 2006 A suicide bomber . . Oct 2 2006 by alex james - 1 message - 1 author .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Pink Cream 69	Dennis Ward	Kymera recorded two EP's with Kosta and Andi before they left to form the band Pink Cream 69 with guitarist Alfred Koffler and bassist Dennis Ward in 1987 .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Cheddi Jagan	Guyana	Although many U.S. airports use the same three-letter location identifier for the FAA and IATA this airport is assigned GEO by the FAA but has no designation from the IATA ( which assigned GEO to Cheddi Jagan International Airport in Timehri Guyana ) .
per:country_of_birth(e2,e1)	Peru	Yehude Simon	The wanted leader of Amazon Indians has taken refuge in the Nicaraguan embassy after violent clashes between Indians and police in northern Peru leaving 35 dead Prime Minister Yehude Simon said Monday .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Geir Haarde	Iceland	Lawmakers last week voted to refer former Prime Minister Geir Haarde to a special court for allegedly failing to prevent Iceland 's financial crash .
org:alternate_names(e2,e1)	Time Warner	channel	With the 1996 Time Warner merger the channel 's archives gained the later Warner Bros. cartoon library .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Fredrik Reinfeldt	Sweden	Fredrik Reinfeldt welcomes that she is coming back to Sweden .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Shady	Eminem	Interscope Records awarded him with his own record label Shady Records ; the first artist Eminem signed was rapper Proof.Hasted 2011 .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Cornell University School of Hotel Administration	Ithaca	Upon his death the Statler Foundation was established in his will becoming benefactors of what is now the Cornell University School of Hotel Administration in Ithaca New York .
org:alternate_names(e2,e1)	Taiwan Tobacco	TTLC	State-own Taiwan Tobacco and Liquor Corp. ( TTLC ) formally entered the convenience store battle in Taiwan Monday by launching 13 stores islandwide simultaneously .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Syria	Bashar al-Assad	Indeed the Saudis began moving to ease tensions with Syria at the March Arab League summit after Syrian President Bashar al-Assad privately apologized to King Abdullah for calling him and other Sunni Arab leaders half men because they did n't assist Hezbollah during the Lebanon war .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	168th Brigade Support Battalion	Fort Sill	The battalion was re-designated the 168th Brigade Support Battalion and activated on 16 September 2006 at Fort Sill OK with organic elements concurrently constituted and activated .
org:alternate_names(e1,e2)	NUGW	nippon	NUGW National Council is in turn affiliated to National Trade Union Council ( nippon Zenrokyo ) the smallest of the three national labour federations in Japan .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Acette	Dubai Internet City	For over 9 years since 1992 he was Head of Information Technology at the The National Bank of Oman before he co-founded Acette Technologies now headquartered in Dubai Internet City .
org:city_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Granville	Delany College	Originally founded as ' Patrician Brothers Granville ' in 1942 Delany College currently caters for approximately 550 students from years 7 to 12 and is a school of the Diocese of Parramatta .
per:origin(e1,e2)	Schuldiner	U.S.	One music biographer has referred to Schuldiner as the Father of Death Metal while another has claimed that Schuldiner is readily acknowledged as the true founder of the U.S. death metal scene .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Jean	New Jersey	Jean 's outsider status -- he speaks English far better than Creole and left the country Friday to take his wife and 5-year-old daughter home to New Jersey -- lends itself to debate .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	PLAN	People's Republic of China	The People's Liberation Army Navy ( PLAN or PLA Navy ) is the naval warfare branch of the People's Liberation Army the armed forces of the People's Republic of China .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Alexander Bustamante	Jamaica	During this time the Jamaican government asked her to write Ballad for a Rebellion and a biography of Sir Alexander Bustamante the first prime minister of independent Jamaica .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Appalachian State University	North Carolina	After leaving office she took a position with Appalachian State University in Boone North Carolina in 1988 serving there until 1994 .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e2,e1)	Connecticut	Paul Newman	For a more comprehensive list see : List of people from Westport Connecticut Among the many famous actors singers and other entertainers who have lived in town are Helen Keller and Paul Newman who was active in supporting the Westport County Theatre until his death in 2008 ; Newman had resided in Westport from 1960 until his death .
org:founded(e2,e1)	1999	FleetBoston Financial	It was originally known as Harbor Lights Pavilion until 1999 when Live Nation purchased the venue and sold the naming rights to FleetBoston Financial renaming the venue ; FleetBoston Pavilion .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Prachanda	Nepal	During the February 3 2011 election for a Prime Minister Prachanda had filed candidacy on behalf of the Unified Communist Party of Nepal ( Maoist ) but later withdrew his candidacy and supported CPN-UML Prime Ministerial candidate Jhalanath Khanal .
no_relation	Mile High Newspapers	Golden	Mile High Newspapers is based in Golden Colorado United States .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	State	Dean Acheson	He entered government service in 1966 as an aide to former United States Secretary of State Dean Acheson .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	Walt Disney Studios	Disney	Walt Disney Studios is the main production arm for Disney 's motion pictures .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Fiji	Josefa Iloilo	Fiji 's military commander Commodore Voreqe Bainimarama announced Thursday he is handing back executive authority of the country to President Ratu Josefa Iloilo .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Greece	OTE	Talks with Germany's Deutsche Telekom AG over future ownership and management of Greece 's biggest phone company OTE have made progress the government said Wednesday .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	MQM	Pakistan	MQM leaders in Pakistan cited by the BBC said Farooq a former parliamentarian and one of the founding members of the party had been living in exile in London since 1992 .
per:alternate_names(e1,e2)	Zhang Xueliang	Marshal	Handwritten diaries letters and notes belonging to Zhang Xueliang ( 1901-2001 ) a Kuomintang ( KMT ) general known as the Young Marshal have been brought home from the United States to a museum at Zhang's former residence in northeast China's Liaoning Province .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	England	Tom Smith	England Under-19 player Tom Smith who had taken 15 Test wickets in three U-19 matches with Sri Lanka finished with 42 conceded runs off his five overs .
no_relation	India	Thiruvananthapuram	The Mar Baselios College in association with the Institution of Electrical and Electronic Engineers ( IEEE ) Kerala circle Computer Society of India Thiruvananthapuram chapter has also conducted a national conference on broadband technologies in 2008 .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Televisa	Mexico	Televisa also plans to point to a provision in the contract that permits TV signals that originate in Mexico to spill over into U.S. border towns .
no_relation	composer	Anja Garbarek	Wetle Holte ( born 1973 in Norway ) is a Norwegian drummer and composer known from cooperations with musicians such as John Scofield Nils Petter Eivind Aarset Sidsel Endresen Bugge Wesseltoft and Anja Garbarek among others .
org:top_members/employees(e1,e2)	Brandeis University	Jehuda Reinharz	The house was the residence of Brandeis University presidents Abram L. Sachar and Jehuda Reinharz .
org:members(e2,e1)	UMass Minutemen	Division I	The 2007 UMass Minutemen football team represented the University of Massachusetts Amherst in the 2007 NCAA Division I FCS football season as a member of the Colonial Athletic Association .
per:title(e2,e1)	King	William I of England	Nothing else is known of his background although presumably he was a Norman as were most of King William I of England 's episcopal appointments .
per:cities_of_residence(e2,e1)	Perth	David McComb	By mid-1984 The Triffids had spent so much time travelling the between Perth in the west and Sydney on the east coast of Australia David McComb estimated that they made this trip between 12 and 16 times that they decided to travel that little bit further and headed to Europe .
per:cities_of_residence(e2,e1)	Mississippi	Harrison	After four years as district attorney on the Mississippi Gulf Coast Harrison won a seat in the U.S. House of Representatives in 1911 and was re-elected three times .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	desai	India	After desai 's resignation Indira Gandhi the then Prime Minister of India took over the Ministry of Finance to become the only woman to hold the post of the finance minister .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Georgia	University of Georgia	The authors of the report doctors and pharmacists with the Medical College of Georgia in Augusta and the University of Georgia College of Pharmacy in Athens said they hoped to raise awareness and suggested offering patients extended-release forms of the drug which are coated or generic products that may agree with them more .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Rawlins Community College	Leicestershire	Billy went to school at Rawlins Community College in Quorn Leicestershire .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Manilow	Arista	In 1985 Manilow left Arista Records for RCA Records .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	National Intelligence	John Negroponte	Former president Bush's Homeland Security chief Michael Chertoff played the role of National Security Advisor to the president while former Director of National Intelligence John Negroponte was Secretary of State .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	University of South Dakota	University of South Dakota School of Law	Born in Vermillion South Dakota Piersol received a B.A. from the University of South Dakota in 1962 and a J.D. from the University of South Dakota School of Law in 1965 .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Chile	Salvador Allende	Cordones were established in Chile by the working class during the Salvador Allende Popular Unity government ( 1970-1973 ) .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Willie Nelson	RCA	The Outlaws is an album by Waylon Jennings Willie Nelson Jessi Colter and Tompall Glaser released in RCA Victor in 1976 and consisting of previously released material .
org:city_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	New Delhi	Central Bureau of Investigation	The two accused were taken to the CBI headquarters in New Delhi on the night of 11 January 2007 a day before the investigation was to be transferred to the Central Bureau of Investigation .
org:founded_by(e1,e2)	Double Fine Productions	Tim Schafer	Double Fine Productions is an American video game developer founded in July 2000 by Tim Schafer after his departure from LucasArts .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Belgium	Supreme Headquarters Allied Powers Europe	NATO Response Force ( NRF ) leaders met at Allied Air Component Command Headquarters in Ramstein of Germany to discuss the future of the fledging force Mons ( Belgium ) - based Supreme Headquarters Allied Powers Europe ( SHAPE ) announced on Friday .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	Nashville	Montgomery Bell Academy	In 1867 the high school instruction of the University of Nashville previously offered through the Western Military Institute was offered in the newly constituted Montgomery Bell Academy which was housed in new facilities that are now the campus of the George Peabody College of Teachers at Vanderbilt University .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Albert Ho	Democratic Party	Albert Ho chairman of Hong Kong's Democratic Party said he was among nine lawmakers who were stopped upon their arrival in the former Portuguese colony and detained in the ferry terminal by immigration officials for about 30 minutes before being sent back to Hong Kong .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	oladele	Lagos	address : # 23 oladele road Lagos Nigeria .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Kinki University	Japan	The first hybrid grouper is cross-bred by researches from Universiti Malaysia Sabah ( UMS ) Malaysia in collaboration among researchers of the Borneo Marine Research Institute of UMS the Fisheries Development Authority of Malaysia ( LKIM ) and Kinki University of Japan represented by Prof. Dr Shigeharu Senoo of UMS .
per:country_of_birth(e2,e1)	Laos	Sisavang Vong	The Kings of Laos could marry a various amount of wives ( King Sisavang Vong married 15 ) and only women of royal birth could have the title Samdach Brhat Rajini Ekka Akkhara Maha Sri if the king had more than one wife .
per:cities_of_residence(e2,e1)	Vidor	Tracy Byrd	Notable alumni of Vidor High School include country music singers Tracy Byrd and Clay Walker .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	TransAlta	Canada	Sundance Power Station is a coal fired station owned by TransAlta Corp. located 70 km west of Edmonton Alberta Canada on Lake Wabamun .
org:alternate_names(e1,e2)	1st Arkansas Infantry	Infantry	Col. Cleburne's 1st Arkansas Infantry State Troops was redesignated as the 15th Arkansas Infantry .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Kenny Rogers	United Artists Records	Love Lifted Me is the title of Kenny Rogers ' first solo album for United Artists Records released in 1976 .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	Peter Bratt	San Francisco	Mission Street Rhapsody was written and directed by Peter Bratt and shot in the Latin neighborhood of San Francisco 's Mission District .
org:city_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Tempe	US Airways	Tempe is the location of US Airways Group's corporate headquarters and the home of Arizona State University .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Afonso Augusto Moreira Pena	Brazil	It is named after Afonso Augusto Moreira Pena ( 1847 1909 ) the 6th President of Brazil .
no_relation	Energy	Samuel Bodman	The plan was proposed by Secretary of Defense Robert Gates and Secretary of Energy Samuel Bodman and was supported by the military the White House said in a statement .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Interior	Wilhelm Frick	Interior Minister Wilhelm Frick similarly .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Costa Rica	Arias	The former President of Costa Rica Arias completed his doctorate in Political Science at the University in 1973 and received the Nobel Peace Prize in 1987 .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	Bruinooge	Winnipeg	Bruinooge sought the Conservative nomination for Winnipeg South for a second time in the spring of 2005 but lost to rival candidate Hugh McFadyen by a narrow margin .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Peddie School	Hightstown	Raised in Kinnelon New Jersey Hanson played high school baseball at the Peddie School in Hightstown New Jersey where he played for coach Lew Watts .
per:country_of_birth(e1,e2)	Hun Sen	Cambodia	The prince also thanked Prime Minister Hun Sen for helping to arrange the royal pardon for him and said that he would return to Cambodia soon : he subsequently returned and has retired from politics taking part in promoting charity work in the country partly through the Norodom Ranariddh Foundation .
org:top_members/employees(e2,e1)	Ingrid Newkirk	PETA	Ingrid Newkirk the president of PETA writes that the first ALF cell was set up in late 1982 after a police officer she calls Valerie responded to the publicity triggered by the Silver Spring monkeys case and flew to England to be trained by the ALF .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	India	Manmohan Singh	http://www.nowpublic.com/politics/india-favours-release-suu-kyi Prime Minister of India Dr. Manmohan Singh has told the Philippines President Gloria Macapagal-Arroyo that India favours an early release of pro-democracy leader Aung San Suu Kyi and desires a fast return to peace in Burma .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Power Machines	Russia	The German engineering giant had applied to buy the 30 percent stake in Power Machines held by Russia 's ZAO Interros Holding Interros said last week .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Oil and Natural Gas Corporation	India	Other institutions include the Indian Institute of Petroleum Oil and Natural Gas Corporation Survey of India Indian Institute of Remote Sensing Wildlife Institute of India and the Forest Research Institute .
per:cities_of_residence(e2,e1)	Chicago	Andrew Bird	55 February 15 2010 Chicago Tribune Andrew Bird vs. Andrew Belle : Two Chicago indie performers March 25 2010 Chicago Public Radio WBEZ 91.5 FM Singer-Songwriter Andrew Belle Makes Musical Waves March 16 2010 Mad Toast Radio Show http://www.blubrry.com/madtoastlive/682379/episode-106-andrew-belle-allen-stone Maybe Hip : Chicago Rocks - Andrew Belle http://www.dailymotion .
org:alternate_names(e1,e2)	AirAsia X	D7	The 15-year-old girl arrived at Malaysia's Low Cost Carrier Terminal Friday morning on AirAsia X D7 2723 from Melbourne together with her mother said Malaysian Health Ministry director - general Ismail Merican .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Coxsone Dodd	Studio One	Myrna Hague known as Jamaica's First Lady of Jazz is a Jamaican lovers rock and jazz singer and actress who recorded for Coxsone Dodd 's Studio One .
no_relation	Internal Revenue Service	United States Department of the Treasury	[ 2 ] In addition to lawsuits filed against the National Security Agency ( NSA ) [ 3 ] and the Central Intelligence Agency ( CIA ) [ 4 ] Schwarz has filed suits against the Internal Revenue Service ( IRS ) [ 5 ] and the United States Department of the Treasury .
org:founded(e1,e2)	Caistor Yarborough School	Lincolnshire	Caistor Yarborough School in Caistor Lincolnshire was named in memorial to John Edward Pelham 7th Earl of Yarborough and is located less than a mile away from the Brocklesby House estate .
org:members(e2,e1)	Florida Gators	University of Florida	The Florida Gators represent the University of Florida in the sport of American football and they compete in the Football Bowl Subdivision ( FBS ) of the National Collegiate Athletic Association ( NCAA ) and the Eastern Division of the Southeastern Conference ( SEC ) .
no_relation	Helen Clark	Opposition	In addition to the normal academic departments by learning areas Onehunga High School has the following internal divisions at the Pleasant St campus : The Business school founded in 2002 has attracted significant amounts of media publicity in particular and visits from many notable people including the Rt Hon Helen Clark ( New Zealand Prime Minister at the time ) and Rt Hon John Key ( Leader of the Opposition ) .
no_relation	Terrebonne High School	Louisiana	Downer graduated from Terrebonne High School in Houma in 1964 and first attended Louisiana State University in Baton Rouge .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Bajrakitiyabha	Thailand	Princess Bajrakitiyabha of Thailand ( ; ; RTGS : Phatchara Kitiyapha ; Literally : Princess Bajrakitiyabha the Royal Granddaughter ; affectionally known as Princess Pa or Patty ) was born on 7 December 1978 .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Delaware	DART First State	Like all stations in Delaware SEPTA service is provided under contract and funded through DART First State .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Balochistan	Akhtar Mengal	In 1996 Ataullah Mengal returned to Pakistan and formed the Balochistan National Party.http : / / balochistannationalparty.org BNP swept the 1997 elections and was able to form a coalition government in Balochistan with Sardar Ataullah Mengal's son Akhtar Mengal as the Chief Minister .
org:alternate_names(e1,e2)	BMC	British Motor Holdings	In view of these significant acquisitions Pressed Steel and Jaguar BMC changed its name to British Motor Holdings at the end of 1966 .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Craig	Idaho	Mr Craig a Republican from Idaho pleaded guilty in August to disorderly conduct over the toilet incident .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	The Citadel	Bulldogs	The Citadel Bulldogs is the name of the College Basketball team that represents The Citadel The Military College of South Carolina in Charleston South Carolina USA .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Treasury	Robert M. Kimmitt	Potential candidates include Robert B. Zoellick who served the Bush administration as both deputy secretary of State and U.S. trade representative ; Deputy Treasury Secretary Robert M. Kimmitt ; Stanley Fischer a former International Monetary Fund official who is now a governor of the Bank of Israel ; and Paul A. Volcker who chaired the Federal Reserve from 1979 to 1987 .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Virginia Union University	Richmond	When he graduated from Dunbar in 1952 his church gave him enough money to pay for his first year at Virginia Union University in Richmond .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Kuomintang	Ma Ying-jeou	The president decided to appoint Wu Den-yih the secretary general of the Kuomintang party as the new premier a spokesman for President Ma Ying-jeou Wang Yu-chi told reporters .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	Limited Brands	La Senza	Limited Brands operates stores under the names of Victoria's Secret Bath Body Works C.O. Bigelow Express Limited Stores La Senza White Barn Candle Co. Henri Bendel and Diva London .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	LAF	Lebanon	The statement stressed that these seminars come as part of the U.S. government's support for the LAF as it fulfills its role of safeguarding Lebanon 's borders and its citizens .
no_relation	Ministry of Foreign Affairs	1965	He later returned as State Secretary in the Ministry of Foreign Affairs from 1963 to 1965 during Gerhardsen's Fourth Cabinet .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Interior	Giuliano Amato	There were only 60 stewards at Stadio Olimpico Italian Interior Minister Giuliano Amato said .
org:alternate_names(e2,e1)	South Carolina	University of South Carolina	The 2013 South Carolina Gamecocks football team will represent the University of South Carolina in the 2013 NCAA Division I FBS football season .
org:founded(e2,e1)	1972	The Jam	Kleeer was an American New York based funk disco and post-disco band which was formed in 1972 under the name The Jam Band as a backup group to different disco bands and vocalists .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	Toru Iwaya	Koriyama	Toru Iwaya returned to Koriyama Japan in 1999 due to his wife's deteriorating health and his sister's mental illness .
no_relation	Portugal	ramp	In return Qimonda agreed to commit to further development of their and manufacturing sites in Porto Portugal and Dresden and to quickly ramp up their 46 nm BWT to improve economies of scale at Dresden .
no_relation	Bashar al-Assad	Lebanon	Lebanese President Michel Sleiman on Thursday will meet with his Syrian counterpart Bashar al-Assad in Damascus just days after the formation of a unity government in Lebanon Sleiman's spokesman told AFP .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Hong Kong	Sundream Motion Pictures	On 27 March 2008 the foundation organized a premiere of the movie Three Kingdoms : Resurrection of the Dragon distributed in Hong Kong by Sundream Motion Pictures a subsidiary of i-Cable Communications the chairman of which is Stephen Ng an alumnus of WYK .
no_relation	Sally Field	Brothers Sisters	Close's competition for lead drama actress honors includes 2007 winner Sally Field for Brothers Sisters Kyra Sedgwick The Closer Mariska Hargitay Law Order : Special Victims Unit and Holly Hunter Saving Grace .
org:alternate_names(e1,e2)	Silicon Graphics	SGI	Crimson was a member of Silicon Graphics 's SGI IRIS 4D series of deskside systems ; it was also known as the 4D/510 workstation .
no_relation	Air War College	1946	He enrolled in the Air War College at Maxwell Air Force Base Alabama in the summer of 1946 .
per:origin(e2,e1)	Japanese	Chiaki Mukai	Yamazaki the mother of a 6-year-old daughter is the second Japanese woman to go into space after Chiaki Mukai in 1994 and 1998 .
per:origin(e2,e1)	Iran	Ruhollah Khomeini	Iran 's late spiritual leader Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini issued a 1989 fatwa or religious edict ordering Muslims to kill Rushdie because The Satanic Verses allegedly insulted Islam .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	He	Western Australia	He enjoyed the less pressured life of Western Australia and his political views gradually moderated .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Art Center College of Design	Pasadena	July 15 -- Art Center Car Classic Art Center College of Design Pasadena Calif .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Nicanor Duarte	Paraguay	Nicanor Duarte Frutos ( born 11 October 1956 ) is a Paraguayan politician who served as President of Paraguay from 2003 to 2008 .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Christopher J. Dodd	Connecticut	Dodd's son Christopher J. Dodd was elected to the Senate in 1980 eventually becoming the longest-serving senator in Connecticut history .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Kershaw	Louisiana	Kershaw who filed for bankruptcy in 2007 recently ran unsuccessfully for lieutenant governor of Louisiana .
no_relation	University of Manila	Philippines	The original members were the Ateneo de Manila De La Salle College Institute of Accounts National University ( NU ) San Beda College ( SBC ) the University of Manila the University of the Philippines and the University of Santo Tomas ( UST ) .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Marilyn Churley	Ontario	The provincial seat was previously held by Marilyn Churley then deputy leader of the New Democratic Party of Ontario until she resigned prior to an unsuccessful bid for the adjacent federal seat of Beaches-East York in the January 2006 federal election .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Gavin Rossdale	Bush	Gavin Rossdale mentions Dorothy Stratten in his song Dead Meat performed by his band Bush on the album The Science of Things ( 1999 ) in the lyric Dorothy died for your pleasure .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Dr. Dre	Death Row	Knight a notorious strongman and intimidator was able to have Eazy-E release Young from his contract and using Dr. Dre as his flagship artist founded Death Row Records .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	Fairchild Media Group	Fairchild TV	In February 2013 Fairchild Media Group received permission from the Canadian Radio-television and Telecommunications Commission ( CRTC ) to launch Fairchild TV 2 HD .
no_relation	Coppin	Cheltenham	Coppin 's first full album of Gloucestershire poems set to music Forest and Vale and High Blue Hill was premiered at the 1983 Cheltenham Literary Festival to much acclaim .
org:alternate_names(e1,e2)	TANGS	CK Tang	The oldest home-bred department store in Singapore TANGS was founded by Tang Choon Keng popularly known as CK Tang in 1932 .
org:top_members/employees(e2,e1)	Mikhail Fridman	Alfa Group	Analysts say that Farimex's suit is part of a wider battle for control between Telenor and billionaire Mikhail Fridman 's Alfa Group the other main shareholder in VimpelCom over their joint assets in Russia and Ukraine .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	BUIE	Bankura	BUIE has an annual intake of 496 students divided among the seven UG branches and Two PG branches as follows : UG Branches : - PG Branches : - VLSI Microelectronis : 18 Computer Science Engg. : 18 The campuses of BUIE are located on a land adjacent to the municipal area of Bankura Town the district headquarters of Bankura District .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Bob Corker	Tennessee	Dodd eventually sought out another Republican partner freshman Sen. Bob Corker of Tennessee .
org:top_members/employees(e2,e1)	Randi Weingarten	United Federation of Teachers	( NYT10 ) NEW YORK -- Dec. 20 2008 -- NY-KENNEDY-REACT -- Caroline Kennedy meeets with Randi Weingarten head of the United Federation of Teachers in New York on Dec. 19 2008 .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Urho Kekkonen	Finland	Urho Kekkonen 's fifth cabinet was the 39th government of Republic of Finland .
org:founded_by(e2,e1)	Phyllis Schlafly	Eagle Forum	He was named to the LSU School of Journalism Hall of Fame in 1991 ; Legislator of the Year by the National Taxpayers Union 1977 and Phyllis Schlafly 's Eagle Forum 1990 ; 96 percent rating Louisiana Association of Business and Industry ; recipient Winston Churchill Award Council for National Policy 1990 ; producer Baton Rouge Today named Outstanding Local News Program in the U.S. by Community Broadcasters Association 1992 ; named Louisiana's Pro-Family Pro-Life Champion by Christian Coalition of Louisiana for his service in the legislature ; listed in Who's Who in America ; B.A. Journalism Juris Doctor LSU .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Chris Watson	Australia	John Christian Watson ( born John Christian Tanck ; 9 April 1867 18 November 1941 ) commonly known as Chris Watson was an Australian politician who served as the third Prime Minister of Australia .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Ioannis Metaxas	Greece	Ioannis Metaxas dictator of Greece at the time objected to Damaskinos and forced the cancellation of his election and the appointment of Metropolitan Chrisanthos to the post .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Chino Moreno	Deftones	It features Everlast Eminem N.O.R.E. Christian Olde Wolbers and Dino Cazares of Fear Factory Brad Wilk of Rage Against the Machine and Chino Moreno of the Deftones .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Havoc	G-Unit	In June 2005 Prodigy and Havoc announced they had signed with 50 Cent's label G-Unit Records .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Jaime Paz Zamora	Bolivia	Jaime Paz Zamora ex-president of the Republic of Bolivia and leader of the Leftist Revolutionary Movement-New Majority of Bolivia ; .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	George M. Bibb	Treasury	One ship of the United States Navy and two ships of the United States Coast Guard ( including its predecessor the Revenue Cutter Service ) have been named Bibb in honor of George M. Bibb senator from Kentucky and briefly Secretary of the Treasury in the Tyler administration .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Israel	Israel Defense Forces	One officer and one soldier of Israeli army were killed in an exchange of fire with Palestinian militants near the border between Israel and the southern Gaza Strip Friday afternoon Israel Defense Forces ( IDF ) confirmed in a statement .
no_relation	company	Walt Disney Studios	The company distributes all features produced by The Walt Disney Studios other Disney film units and some third-parties including : Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures International was formed in 1961 as Buena Vista International .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Funcom	Oslo	What we tried to achieve with the graphics is something that we called ' magical realism ' said Jorgen Tharaldsen product director for Funcom which is developing the game in Oslo Norway .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Australia	Telstra	* The Australian * further said that new Satyam chief executive A S Murty is understood to have flown to Australia last week in a last-ditch bid to retain the Telstra contract and the Indian IT company placed a compelling case to continue with Telstra .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	George Michael	London	George Michael kicks off London 's new Wembley Stadium by Robin Millard .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	Macau	Air Macau	CNAC Macau owns a 51-percent interest in Air Macau a 26-percent interest in MASC/Ogden-Aviation Services ( Macau ) Ltd. a ground handling service company which operates at the Macau International Airport and a 20-percent interest in Macau Aircraft Repair and Conversion Co. Ltd .
per:title(e1,e2)	Harold Wilson	Prime Minister	He took on a number of patients from Hampstead Garden Suburb at the time an area popular with left wing politicians one of whom Harold Wilson went on to become Prime Minister of the United Kingdom .
org:city_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Dublin	Royal Irish Academy of Music	Duff was a chorister in Christ Church Cathedral Dublin and studied at the Royal Irish Academy of Music under Charles Herbert Kitson .
no_relation	uk	britain	He also worked in concert promotion ( two uk shows The Prodigy Fugees and Massive Attack ) and co-founded britain 's first cybercafe The Siberia Cafe : ' We were too early .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e2,e1)	British Columbia	his	Strahl was raised in British Columbia 's Interior attended Trinity Western University and worked for a private logging and road building company called Cheam Construction which was owned by his father Bill Strahl and later by him and his siblings after his father died .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Australia	Lisa Gerrard	BEST ORIGINAL MUSIC SCORE Australia David Hirschfelder Felix Meagher Baz Luhrmann Angela Little Balibo Lisa Gerrard Mao Last Dancer Christopher Gordon Samson Delilah Warwick Thornton .
no_relation	Murray Hamilton	Congress	At that Time the Cherrokees laid no Claim to that Land how they come to do it now I can not imagine . . Edited by Stanislaus Murray Hamilton ( The Washington Papers Library of Congress ) .
per:spouse(e1,e2)	He	Angelina Jolie	He was once married to Angelina Jolie .
org:top_members/employees(e1,e2)	The Guardian	Alan Rusbridger	And he allegedly claimed that Private Eye was part of a conspiracy spearheaded by The Guardian that included reporter David Leigh editor Alan Rusbridger and Index on Censorship journalist John Kampfner .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	State for Education and Science	Margaret Thatcher	In 1973 the new art block was opened by the Secretary of State for Education and Science Margaret Thatcher .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Aims Community College	Colorado	In June 2007 Aims Community College purchased approximately of land in Berthoud at Interstate 25 and Colorado State Highway 56 announcing plans to build a state-of-the-art regional campus .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Michael Gravelle	Northern Development and Mines	Michael Gravelle the Minister of Northern Development and Mines said I look at it from the perspective of would this be good for Northern Ontario . . . and I do think it would be .
org:alternate_names(e2,e1)	State Broadcaster	TVE2	New commercial broadcaster La Sexta and the second channel from State Broadcaster TVE2 ( Or La2 ) have attempted to shift prime time back to 9:30 p.m. in 2006 and Spring 2007 but these attempts have been unsuccessful .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	University of Missouri	Missouri	McRae the first head football coach for the University of Missouri Tigers located in Columbia Missouri and he held that position for the 1890 season .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Dr. Dre	Aftermath	In 1996 RBX visited Dr. Dre at home and apologized for his harsh words on record and in magazines and immediately signed to Dre's new Aftermath label .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Japan	Junichiro Koizumi	For many years Japan Post was a state-owned enterprise until four years ago with an overwhelming popular mandate the then Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi decided to privatize operations to raise the efficiency of both postal services and investments .
org:top_members/employees(e2,e1)	Sara Nelson	Publishers Weekly	One of the main things publishers look for especially with potentially commercial books said Sara Nelson the editor of Publishers Weekly is a promotable author an author who is attractive an author who is connected an author who has some sort of platform and might be able to get some coverage for the book and this author has all that .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Nicaragua	Daniel Ortega	Abkhazia and Nicaragua formally established diplomatic relations on September 10 2009 after an Abkhazian delegation visited with President Daniel Ortega in the Central American nation .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Sussex	Chris Adams	Afterwards Sussex captain Chris Adams the former England batsman said he was standing down after 11 years in charge during which he led the south coast club to the first three County Championship titles in their history .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	Terry Brain	South Melbourne	Terry Brain ( born 14 August 1907 date of death unknown ) was a leading Australian rules footballer of the 1930s who played with South Melbourne in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
no_relation	'em	Interscope	Bang 'em Smurf was very closely affiliated with them before they signed to Interscope Records.Carl Chery ( December 5 2003 ) .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Agriculture	Mike Johanns	The bilateral meeting will be attended by EU trade and agriculture commissioners Peter Mandelson and Mariann Fischer Boel and their U.S. counterparts Trade Representative Susan Schwab and Agriculture Secretary Mike Johanns a spokesman from the European Commission said .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Namibia	Hifikepunye Pohamba	Namibia marked the 20th anniversary of independence from apartheid-era South Africa on Sunday and swore in President Hifikepunye Pohamba for a second five-year term .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Japanese	P. Laurel	Meanwhile the Japanese military organized a new government in the Philippines known as the Second Philippine Republic which was headed by president P. Laurel .
no_relation	Nek	Italy	Nek 's debut album the self-titled Nek was released by Fonit Cetra in Italy in 1992 after he had come in second at the Castrocaro Song Festival .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	He	Latvia	He became President of Latvia on 8 July 2007 and left office on 7 July 2011 after failing to win reelection for a second term .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	Canadian Broadcasting Corporation	CBC Television	Nelofer who was born in India where her Afghan father was then working with the World Health Organization has directed a number of documentaries and has worked for the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation ( CBC ) in CBC Television and CBC Radio .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Interior	James G. Watt	In January 1983 Congress passed the Federal Oil and Gas Royalty Management Act with the stated purpose : The Secretary of the Interior at the time James G. Watt designated MMS as the administrative agency responsible for execution of activities under the Act .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Emera	Nova Scotia	Emera Incorporated ( ) is a Halifax Nova Scotia based energy and services company with customers .
no_relation	Melba Moore	Freddie Jackson	Moving to the New York area in 1984 CeCe taught voice and piano as well as doing session work with such artist as Melba Moore Freddie Jackson and Curtis Hairston .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Rod Stewart	Riva	Foot Loose Fancy Free is Rod Stewart 's eighth album released in November 1977 on Riva Records in the UK and Warner Bros in the US .
per:country_of_birth(e1,e2)	Brian Keith	USA	Brian Keith Beacock ( born March 29 1966 in Hayward California USA ) is an American television and film actor and a voice actor in anime and video games .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Perkins	Labor	In 1933 Roosevelt appointed Perkins as Secretary of the Department of Labor a position she held for twelve years longer than any other Secretary of Labor .
per:alternate_names(e2,e1)	Andre DeSean Wicker	Dresta	Andre DeSean Wicker ( born April 18 1971 ) better known by his stage name Dresta is an American rapper and registered sex offender known for collaborating with Eazy-E on the 1993 single Real Muthaphuckkin G's .
org:founded(e1,e2)	Cartoon Network	October 1 1992	Ted Turner had expressed that he mainly wanted ownership of the studio's back catalog ; its launch of Cartoon Network on October 1 1992 provided a new audience for Hanna-Barbera cartoons both old and new .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Vietnam	Ho Chi Minh	Taiwan's representative to Vietnam visits Ho Chi Minh City .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	he	Continental Army	You already know he commanded the Continental Army in the American Revolution was our first president and had false teeth .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	San Francisco Municipal Railway	San Francisco Municipal Transportation Agency	Operated by the San Francisco Municipal Railway ( Muni ) a part of the San Francisco Municipal Transportation Agency ( SFMTA ) Muni Metro serves passengers a day making it the second busiest light rail system in the United States .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	HSBC	London	Shares in HSBC fell 1.8 percent to 914.5 pence ( US$ 18.02 ; euro13 .87 ) in London .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Democratic Kampuchea	Khieu Samphan	In Reflection on Cambodian History Up to the Era of Democratic Kampuchea Khieu Samphan says the Khmer Rouge only wanted what was best for Cambodia .
per:title(e2,e1)	actor	Ben Kingsley	British actor Sir Ben Kingsley who played title role in Oscar-winning Gandhi received another honor Thursday became the th star on the famous Hollywood Walk of Fame .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	John Negroponte	State	Condemning the war in Iraq the Venezuelan leader said that Bush and John Negroponte a former director of national intelligence who is designated for the No. 2 position in the State Department should be tried for war crimes committed by the U.S. military across the globe .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Interior	Giuliano Amato	Interior Minister Giuliano Amato slammed the mosque critics saying that their comments left him bitter and worried .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Joan Jett	The Runaways	Laguna met and began working with Joan Jett shortly after the break-up of The Runaways in 1979 .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Quirino	National Defence	After some hesitation Quirino realized that there was no alternative and appointed Magsaysay Secretary of National Defence on August 31 1950 .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e2,e1)	Florida	Martinez	My priorities have always been my faith my family and my country and at this stage in my life and after nearly 12 years of public service in Florida and Washington it's time I return to Florida and my family Martinez wrote .
org:top_members/employees(e1,e2)	Mediterranean fleet	Horatio Nelson	In 1796 he convoyed supplies to the West Indies and then joined the Mediterranean fleet under Horatio Nelson .
per:alternate_names(e2,e1)	Tallinn	Lennart Meri	Tallinn Airport ( ) or Lennart Meri Tallinn Airport formerly Airport is the largest airport in Estonia and home base of the national airline Estonian Air .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Couche-Tard	Quebec	In 1994 Couche-Tard already a significant convenience-store operator in Quebec acquired the La ( from steinberg ) and Perrette chains as well as Mac's stores in Quebec .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	El Salvador	Antonio Saca	MEXICO CITY -- El Salvador 's President Elias Antonio Saca will travel this coming week to Colombia to sign a Free Trade Agreement ( FTA ) between Colombia El Salvador Guatemala and Honduras according to press reports reaching here from San Salvador El Salvador's capital Sunday .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	El Greco	Toledo	In 1577 El Greco migrated to Madrid then to Toledo where he produced his mature works .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	DC Comics	Time Warner	DC Direct was the collectibles division of DC Comics the Time Warner subsidiary that publishes comic books and licenses characters such as Superman Wonder Woman Green Lantern Flash Batman Aquaman and Hawkgirl from 1998 until April of 2012 .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Western	Bellingham	On November 16 2006 Western announced that they would begin flights in January from Bellingham International Airport to four vacation destinations ; the fourth announced destination of Reno Nevada was cancelled before the airline began service .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Benjamin Davis Wilson	California	Benjamin Davis Wilson ( December 1 1811 March 11 1878 ) was a California statesman and politician .
org:top_members/employees(e1,e2)	HSAS	Kenny Aaronson	HSAS is a band featuring lead vocalist Sammy Hagar lead guitarist Neal Schon bassist Kenny Aaronson and drummer Michael Shrieve .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	It	Botswana	It is the headquarters of Air Botswana the national airline of Botswana .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Nova Scotia	Pierre Trudeau	He was appointed to the Senate for the Nova Scotia division on 20 April 1968 following nomination by Prime Minister Pierre Trudeau .
org:members(e2,e1)	Harvey	Fremantle Football Club	There was a backlash from many in the football world about the way the deal was done and particularly about the manner in which Harvey was treated by the Fremantle Football Club .
no_relation	1925	University of Miami	He served as the head football coach at the University of Wisconsin Superior ( 1923 1925 1928 1929 ) the University of Miami ( 1935 1936 ) and the University of Iowa ( 1937 1938 ) .
org:members(e2,e1)	West Virginia University	NCAA	The 1987 West Virginia Mountaineers football team represented West Virginia University in the 1987 NCAA Division I-A football season .
per:origin(e2,e1)	Australian	Geoff Lawson	A chronology of Pakistan coaches in the last decade after former Australian fast bowler Geoff Lawson was named to succeed Bob Woolmer on Monday : .
no_relation	DirecTV	John Malone	Therefore in November 2006 News Corporation announced its intention to transfer its 38.5 per cent managing interest in DirecTV Group to John Malone 's Liberty Media ; in return it bought back Liberty's 16.3 % shares in News Corp. giving Murdoch tighter control of the latter firm .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Health and Human Services	Tommy Thompson	She wrote Health and Human Services ( HHS ) Secretary Tommy Thompson to establish a common national standard for the diagnosis of autism ; instruct the CDC and the Agency for Toxic Substances and Disease Registry to convene a task force to review the current literature on autism and conduct its own study if necessary ; and direct the National Institutes of Health ( NIH ) and the Centers for Disease Control ( CDC ) to work with the states to create a national chronic disease database .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Margaret Thatcher	State for Education and Science	The best remembered edition of the show featured Margaret Thatcher then Secretary of State for Education and Science in the British Government .
no_relation	glide	England	Eventually the disturbances will merge and glide northward near the Northeast coast causing more wet weather in New England .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e2,e1)	New Mexico	Pete Domenici	New Mexico 's Pete Domenici a senator for more than three decades up for reelection in 2008 was the third Republican elder statesman in 10 days to publicly turn against the president's troop ' surge ' policy .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Ryti	Finland	Probably neither Hitler nor any other German authorities had read Ryti 's previous letter carefully enough because Finland 's decision at the start of September 1944 to end its informal military alliance or brotherhood-in-arms with Germany surprised and angered the Germans .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Ahmad Shah Durrani	Afghanistan	Ahmad Shah Durrani the emperor of Afghanistan was heading towards Delhi in his yet another invasion .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Balearic Islands	University of the Balearic Islands	In the Balearic Islands IEC's standard is used but adapted for the Balearic dialect by the University of the Balearic Islands 's philological section Govern de les Illes Balears's consultative organ .
org:members(e2,e1)	Connecticut Huskies	University of Connecticut	The 2010 Connecticut Huskies football team represented the University of Connecticut in the 2010 NCAA Division I FBS football season as a member of the Big East Conference .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Samuel P. Harn Museum of Art	Gainesville Florida	According to Larry D. Perkins former curator of collections at the Samuel P. Harn Museum of Art in Gainesville Florida the birds refer to the the transcendence of the spirit while the receding rectangles that frame the portrait may suggest the passing of time or alternate states of existence .
per:cities_of_residence(e2,e1)	germany	Dan	Unisound ( formally Gorysound Studios in regards towards Death metal ) is a recording studio that used to be in germany but was closed down by Dan ( who owns and operates ) it because of his family but it was relocated to Sweden into his Home .
no_relation	EAC	Tanzania	Kikwete made the remarks while delivering a speech at the opening ceremony of the first-ever Field Training Exercise to be conducted by the EAC Armed Forces from Kenya Uganda Tanzania Rwanda and Burundi in Monduli District in the northeastern Tanzanian region of Arusha .
per:country_of_birth(e2,e1)	Romania	Nicolae Ceau?esc	In 1987 Wagner and left Romania for West Berlin to escape communist oppression and censorship in Nicolae Ceau?esc u's Romania .
org:top_members/employees(e1,e2)	HSBC	Michael Geoghegan	HSBC on Friday said its chief executive Michael Geoghegan would move to Hong Kong from London to be closer to the banking group's largest and most important region of operation .
org:city_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Falls	University of Sioux Falls	Sioux Falls is home to Augustana College the University of Sioux Falls Sioux Falls Seminary Kilian Community College Southeast Technical Institute National American University Colorado Technical University the South Dakota School for the Deaf Great Plains Baptist College Globe University/Minnesota School of Business the University of South Dakota's Sanford School of Medicine ( Sioux Falls campus ) Stewart School and the South Dakota Public Universities and Research Center ( formerly known as USDSU ) .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e2,e1)	Tennessee	Uncle Dave Macon	In its earliest days the Grand Ole Opry featured banjo players fiddle players and string bands from Middle Tennessee such as Uncle Dave Macon Fiddlin ' Arthur Smith the McGee Brothers Humphrey Bate and his Possum Hunters the Gully Jumpers the Fruit Jar Drinkers and The Crook Brothers String Band .
org:founded(e1,e2)	MK Airlines	2006	MK Airlines Ltd. was a cargo airline from Ghana ( registered in the United Kingdom from 2006 onwards Information about MK Airlines at the Aero Transport Data Bank with its headquarters in Hartfield East Sussex ) which was operational between 1990 and 2010 concentrating on freight services to and from Africa .
per:spouse(e2,e1)	Miles Davis	Betty Davis	He also joined Larry Graham to play in an all-star band for cult funk artist and ex-wife of Miles Davis Betty Davis .
org:top_members/employees(e2,e1)	Jean-Marie Bockel	Modern Left	She was a member of the liberal wing of the Socialist Party close to Jean-Marie Bockel but she joined Bockel's Modern Left ( LGM ) .
org:city_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Singapore	MediaCorp TV Channel 5	The station also produces news stories for the newscast on Singapore 's only English language general-entertainment channel MediaCorp TV Channel 5 .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	New Zealand	New Zealand Defence Force	The reverse depicts one large New Zealand fern frond and the emblems of the Navy Army and Air Force represented by the badge of the New Zealand Defence Force .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Nigeria	Sani Abacha	Wing Commander ( retired ) James Yana Kalau was Governor of Bauchi State Nigeria from December 1993 to September 1994 during the military regime of Major General Sani Abacha .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Dundee	Scotland	Today Dundee has a sizeable ethnic minority population and has the third highest Asian population ( ~ ) in Scotland after Glasgow and Edinburgh .
org:top_members/employees(e1,e2)	foundation	Bill Gates	The foundation based in Seattle Washington is controlled by its three trustees : Bill Gates Melinda Gates and Warren Buffett .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	He	Slovak Republic	He became Speaker of the National Council of the Slovak Republic ( NRSR ) after the victory of the HZDS in the June 1992 elections .
org:founded(e1,e2)	University	1853	The University was established by Act of Incorporation on 22 January 1853 with power to confer degrees in arts medicine laws and music .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Japan	Toshiki Kaifu	Nakayama has been a member of Japan 's parliament since 1968 and served as foreign minister in the cabinet of former Prime Minister Toshiki Kaifu between 1989 and 1990 .
per:country_of_birth(e2,e1)	Jamaica	Brown	Sitting Jamaican Prime Minister P. J. Patterson and former prime minister serving at the time as opposition leader Edward Seaga of the Jamaica Labour Party both spoke at Brown 's funeral which was held on 17 July 1999 in Kingston .
no_relation	50th Infantry Division	Cyprus	In September 1941 Mayne's division relieved the British 50th Infantry Division in Cyprus .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	Canadian Radio	Television	ACRA over time evolved into the Association of Canadian Radio and Television Artists the Canadian Council of Authors and Artists the Association of Canadian Television and Radio Artists and in 1984 the Alliance of Canadian Cinema Television and Radio Artists .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Idaho Air National Guard	United States	18 September 1947 however is considered the Idaho Air National Guard 's official birth concurrent with the establishment of the United States Air Force as a separate branch of the United States military under the National Security Act .
org:top_members/employees(e2,e1)	Fernando	Democratic Party	Fernando Lasama de Araujo a former political prisoner in Indonesia and the chairman of the opposition Democratic Party was next on 25 percent he added .
org:alternate_names(e1,e2)	HDIL	Housing Development	HDIL follows other realtors rolls over Rs cr debt with banks http://latestequityresearchreports.blogspot.com/2009/03/hdil-follows - . . http://latestequityresearchreports.blogspot.com/2009/03/hdil-follows - . . Housing Development and Infrastructure Ltd ( HDIL ) a Mumbai-based property developer has rolled over Rs crore debt it has taken from commercial banks for the next 15-18 months a top company official has said .
org:founded(e1,e2)	Velvet	2005	Velvet Knights Drum and Bugle Corps ( 2005 ) is an Open Class ( formerly Divisions I II ) competitive junior drum and bugle corps .
org:members(e2,e1)	San Diego State Aztecs	San Diego State University	The 1999 San Diego State Aztecs football team represented San Diego State University in the 1999 NCAA Division I-A football season .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Jamaica	Bob Marley	1987 Peter Tosh reggae musician from Jamaica who played with Bob Marley and The Wailers was shot dead by burglars in his home .
per:alternate_names(e2,e1)	John Sununu	he	Unfortunately what we have seen from John Sununu is that he has continued to support George Bush's position on the war in Iraq down the line with every vote with every appropriation she said .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Anand Panyarachun	Thailand	On the eve of the referendum highly respected one-time Prime Minister Anand Panyarachun told reporters that democracy only seeded in Thailand 75 years ago has a long way to go .
org:founded_by(e1,e2)	Evangelical Lutheran Church of Finland	orthodox	Missionsprovinsen ( the Mission Province ) is a second independent ecclesiastical province within the Church of Sweden and somewhat also inside the Evangelical Lutheran Church of Finland founded by members of the orthodox opposition to the ordination of women to the priesthood and episcopate .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	General Motors	division Opel/Vauxhall	The US automaker General Motors said Tuesday it would commit 1.9 billion euros ( 2.6 billion dollars ) to restructuring its ailing European division Opel/Vauxhall three times more than foreseen orginally .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Amgen	California	Amgen based in California makes all three drugs .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Philadelphia International	The O'Jays	Singer-songwriter Jerry Butler will induct Kenny Gamble and Leon Huff founders of the Philadelphia International record label that collaborated with artists such as Butler The O'Jays Patti LaBelle and Lou Rawls .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Rob Portman	Ohio	Republican Rob Portman coasted to an easy victory Tuesday over Ohio Lt. Gov. Lee Fisher in a race that Democrats gave up on months ago .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Fear Factory	Dino Cazares	In 2005 he appeared as one of the drummers on the Roadrunner United compilation CD The All-Star Sessions playing on The Enemy The End and Baptized in the Redemption all tracks being produced and musically written by Fear Factory guitarist Dino Cazares and Roy Mayorga .
per:country_of_birth(e2,e1)	Azerbaijan	Ilham Aliyev	Azerbaijan 's Ilham Aliyev and his Turkmen counterpart Gurbanguli Berdymukhamedov said their first talks in Baku resulted in several deals including one on a transport corridor and an agreement to resolve border disputes .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Deep Springs College	California	The following seven schools make up the Work Colleges Consortium : Deep Springs College in Deep Springs California is not a member of the Consortium but emphasizes labor with students being required to work at least twenty hours per week .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	He	Benassi Bros.	He produced a group with cousin Alle called Benassi Bros. a project designed to shine the spotlight on the two Biz vocalists Paul French and Violeta Claudia and other guest singers .
no_relation	Moore	UK	The combination of Moore 's blues-based guitar and Lynott's voice produced Parisienne Walkways which reached the Top Ten in the UK Singles Chart in April 1979 and the Thin Lizzy album Black Rose : A Rock Legend which reached number two in the UK album chart .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Oregon State University	OR	The following abstract and the aforementioned title were written by S.L. Davis Department of Animal Sciences Oregon State University Corvallis OR 97331 .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Belarusian State University	Minsk	Belarusian State University ( BSU ) ( ; ) Minsk Belarus was founded on October 30 1921 .
org:alternate_names(e2,e1)	Infogrames	Atari Interactive	In 2003 Infogrames Inc. licensed the Atari name and logo from Atari Interactive and changed its name to Atari Inc .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Bolivia	his	Carlos Diego Mesa Gisbert ( born August 12 1953 ) is a historian and former Vice President of Bolivia August 2002 to October 2003 President of Bolivia holding office from October 17 2003 until his resignation on June 6 2005 .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Zambia	Kaunda	Citing TAZARA the railway links Tanzania and Zambia which was built by Chinese in the 1970s Kaunda said the project was part of the contribution by China to the development of Africa and the model of the friendship between Africa and China .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	MBDA	BAE Systems	Overseas companies with a major presence include Boeing Bombardier EADS ( including its Airbus Astrium Cassidian and Surrey Satellite Technology subsidiaries ) Finmeccanica ( including its AgustaWestland SELEX Galileo and SELEX Sistemi Integrati subsidiaries ) General Electric ( including its GE Aviation Systems subsidiary ) Lockheed Martin MBDA ( 37.5 % owned by BAE Systems ) Safran ( including its Messier-Dowty and Turbomeca subsidiaries ) and Thales Group ( including its UK-based Thales Air Defence Thales Avionics and Thales Optronics subsidiaries ) .
org:members(e2,e1)	St. Louis Rams	NFL Network	Faulk 34 did not play last season for the St. Louis Rams after undergoing reconstructive knee surgery and was hired as an analyst by the NFL Network .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Kuomintang	Ma	The opposition Kuomintang ( KMT ) ticket of Ma and Vincent Siew won a landslide victory with votes or 58 .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Sun Caged	Lion Music	Artemesia is the second studio album by the Dutch progressive metal band Sun Caged released on March 23 2007 by Lion Music .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Ontario	Grade	Ontario has part-day kindergarten for four - year-olds but school is not mandatory until Grade one .
no_relation	KAIST	Russia	Her doctorate in biotech systems was conferred on 29 February 2008 in a ceremony at KAIST although she was unable to be present due to her training commitments in Russia .
no_relation	David Gilmour	Pink Floyd	Singer - guitarist David Gilmour of Pink Floyd is 61 .
no_relation	Steny Hoyer	Democratic Party	I think the president has made his position pretty clear House Majority Leader Steny Hoyer of Obama's Democratic Party told reporters stressing that Obama remained vehemently opposed to the sensitive photos ' release because they could become instruments of propaganda against US troops .
org:alternate_names(e1,e2)	Wizards	KC	On December 17 Wizards president Robb Heineman provided an update on the stadium situation published on team official website and blog Heineman provides stadium update KC Wizards Official Website.Hillcrest Road RH Stadium Update OnGoal CEO/Wizards President Robb Heineman gives an update on the progress of the stadium project .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Arlen Specter	Pennsylvania	On March 3 2010 Sen. Joseph Lieberman introduced the legislation now called the Military Readiness Enhancement Act of 2010 in the Senate with original cosponsors including Democratic Sens. Carl Levin of Michigan Mark Udall of Colorado Kirsten Gillibrand of New York Roland Burris of Illinois Jeff Bingaman of New Mexico Barbara Boxer of California Ron Wyden of Oregon Patrick Leahy of Vermont Arlen Specter of Pennsylvania Jeff Merkley of Oregon and Diane Feinstein of California .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Valdas Adamkus	Lithuania	-- Valdas Adamkus former president of Lithuania .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	his	Autumn Records	Greg has released albums on labels such as Kranky Ekhein Room40 Install Home Normal Digitalis Carpark Records as well on his own Autumn Records .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Tzu Chi University	Taiwan	Tzu Chi University ( ) or TCU is a private university located in Hualien City Hualien County Taiwan ( Republic of China ) .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Pakistan	Radio Pakistan	Planet FM 94 is the all-English commercial radio station based in Pakistan currently functioning under the Pakistan Broadcasting Corporation ( Radio Pakistan ) .
org:top_members/employees(e1,e2)	North Melbourne Football Club	James Brayshaw	In 2006 after Eddie McGuire's appointment as CEO of the Nine Network he stepped down as host of the program and was replaced by former Melbourne player Garry Lyon and North Melbourne Football Club director later chairman James Brayshaw as co-hosts .
per:country_of_birth(e1,e2)	Newhart	USA	Newhart was born and raised in Austin Chicago Illinois USA .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	Akbank	Citigroup	And Sabanci says Akbank and Citigroup are talking about marketing a joint card .
org:founded(e2,e1)	1933	Hang Seng Bank	Founded in 1933 the Hang Seng Bank is a principle member of the Hong Kong and Shanghai Banking Corporation Group and the second largest locally incorporated bank in Hong Kong employing a staff of about in its 158 local branches .
no_relation	NASA	Administrator	NASA Administrator Charles Bolden and Israel Space Agency ( ISA ) Director General Zvi Kaplan have signed a joint statement of intent to expand the agencies ' cooperation in civil space activities the U.S. National Aeronautics and Space Administration ( NASA ) said on Wednesday .
org:members(e2,e1)	Antony	Antony and the Johnsons	Antony Hegarty of Antony and the Johnsons has referred to Marc and the Mambas being his favorite band all through his teens becoming the starting point for Antony and the Johnsons and the album ' Torment and Toreros ' being probably the definitive record of his adolescence .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	University of Ulster	Coleraine	In 1973 he graduated with a BSc from University of Ulster in Coleraine and three years later was awarded an MA from the same university .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Armenia	Serzh Sargsyan	In 2011 on the occasion of the 20th anniversary of the Republic of Armenia 's Independence President Serzh Sargsyan awarded Haddeciyan the Mesrob Mashdots Medal for his contributions to Armenian literature theater and journalism .
org:alternate_names(e2,e1)	Ubisoft	Red Storm Entertainment	Ubisoft Red Storm ( formerly Red Storm Entertainment ) is a wholly owned subsidiary of Ubisoft Entertainment specializing in video games and related merchandise mainly based on the works of the writer Tom Clancy .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Blyth Community College	Northumberland	Blyth Community College is a secondary school in Blyth Northumberland England .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Antonio Saca	El Salvador	The ceremony attended by President Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva of Brazil Evo Morales of Bolivia Michelle Bachelet of Chile Nicanor Duarte Frutos of Paraguay Manuel Zelaya of Honduras Alvaro Uribe of Colombia Martin Torrijos Espino of Panama Alfredo Palacio Gonzalez of Ecuador and Antonio Saca of El Salvador and the Prince of Asturias the President of the Senate of Algeria Abbelkader Bensalah the Minister of Culture of China Zheng Jian Sung the Deputy Prime Minister and Minister of Foreign Affairs of Luxembourg Jean Asselborm and the Secretary of State of Poland Andrzeg Krawczyk .
org:top_members/employees(e2,e1)	Hayao Miyazaki	Studio Ghibli	Since that dispute Anno has gone on to work with Hayao Miyazaki and Studio Ghibli on several short films which have been shown at the Ghibli Museum .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	University of Szeged	Szeged	It began on September 6 2009 with a match between SZTE ( University of Szeged ) and Szentes at the Etelka sori stadion in Szeged and continued through to the final at the 4th Field of Stadion on June 19 2010 .
per:cities_of_residence(e2,e1)	New Orleans	Soilent Green	Early in the decade several bands from the Southern United States ( particularly New Orleans with its metal scene ) such as Eyehategod Acid Bath Soilent Green Corrosion of Conformity and Down influenced by the Melvins mixed Black Sabbath style metal hardcore punk and Southern rock to give shape to what would be known as sludge metal .
org:founded(e2,e1)	1854	Republican Party	1854 - Some 50 slavery opponents meet in Ripon Wisconsin to call for creation of a new political group which becomes the Republican Party .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Maldives	Maumoon Abdul Gayoom	The governments of Sri Lanka and Maldives signed an agreement on the transfer of prisoners on Tuesday the first day of Maldivian President Maumoon Abdul Gayoom ' s two-day official visit to Sri Lanka .
per:country_of_birth(e2,e1)	French Polynesia	Oscar Temaru	( Oceania Flash ) 16 October 2004 : More than people march through Papeete on Tahiti the main island of French Polynesia in support of Oscar Temaru demanding new elections .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Air Arabia	Jordan	Air Arabia Jordan ( TBA ) - On 7 June 2010 Air Arabia announced that they had signed a deal with Tantash Group to form Air Arabia Jordan which will be based in Amman Jordan .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	University	TX	Previous presidents include : The University is located in Irving TX on a 744 acre ( 301 hectare ) campus .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	Chrysler	Jeep	Chrysler 's Meyer said Jeep has tremendous value especially to its owners .
no_relation	Ryanair	FR	I have read that BAA did not want to give in to Ryanair 's demand for low charges if so why are FR at EDI ?
no_relation	Wichita	Wichita State University	The Wichita Symphony Orchestra ( WSO ) is a Wichita Kansas United States based orchestra strongly associated with the Wichita State University School of Music .
org:members(e2,e1)	University of Richmond	Atlantic 10 Conference	The Richmond Spiders represent the University of Richmond a member of the NCAA's Division I and a member of the Atlantic 10 Conference for all sports except football and women's golf which participate as members of the Colonial Athletic Association .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Spain	Raphael	The album was recorded in the summer of 2008 in Spain with Gordon Raphael .
org:members(e2,e1)	San Diego State Aztecs	San Diego State University	The San Diego State Aztecs baseball program is a baseball team that represents San Diego State University in the National Collegiate Athletic Association's Mountain West Conference .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	John Cocke	IBM	In the mid-1970s researchers ( particularly John Cocke ) at IBM ( and similar projects elsewhere ) demonstrated that the majority of combinations of these orthogonal addressing modes and instructions were not used by most programs generated by compilers available at the time .
no_relation	Jim Gardner	Dave Roberts	Under the leadership of news director Irv Weinstein who had developed his own similar format under the name Eyewitness News ( and before that Pulse Beat News and Rock and Roll Radio News ) WKBW developed much of the talent that WPVI would later hire to boost them to # 1 in the market ; anchor Jim Gardner ( replacing Larry Kane when he moved to WABC in New York ) weatherman Dave Roberts and iconic voice-over artist Jeff Kaye are the three highest-profile WPVI personalities to have come from WKBW .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Nigel Griggs	Split Enz	Nigel Griggs ( born 18 August 1949 Hatfield England ) is a musician who played bass guitar in Split Enz .
per:title(e2,e1)	actor	Ryan Gosling	Also regarded as best actor contenders this year are Day-Lewis ' s fellow Screen Actors Guild Awards nominees -- George Clooney ( Michael Clayton ) ; Ryan Gosling ( Lars and the Real Girl ) ; Emile Hirsch ( Into the Wild ) and Viggo Mortensen ( Eastern Promises . ) .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Los Angeles	Michael D. Antonovich	Los Angeles County Supervisor Michael D. Antonovich recommends McDonnell to be Bratton's replacement .
no_relation	Ali	Abu Talib	Most of the adults present were uncles of Ali and Muhammad and Abu Lahab laughed at them and declared to Abu Talib that he must bow down to his own son as Ali was now his Emir This event is known as the Hadith of Warning .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	France	Roger Vadim	She spent her early years in France where she was discovered by Roger Vadim who saw her as the new Brigitte Bardot and cast her in a version of Les liaisons dangereuses .
per:country_of_birth(e1,e2)	Kalnoky	Czechoslovakia	Kalnoky 's family emigrated from Czechoslovakia to the U.S. in 1985 when he was 5 years old .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	State	Dean Acheson	Such was the impact of what they did for their day and age that Secretary of State Dean Acheson spoke of being present at the creation .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Furman University	Greenville	He received his B.S. at Furman University in Greenville in 1931 in physics and his Ph.D. from Cornell University in 1936 building an oscilloscope for his doctoral research under the supervision of Dr. Frederick Bidell.List of emeriti in Furman University catalog 2005 2006 p. 149 .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	University	Pittsburgh	The University of Pittsburgh Bomb Threats were a series of ongoing bomb threats at the University of Pittsburgh .
org:founded_by(e1,e2)	The Tidings	Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Los Angeles	The Tidings is a weekly newspaper published by the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Los Angeles the largest Catholic archdiocese in the United States .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Studio One	Coxsone Dodd	Phil Pratt worked at Studio One for Coxsone Dodd as a box-loader during the rocksteady period when Lee Perry was operating there before moving to the United Kingdom in the early 1960s .
per:spouse(e2,e1)	Ted Turner	Jane Fonda	There was also a routine where Bill said that CNN reported bad news because Ted Turner was n't getting any from Jane Fonda do you really think he believed that or was he saying it for comic effect ?
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Way Out West	England	Cat Scratch Fever signed to Independent label Way Out West Records in London England in 1994 inspired by founder Rick Goldstein making the album Death Western ( 1996 ) and the Big Bang!http : / / www.raucousrecords.com/default.aspx?searchFor=cat+scratch+fever on Raucous Records in 1997 .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	University of Lethbridge	Canada	The Lethbridge Pronghorns formerly known as the Chinooks are the athletic teams that represent the University of Lethbridge in Lethbridge Alberta Canada .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Max Cleland	Georgia	However Max Cleland the Secretary of State of Georgia ran unopposed in the Democratic primary .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	University of the Pacific	Stockton	The University of the Pacific Faye Spanos Concert Hall often hosts public performances as does the Stockton Memorial Civic Auditorium .
per:title(e2,e1)	Prime Minister	Louis St. Laurent	Prime Minister Louis St. Laurent blamed Chapdelaine's victory on the presence of a third candidate an Independent Liberal who they argued split the Liberal vote .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Redding	Atlantic Records	Shortly after Redding 's death Atlantic Records distributor of the Stax/Volt releases was purchased by Warner Bros .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	He	Canada	He returned to Canada suffering shell-shock and was engaged as an Army instructor for American officers at Yale University .
per:country_of_birth(e2,e1)	Albania	Hoxha	Born in 1936 in Gjirokaster Albania a southern city where Hoxha was also born Kadare's most popular novels include The General of the Dead Army The Palace of Dreams The Concert .
org:alternate_names(e2,e1)	Belfast	QUB	ECIT ( The Institute of Electronics Communications and Information Technology ) was established in 2003 at the School of Electronics Electrical Engineering and Computer Science at Queen University Belfast ( QUB ) .
per:spouse(e1,e2)	Gable	Carole Lombard	Gable 's marriage in 1939 to his third wife actress Carole Lombard ( 1908 1942 ) was the happiest period of his personal life .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	his	Kentucky	Through his efforts and those of other members of the delegation Kentucky has regularly reaped more than most states .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	University of Montpellier	Montpellier	2006 appointed to professorship of Modern History at the University of Montpellier III ; 2008 nominated as Vice-President of the University Montpellier .
per:spouse(e2,e1)	Tina Fey	Jeff Richmond	It was directed by the show's composer and producer ( and Tina Fey 's husband ) Jeff Richmond and written by Josh Siegal Dylan Morgan .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	Jonathan Williams	Richmond	Guitarist Walter Morris bassist Jonathan Williams and drummer Clarence Oliver ( all from the Richmond Virginia area ) were the original stage band for The Moments .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Romania	Romtelecom	UPC Romania During 2010-2011 UPC upgraded their cable network from DOCSIS 2.0 to DOCSIS 3.0 Romtelecom offers several data plans with a speed of up to 100 Mbit/s ( 102400 kbit/s downstream 30720 kbit/s upstream ) provided through a combination of FTTB and xDSL infrastructure .
per:origin(e1,e2)	Jorge Montt	Chilean	Jorge Montt among others directed an armed conflict against Balmaceda which soon extended into the 1891 Chilean Civil War .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Delft University of Technology	The Netherlands	He was previously Professor of Planning at Aalborg University Denmark and Chair of Infrastructure Policy and Planning at Delft University of Technology The Netherlands .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	His	Chile	His nephew Jorge ( b. 1846 ) was president of Chile in 1891-1896 as well as his son Pedro ( d. 1910 ) between 1906-1910 .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Streisand	Columbia	Streisand would spend her entire career to date recording for Columbia .
org:alternate_names(e1,e2)	Imperial	Imperial College of Science Technology Medicine	In 1988 Imperial merged with St Mary's Hospital Medical School becoming The Imperial College of Science Technology Medicine .
org:alternate_names(e1,e2)	Jamia Millia Islamia	Jamia	Professor Narang joined Jamia Millia Islamia University New Delhi as a Professor in 1974 and after serving Jamia for twelve years he rejoined University of Delhi in 1986 and worked there till 1995 .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Merritt College	California	Even though he had a comfortable teaching job at Merritt College in Oakland California he applied and received the $ police chief job .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Nepal	Prachanda	He became Prime Minister of Nepal on 25 May 2009 after his predecessor Prachanda resigned over a conflict with the president over the dismissal of the army's chief of staff .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Frances Perkins	Labor	During Smith's term New York strengthened laws governing workers ' compensation women's pensions and children and women's labor with the help of Frances Perkins soon to be President Franklin D. Roosevelt's Labor Secretary .
org:alternate_names(e1,e2)	Philippine Airlines	PAL	Philippine Airlines ( PAL ) ordered 54 Airbus aircraft with a list price of $ 7-billion on August 28 2012 .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Finance	Carstens	On December 9 2009 Felipe Hinojosa the President of Mexico appointed him Finance Secretary in substitution of Carstens .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Finnair	Finland	Finnair Plc ( ) is the flag carrier and largest airline of Finland with its headquarters in Vantaa and its main hub at Helsinki-Vantaa Airport .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Kentucky	Western Kentucky University	Originally the group was a trio formed at Western Kentucky State College ( now Western Kentucky University ) Bowling Green Kentucky .
no_relation	Atrium	University of Glamorgan	The Atrium building houses most of the Cardiff School of Creative and Cultural Industries faculty ( CCI for short ) of the University of Glamorgan .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Francis Marion University Location	United States	Title : Chair of Computer Science Department Employer : Francis Marion University Location : Florence SC United States Posted : Nov 13 .
org:top_members/employees(e1,e2)	Daihatsu	Katsuaki Watanabe	We target total retail sales of 10.4 million units in 2009 including those of Hino and Daihatsu and to sustain the base for a high level of growth Toyota Motor president Katsuaki Watanabe told a press conference in Tokyo .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Manipal University	Karnataka	Manipal Academy of Higher Education branded as Manipal University is a deemed university located in Manipal Karnataka India .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Mahmoud Ahmadinejad	Iran	Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad said Tuesday the people of France deserved better than their leaders in response to similar comments by the French president after Iran 's contested elections .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Pakistan	Benazir Bhutto	In 1989 the Pakistan Army exposed the alleged Operation Midnight Jackal against the government of Benazir Bhutto .
per:country_of_birth(e1,e2)	Armstrong	Australia	Armstrong was born in Australia Melbourne Victoria on 18 December 1950 .
no_relation	China CITIC Bank	China	Chinese share prices closed up 4.59 percent on Monday after strong earnings forecasts from major banks and remarks by government officials on stabilising the market dealers said.Financials rallied after China CITIC Bank projected first - half net profit would rise by more than 150 percent year-on-year while China Merchants Bank estimated first-half net profit would be up more than 100 percent year-on-year .
per:spouse(e2,e1)	Tamara Jenkins	Jim Taylor	This one is written and directed by Tamara Jenkins whose husband Jim Taylor shared an Academy Award with Alexander Payne in 2005 for writing Sideways .
no_relation	Rihanna	model	Pop star Rihanna was honored and her presenter the model Iman referred to the singer's ordeal early this year when she was assaulted by boyfriend and fellow singer Chris Brown .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Thabo Mbeki	ANC	The 2008 SoNA marked the first address after the ousting of South African President Thabo Mbeki as President of the African National Congress ( ANC ) by former South African Deputy President Jacob Zuma and also the absence of both former Presidents Nelson Mandela and FW de Klerk and their respective spouses .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Finland	Juho Kusti Paasikivi	These issues were ultimately settled by the Fennoman Prime Minister and later President of Finland Juho Kusti Paasikivi .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Festus Mogae	Botswana	Among the African leaders present were Umaru Musa Yar ' Adua of Nigeria Thomas Boni Yayi of Benin Amando Guebuza of Mozambique Marc Ravalomanana of Madagascar and Festus Mogae of Botswana .
org:founded_by(e2,e1)	Doreen Bird	college	In 1954 Doreen Bird acquired a former vicarage which was renamed Vicarage House and would be the college 's first permanent premises .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Germany	Joseph Wirth	Later Ewald Latacz lead conversations with head German politicians September 4 1921 with Interior Minister of Germany - Georg Gradnauer and next with chancellor of Germany Joseph Wirth .
per:title(e1,e2)	William Howard Taft	attorney	William Howard Taft IV ( born September 13 1945 ) is an attorney who has served in the United States government under several Republican administrations .
per:cities_of_residence(e2,e1)	Guangzhou	his	Ip Kwok-him said Ma has been hospitalized with colon cancer in the southern Chinese city of Guangzhou and his condition is fluctuating .
no_relation	it	Virginia	However it continues to rank at the top of Virginia schools for test scores and overall academic quality and rigor .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Georges Clemenceau	France	in diameter depicts on the obverse a portrait of Georges Clemenceau France 's prime minister during the end of World War I who lived 1841-1929 is signed by the designer F. ( for ) Sicard depicts on the reverse an archaic Athenian Owl reverse ( without crescent moon ) and depicts as part of the reverse legend an ancient Greek theta that's represented with a horizontal bar instead of a dot in the center as typically appears on Owls .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Mehsud	Taliban	Mehsud was a Taliban veteran of Guantanamo Bay who began fighting Pakistani security forces after his release from the U.S. prison for terror suspects in 2004 .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Fort Defiance	Augusta County	Fort Defiance is an unincorporated community in Augusta County Virginia United States .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Myx	Philippines	The Myx Music Awards is an annual awards show that honors the biggest hitmakers in the Philippines .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Barack Obama	Illinois	Stanek generated national news during the 2008 Presidential campaign when publicizing Barack Obama 's four votes against Illinois ' Born Alive Infants Protection Act while state senator as well as his state senate floor testimony .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Health	Chua Soi Lek	Health Minister Chua Soi Lek was seen performing sexual acts with the woman in a hotel room .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Bell TV	Canada	DVB-S is used in both Multiple Channel Per Carrier ( MCPC ) and Single channel per carrier modes for Broadcast Network feeds as well as for Direct Broadcast Satellite services like Sky ( UK Ireland ) via Astra in Europe Dish Network and Globecast in the U.S. and Bell TV in Canada .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	She	France	She sung in the late 1980s and can be deemed as a one-hit wonder in France with her hit single C'est pas facile . . released in September 1986 .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	New Zealand	Auckland	Despite these comparatively low metrics in international comparison the Auckland Region with 34 % of New Zealand's population in 2007-08 had 47 % of national bus boardings 37 % of national rail boardings and 93 % of national ferry boardings showing an above-average level of patronage for New Zealand although if regions without rail and ferry services are excluded national rail boardings are actually below average ( Auckland has 75 percent of New Zealand's population with access to rail services ) .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Egypt	Hosni Mubarak	He was a member in the ruling National Democratic Party that eventually got dissolved following the 2011 Egyptian Revolution that toppled Egypt 's dictator President Hosni Mubarak .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Earle Page	Australia	He became active in community organizations including the New England New State Movement of Earle Page the Returned and Services League of Australia and the Aboriginal Protection Board .
org:members(e2,e1)	Nebraska Cornhuskers	Big	The 1964 Nebraska Cornhuskers football team was the representative of the University of Nebraska and member of the Big Eight Conference in the 1964 college football season .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	England	Richard of Dover	Around 1173 he went to England where he served Henry II and successive archbishops of Canterbury Richard of Dover as a Latin secretary .
org:top_members/employees(e2,e1)	Mark Lefanowicz	E-Loan	The start-up was primarily funded by investors Chris Larson CEO of Prosper and Mark Lefanowicz former president of E-Loan .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	Atari Games	Tengen	In 1993 after Time Warner bought a controlling stake in Atari Games the Tengen name was discontinued and home games were now released under the Time Warner Interactive ( TWI ) brand .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	RAAF	No. 1 Squadron RAAF	RAAF aircraft operating from bases in Java and Australia also participated in the fighting and 160 ground crew from No. 1 Squadron RAAF were taken prisoner .
per:origin(e1,e2)	Steve Molitor	Canadian	Steve Molitor ( born April 4 1980 in Sarnia Ontario ) is a former Canadian professional boxer .
org:founded_by(e2,e1)	Swindon	Stagecoach in Swindon	Swindon 's other main bus company Stagecoach in Swindon does not participate in the scheme .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	Greyhound Canada	FirstGroup	Greyhound Canada with its headquarters in Calgary is a subsidiary of Britain's FirstGroup linked with the Dallas-based Greyhound Lines .
org:city_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Vatican City	Swiss Guard	The Vatican City is guarded by the smallest and oldest regular army in the world the Swiss Guard http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Swiss_Guards [ wiki ] .
no_relation	Riyu Kosaka	June 11 2004	Begin is the first Japanese album by J-Pop group BeForU member Riyu Kosaka released June 11 2004 .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	Brian Melo	Hamilton	Brian Melo ( born August 15 1982 ) is a Canadian singer-songwriter from Hamilton Ontario who was the winner of the fifth season of Canadian Idol in 2007 .
org:city_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Rochester	Eastman Kodak	Nojay was born and raised in Rochester New York where his father worked at Eastman Kodak .
org:alternate_names(e2,e1)	American Export Airlines	American Overseas Airlines	Air transport's growing importance in the post-war era meant that Pan Am would no longer enjoy the official patronage it had been afforded in pre-war days to prevent the emergence of any meaningful competition both at home and abroad.Aviation News ( Pan American Airways : Part 2 ) p. 48 Key Publishing Stamford November 2011 Although Pan Am continued to use its considerable political influence to lobby for protection of its position as America's primary international airline it encountered increasing competition first from American Export Airlines ( American Overseas Airlines ( AOA ) from November 1945 ) across the Atlantic to Europe and subsequently from others including TWA to Europe Braniff to South America United to Hawaii and Northwest Orient to East Asia as well as five potential rivals to Mexico .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	He	Illinois	He was reversed in his judgment against Mayor Thompson and one of the co-defendants by the Illinois Supreme Court .
org:top_members/employees(e2,e1)	Wolfgang Dehen	Siemens	We are already on the optimal course in the smart grids business and will be running at top speed in the future Wolfgang Dehen the chief executive of the Siemens energy sector said in a statement .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Nicaragua	Ortega	Afterward the Sandinistas ruled Nicaragua for a decade with Ortega as president .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	He	Polish United Workers ' Party	He later became Prime Minister of Poland ( 1988 89 ) and First Secretary of the Polish United Workers ' Party .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Nina Simone	Bethlehem	Little Girl Blue is the debut album by Jazz singer/pianist/songwriter Nina Simone ( 1933 2003 ) for Bethlehem Records .
org:top_members/employees(e2,e1)	Roberto Colaninno	Piaggio	The Italian investors are headed by Roberto Colaninno chairman of motorcycle and scooter maker Piaggio who is expected to become chairman .
org:members(e1,e2)	Lancaster-Lebanon League	Nittany Lion	Zug attended Manheim Central High School in Manheim Pennsylvania where he was named the 2005 Lancaster-Lebanon League Player-of-the-Year edging out future Nittany Lion teammate Jared Odrick .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	Crimson Tide	University of Alabama	The 1908 Alabama Crimson Tide football team ( variously Alabama UA or Bama ) represented the University of Alabama in the 1908 college football season .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Mexico	Francisco I. Madero	There the revolutionary and President of Mexico Francisco I. Madero was born in 1873 .
per:origin(e2,e1)	South African	Fugard	But for the first time a drama by this grand old man of the South African stage will have its premiere at the Fugard a new theater named in his honor .
no_relation	Jackson	Gary	The Jackson 5 ( also spelled The Jackson Five sometimes stylized The Jackson 5ive ) later known as The Jacksons are an American popular music family group from Gary Indiana .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Education	Joseph Korto	Minister of Education Joseph Korto had earlier last week complained about rumours that workers from the country's West African Examinations Council ( WAEC ) circulated test papers a day before the examinations started .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Labor	Joseph Lyons	The 1928 election failed to deliver a majority and the Nationalists ' John McPhee took over from Labor 's Joseph Lyons as Premier of Tasmania .
per:country_of_birth(e1,e2)	Elin Nordegren	Sweden	Leading the speculation the celebrity news website TMZ.com reported that a dispute between Woods and his wife former model Elin Nordegren of Sweden was at the center of the incident .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Pininfarina	Cambiano	Pininfarina S.p.A. ( short for Carozzeria Pininfarina ) is an independent Italian car design firm and coachbuilder in Cambiano Italy .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Rossall School	Lancashire	Lima : Fondo Editorial de la Universidad Nacional Mayor de San Marcos ( Serie Sanmarquinos ) ( Compilation and introductory essay of second edition originally published in 1944 ) ( digital copy : Ficha biblioteca de San Marcos ) He received his early education at Markham College in Lima Peru and Rossall School in Lancashire England .
per:origin(e1,e2)	Gilles Duceppe	Canadian	Bloc leader Gilles Duceppe said he was happy Quebec got more than $ 3 billion Canadian ( US$ 2.55 billion euro1 .92 billion ) or 80 percent of what he was demanding .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Guyana	Desmond Hoyte	The Guyana Prizes for Literature were founded by President Desmond Hoyte in 1987 with a view to promoting the development of local literature .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Khmer Rouge	Pol Pot	Among the anticipated attractions is the spot where late Khmer Rouge leader Pol Pot was unceremoniously cremated under a pile of garbage and rubber tires in 1998 after he was purged from the movement .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	UK	International Power	It was sold for $ 2.35 billion and it operates as ' IPR_GDF SUEZ Hazelwood ' an Australian public company which is owned by UK company International Power plc ( 91.8 % share ) - part of the GDF SUEZ group - and the Commonwealth Bank Group ( the remaining 8.2 % ) .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	ExxonMobil	Standard Oil	= = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = Exxon Mobil Corp.or ExxonMobil ( NYSE : XOM ) a multi-national American corporation and a direct descendant of tightwad John D. Rockefeller's Standard Oil Co. .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Kevin Rudd	Australian Labor Party	First introduced in 2004 by a consortium of Dutch bank ABN AMRO and developer Leighton Holdings the project dubbed the Penrith High Speed Link known officially as Western FastRail was reproposed in December 2006 and received approving comments by the NSW State Government and was offered funding by Federal Opposition Leader Kevin Rudd should the Australian Labor Party win the 2007 Federal Election .
org:alternate_names(e1,e2)	CSKA	CSKA	The CSKA reserves squad or better known as CSKA 's double played professionally as FC CSKA-d Moscow ( Russian Second League in 1992 1993 Russian Third League in 1994 1997 ) after the dissolution of the Soviet Top League of doubles .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Gold Coast Football Club	Danny Stanley	During the 2009 off season the Gold Coast Football Club would make major inroads by signing Geelong Cats premiership play Nathan Ablett former North Melbourne player Daniel Harris and former Collingwood duo Danny Stanley and Sam Iles .
org:alternate_names(e2,e1)	Berry Bros. Rudd	BBR	After Berry Bros. Rudd acquired Morris Verdin in 2003 Morris was appointed BBR Buying Director .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Nicaragua	Violeta Chamorro	Dominica's Eugenia Charles and Nicaragua 's Violeta Chamorro led the way followed by Canadian Prime Minister Kim Campbell in 1993 .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Bayh	Indiana	Bayh was in a strong position to win a third term in his Republican-leaning state of Indiana and his decision makes it likelier that Democrats will suffer sharp losses at the polls where they face intense voter anger directed at incumbents .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Calvin Coolidge	United States	On December 22 1926 Cavanah was nominated by President Calvin Coolidge to a seat on the United States District Court for the District of Idaho vacated by Frank S. Dietrich .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	Honeyman-Scott	Hereford	During the mid-1970s Honeyman-Scott met future Pretenders bandmate Pete Farndon while the bassist was playing with Cold River Lady in Hereford ( Melody Maker 1979 ) .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	Lamborghini	Volkswagen Group	Developed by AUDI AG for use in the Gallardo and the first engine developed for Automobili Lamborghini S.p.A. after they were acquired by AUDI AG - part of the Volkswagen Group .
org:members(e2,e1)	unit	Fourth Air Force	In October 1945 the unit returned to the United States ; initially being assigned to Continental Air Forces's Fourth Air Force at March Field California .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Kuwait	Kuwait Airways	On January 9 2008 the National Assembly of Kuwait approved the plan to turn Kuwait Airways Corporation ( KAC ) into a private shareholding company .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Trojan	Brown	In the wake of the Trojan collapse Brown and Holness arranged a deal with local independent label owners Castro Brown ( who ran Morpheus Records ) and Larry Lawrence ( Ethnic Fight ) to distribute their releases in the UK.Reel p. 31 .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Kenya	Raila Odinga	Officials say Kenya 's president will announce a coalition Cabinet following talks with opposition leader Raila Odinga .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	John Foster McCreight	British Columbia	John Foster McCreight QC ( 1827 November 18 1913 ) was a jurist and the first Premier of the Canadian province of British Columbia .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Hahn	Los Angeles	Hahn unseated Charles A. Allen the incumbent member for the Los Angeles City Council District 8 in 1947 .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	New Zealand	Ministry of Transport	As New Zealand 's national meteorological service MetService produces and issues forecasts and official weather warnings on behalf of New Zealand's Ministry of Transport and is certified by the Civil Aviation Authority of New Zealand .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	San Diego Metropolitan Transit System	San Diego	San Ysidro Border Crossing Otay Mesa Border Crossing AMTRAK ( Pacific Surfliner ) Metrolink The Coaster San Diego and Arizona Eastern Railway San Diego Trolley San Diego Metropolitan Transit System Sprinter San Diego County contains three public state universities : University of California San Diego ; San Diego State University ; and California State University San Marcos .
org:top_members/employees(e2,e1)	John	Kiss	With St. John on board Kiss released the album Animalize on September 13 1984 .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Acharya Nagarjuna University	Guntur	He holds a BTech degree in Industrial Engineering and an MTech both from the Acharya Nagarjuna University Guntur .
per:cities_of_residence(e2,e1)	Bakersfield	Merle Haggard	In the late 1960s and early 1970s mainstream country music was dominated by the slick Nashville sound and the rock-influenced Bakersfield sound of artists like Merle Haggard .
org:alternate_names(e1,e2)	Free Association of German Trade Unions	FVdG	He returned to Germany in November 1918 upon an invitation from Fritz Kater to join him in Berlin to re-build the Free Association of German Trade Unions ( FVdG ) .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	He	Council	He helped organize the Council of Europe and supported to the Schumann Plan which in 1951 led to the foundation of the European Coal and Steel Community ( ECSC ) a forerunner in the process of European integration .
per:title(e1,e2)	Maria Sole Tognazzi	film director	His daughter Maria Sole Tognazzi ( b. 1971 ) is like Ricky a film director .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	Acer	Packard Bell	In announcing the move early Monday Acer executives repeatedly noted they plan to keep selling PCs under all the brands -- Acer Gateway eMachines and Packard Bell -- which separately appeal to wide variety of buyers across all price ranges from high-end computer enthusiasts to budget-minded consumers .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	jan	t Czechoslovaki	jan ( born October 19 1924 in nad ) is a former Czech politician and communis t Czechoslovaki a prime minister .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	Virgin Money	Virgin Group	Another potential suitor is Virgin Money part of entrepreneur Sir Richard Branson's Virgin Group .
org:top_members/employees(e1,e2)	Radical Party	leader	In 1901 he became a member of the Serbian Parliament and played a part in founding the Independent Radical Party whose leader he became in 1912 .
no_relation	DJ	DJ Whoo Kid	Shady Records DJ DJ Green Lantern was given his own show whilst 50 Cent's G-Unit DJ DJ Whoo Kid co-hosted G-Unit Radio on Saturdays .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Singapore	Lee Kuan Yew	Lianhe Zaobao : -- Singapore 's Minister Mentor Lee Kuan Yew said that workers here should prolong their retirement age .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Mildenhall College of Technology	Mildenhall	He was educated at Mildenhall College of Technology in Mildenhall Suffolk .
per:country_of_birth(e1,e2)	Michel Marcel Navratil	France	Michel Marcel Navratil was born on June 12 1908 in Nice France to Michel Navratil a tailor and Slovak immigrant to France and Marcelle Caretto an Italian who had married in London .
no_relation	England	Rahahyuck Mission	A partial list from letters and diaries for an exhibition called Koorie mounted by the Museum of Victoria in 1991 included : In 1846 Gippsland squatter Henry Meyrick wrote in a letter home to his relatives in England : In 1863 Rev Friedrich Hagenauer established Rahahyuck Mission on the banks of the Avon River near Lake Wellington to house the Gunai survivors from west and central Gippsland .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e2,e1)	Ohio	Rob Portman	Immediately after former Ohio congressman and former Bush administration official Rob Portman told the crowd that the supporter talk show host Bill Cunningham was an extremely important part of the McCain campaign .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	she	virgin	Three months after recording a demo with producer Peter Zizzo she signed with virgin Records .
org:top_members/employees(e2,e1)	Michael Phelps	The Advocate	Michael Phelps the publisher of The Advocate said the new policy of openness came about after the magazine polled its readers in April asking them if they wanted to continue to receive the magazine in the wrapper or not .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	C-Train	Calgary	Franklin is a stop on the Northeast Line ( Route 202 ) of the C-Train light rail system in Calgary Alberta Canada .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Brooke	Vincent Astor	Brooke inherited the Astors ' fortune and presided over the $ 67-million-endowed Vincent Astor Foundation which helped turn New York into the cosmopolitan city that it is .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Eggerz	Iceland	was the father in law of Eggerz who later took office as Minister for Iceland .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Interior	Giuliano Amato	Interior Minister Giuliano Amato said Wednesday that he could not rule out a postponement of the elections since electoral law allows for a 30-day election campaign .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Stax	Otis	According to Soulsville U.S.A. : The Story of Stax Records author Rob Bowman in these two songs Otis sings with a harsh impassioned gospel voice and saw similarities with the voice of Blind Boy Archie Brownlee and further reckoned the ending of the first would have made Redding a suberp gospel singer had he chosen to record in that idiom .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Mexico	Clemente Orozco	As Jane Turner explains in 1919 was the first exhibition of the work of SABOGAL at the Casa Brandes in Lima an event that would be immensely influential on the future . . Sabogal decided to promote Peruvian art to international audiences after a 1922 visit to Mexico where he met Diego Rivera Clemente Orozco and David Alfaro Siqueiros .
no_relation	Yo Gotti	Kia Shine	He has also been working with Ludacris Lil Jon The Clipse Hurricane Chris Yo Gotti Kia Shine Nina Sky and Shawty Putt on their latest projects .
no_relation	Mos Def	Geffen	Mos Def 's last album on Geffen Records and was released on December 29 2006 .
org:top_members/employees(e1,e2)	BBC	Thoday	Along with BBC Director General Mark Thompson Thoday was accused of blasphemy for his role as the producer of Jerry Springer the Opera .
org:founded(e1,e2)	NUIM	1997	The National University of Ireland Maynooth ( NUIM ; Irish : Ollscoil na Nuad ; ) was founded by the Universities Act 1997 as a constituent university of the National University of Ireland .
per:spouse(e2,e1)	George	Charlotte of Mecklenburg-Strelitz	Georg is a male-line descendant of George III of the United Kingdom and Charlotte of Mecklenburg-Strelitz and a descendant of Albert Prince Consort and Victoria of the United Kingdom through their daughters Victoria Princess Royal and Princess Alice of the United Kingdom .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	He	Nicaragua	He is to be sworn in to a five-year term as Nicaragua 's president on Wednesday .
org:city_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	North Chili	Roberts Wesleyan College	In 1866 he founded Chili Seminary in North Chili New York which today is known as Roberts Wesleyan College in his honor .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Gary Rossington	Lynyrd Skynyrd	Is Gary Rossington the only original Lynyrd Skynyrd member still living ?
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Florida	Florida Department of Education	Bill was awarded the 2005 Government Technology Leadership Award by IT Florida for his Business Intelligence work with the Florida Department of Education .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Bonnie Pink	Pony Canyon	Evil Flower's was Bonnie Pink 's third album released under the Pony Canyon label on April 17 1998 .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Nauset Regional High School	Eastham	DeVito attended high school at Nauset Regional High School in Eastham Massachusetts and resides in Wellfleet Massachusetts on Cape Cod .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e2,e1)	Alberta	Herbert Greenfield	Alberta though willing to give up the grant felt that it was owed compensation for land grants and mineral leases that were made by the federal government but which Alberta would be expected to honour after the resources were transferred.Foster ( 1981 ) 87 After years of wrangling between the federal government and Herbert Greenfield 's Alberta government wrangling in which Brownlee as Greenfield's attorney-general played a major role it initially appeared that the transfer was agreed upon : Brownlee met with King in Ottawa in January 1926 and signed the agreement ( subject to ratification by the federal Parliament and the Legislative Assembly of Alberta.Foster ( 1981 ) 120 However the next month federal lawyer O. M. Biggar came to Edmonton to discuss minor changes to the agreement .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Khmer Rouge	Pol Pot	Cambodia on Tuesday quietly marked the 10-year anniversary of Khmer Rouge leader Pol Pot 's death amid fears that time is running out to try his ageing surviving cadre before a genocide tribunal.Pol Pot the tyrant who turned Cambodia into the killing fields in the late 1970s died on April 15 1998 reportedly from heart attack in the remote northern Cambodian outpost of Anlong Veng the Khmer Rouge's final stronghold .
no_relation	Michael Jackson	Gary	Thousands of fans have paid tribute to Michael Jackson in his hometown of Gary Indiana while mystery remained over the fate of his children as a custody hearing was postponed until later this month .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	John Smith	Los Angeles	John Smith Los Angeles CA . . or California .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Ami Suzuki	Japan	Love the Island is the debut single of Japanese singer Ami Suzuki released on July 1 1998 through True Kiss Disc sub-label of Sony Music Entertainment Japan owned by Tetsuya Komuro .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	Earth	University	She went to represent the United States in the first edition of Miss Earth beauty pageant where the final coronation night was held on October 28 2001 at the University of the Philippines Theater in Quezon City Philippines .
per:title(e1,e2)	Miossec	singer	Christophe Miossec is a French singer and songwriter born in Brest Brittany France on December 24 1964 .
no_relation	Archduke Franz Ferdinand of Austria	Archduke	In addition to their daughters she also became the step mother to his children by his second wife Archduke Franz Ferdinand of Austria Archduke Otto Franz of Austria Archduke Ferdinand Karl of Austria and Archduchess Margarete Sophie of Austria .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Lovebugs	Switzerland	The Lovebugs are a Swiss Britpop inspired band from Basel Switzerland founded in 1992 .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	CCTV-9	CCTV	On January 1 2011 the channel's former name CCTV-9 was taken over by CCTV 's two documentary channels .
no_relation	Silver	2006	Silver at 2006 European Championships Gothenburg Sweden .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	Tousignant	Montreal	Tousignant was then influenced by the Pop Art school and adhered to a modern art movement in Montreal called les Plasticiens .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	Royal Veterinary College	University of London	There's a reason people pay Frankie Dettori a lot of money to ride their horses said Alan Wilson of the Royal Veterinary College at the University of London .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Saladin	Syria	Likewise many in the Islamic world felt disturbed that Saladin had failed to drive the Christians out of Syria and Palestine .
per:title(e2,e1)	President	Evo Morales	We will cooperate with Bolivia because we have a lot of sympathy for the government headed by President Evo Morales where the changes and transformations were registered Golubev said .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Mike Johanns	Nebraska	If confirmed by the Senate Edward Schafer a former two-term Republican governor of North Dakota from 1992 to 2000 will replace Mike Johanns to head the Agriculture Department after Johanns resigned in September to prepare the bid for the Nebraska Senate seat at the end of next year .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Singapore	Lee Hsien Loong	Lianhe Zaobao : -- Singapore Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong said he hopes Singapore's economy will grow between 3 percent and 5 percent this year adding that Singaporeans must also look beyond this year and upgrade themselves .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Barnes Noble	NY	March 4 2008 7:00 PM Barnes Noble Booksellers 2289 Broadway @ 82nd New York NY 10024 212-362-8835 .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	f Serbi	a Boris Tadi	Serbian Foreign Minister Vuk Jeremi? paid a visit to Azerbaijan in 2009 and President o f Serbi a Boris Tadi ? paid an official visit to Azerbaijan in 2010 .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Colegio de San Juan de Letran	Intramuros	Rogelio Alarcon O.P. former rector and president of Colegio de San Juan de Letran in Intramuros Manila and an alumnus proposed the idea of having another campus in the north .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Wales TUC	Cardiff	The General Secretary of the Wales TUC is Martin Mansfield ( 2009 ) who is based in the Cardiff office .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Alberta	Edmonton Social Planning Council	The In This Together : Ending Poverty in Alberta is a report developed in collaboration between the Public Interest Alberta Alberta College of Social Workers and Edmonton Social Planning Council .
per:spouse(e2,e1)	Edward	Philippa of Hainault	Margaret of England ( 20 July 1346 October/December 1361 ) was a royal princess born in Windsor the daughter of King Edward III of England and his Queen Philippa of Hainault .
per:alternate_names(e1,e2)	himself	Dolph Ziggler	On September 15 2008 Nemeth re-debuted on Raw introducing himself in a backstage segment under the name Dolph Ziggler .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Newman	Connecticut	The star's philanthropic contributions to his community and his country continue as well with Newman 's Own Foundation -- headquartered here in Westport -- making a $ donation for school supply money to the Hartford Connecticut public school system within the last week .
per:title(e1,e2)	Thirumalai Nayak	king	In Muttu Virappa's absence his son Thirumalai Nayak was crowned king .
per:origin(e2,e1)	Japanese	Hideki Tj	However as the war situation in the Pacific War continued to deteriorate against the Japanese the 14th Division was reassigned to the Southern Expeditionary Army Group and was personally tasked with the defense of Palau by General Hideki Tj .
org:members(e2,e1)	Evansville Crimson Giants	NFL	This is a list of American football players who have played for the Evansville Crimson Giants in the National Football League ( NFL ) .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	Pearl River	Philadelphia	Pearl River was founded in the early 1990s in Philadelphia Mississippi .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Australia	Toll Holdings	Virgin now 62.3 percent owned by Australia 's Toll Holdings Ltd forecast further growth as it expands its domestic services and starts long-haul international services in the second half of 2008 .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Vangelis	1978	In 1971 some jam sessions with a group of musicians at Marquee Studios in London had resulted in two albums ' worth of material unofficially released without Vangelis ' permission in 1978 titled Hypothesis ( aka Visions of the Future ) and The Dragon .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Leslie	France	5 Johan Wissman Sweden 45.41 6 Leslie Djhone France 45.56 .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	Chapel Hill	University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill	Title : Postdoctoral positions in G-protein coupled receptor pharmacology and molecular biology Department : UNC Chapel Hill Medical School Department of Pharmacology Employer : University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill Location : Chapel Hill NC United States Posted : Oct 28 .
per:cities_of_residence(e2,e1)	Louisville	Mitch McConnell	A key issue in the election was funding for a Veterans Administration hospital to replace the aging one in Louisville ; Yarmuth touted a commitment he and Mitch McConnell secured from the Department of Veterans Affairs to spend at least $ 60 million on the project while Northup attempted to downplay the merits of the commitment .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Suharto	Indonesia	Suharto himself on the other hand seems to have placed himself under a sort of voluntary house arrest said Abdulgani-Knapp whose book is titled Soeharto : The Life and Legacy of Indonesia 's Second President .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Mark Thomas	UK	Boatman had previously been lampooned by comedian and activist Mark Thomas who described how Pro-Tect had breached new UK controls on torture equipment and brokerage .
per:spouse(e1,e2)	Natalie Wood	Robert Wagner	Natalie Wood who played Susan in the original film was originally offered the role of Karen Walker with the idea that her real life daughter would play Susan and Robert Wagner her husband at the time would play Bill Schaffer .
per:spouse(e2,e1)	Max Roach	she	After meeting and later marrying jazz drummer Max Roach she became one of the first entertainers to make civil rights and racial pride an overt cause .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Brian Mulroney	Canada	That sale had been ordered by a board that is led by Brian Mulroney the former prime minister of Canada who is also a director of Quebecor .
no_relation	L'Avion	New York	L'Avion is a successful airline that has built up a premium business between Orly and New York in a relatively short period of time said Willie Walsh British Airways ' chief executive .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Wayne Shorter	Verve	is a live album by saxophonist Wayne Shorter released on Verve Records in 2002 .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	His	Indonesia	His rule was not without accomplishment ; he led Indonesia to stability and nurtured economic growth .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	he	Living Sacrifice	Even though he was a founding member of the Arkansas-based band he left Living Sacrifice in 1997 to spend time with his family .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	The College of William Mary	Williamsburg	The Tribe Fight Song is the official fight song of The College of William Mary located in Williamsburg Virginia .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Chile	Manuel Montt	( December 27 1833 July 17 1897 ) was a Chilean general best known for participating in the civil war of 1859 against the Conservative_Party _ ( Chile ) #Opposition : _ 1851-1891 government of Manuel Montt .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	High Court	Edmund Barton	Knox was one of six justices of the High Court to have served in the Parliament of New South Wales along with Edmund Barton Richard O'Connor Albert Piddington Edward McTiernan and H. V. Evatt .
org:members(e2,e1)	University of South Florida	Big East	He transferred to the University of South Florida ( USF ) where he played his senior season with the South Florida Bulls baseball team in the Big East Conference .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Thailand	Channel 9	Meanwhile Thailand 's Channel 9 Television said green-colored - steel fence is installed along the footpath in front of the ruling Democrat Party's headquarters after the United Front for Democracy against Dictatorship ( UDD ) disclosed over 10 venues to which they will march .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Ma Ying-jeou	Kuomintang	The president-elect Ma Ying-jeou and ( Kuomintang ) party chairman Wu Poh-hsiung were shocked upon learning it and have voiced condolences to his family Kuomintang spokesman Huang Yu-chen told reporters .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Chaim Weizmann	Israel	Chaim Weizmann the first president of the State of Israel and Herbert Samuel the British High Commissioner for Palestine during the British Mandate were both members of the synagogue .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	King Abdulaziz University	Jeddah	The headquarters of this assembly is within the Faculty of Science at King Abdulaziz University in Jeddah Saudi Arabia .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	It	Ontario	It also has campuses in Brantford Ontario Kitchener Ontario and Toronto Ontario and a future proposed campus in Milton Ontario .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Lindt	Gloggnitz	Lindt has six factories located in Kilchberg Switzerland ; Aachen Germany ; Oloron-Sainte-Marie France ; Induno Olona Italy ; Gloggnitz Austria ; and Stratham New Hampshire in the United States .
org:founded_by(e2,e1)	Dick Smith	Dick Smith Electronics	In 1968 Dick Smith founded electronics retailer Dick Smith Electronics as a small car radio installation business in the Sydney suburb of Artarmon New South Wales .
per:origin(e1,e2)	Konstantinos Karamanlis	Greek	Konstantinos Karamanlis is considered Greece's European architect laying the foundations for Greek entry into the European Union under his leadership .
org:founded_by(e1,e2)	company	Richard Branson	The company was founded by Sir Richard Branson and his Virgin Group author Deepak Chopra filmmaker Shekhar Kapur and entrepreneurs Sharad Devarajan Suresh Seetharaman and Gotham Chopra .
no_relation	Sean Flynn	Khmer Rouge	His only son Sean an actor and later a noted war correspondent disappeared in Cambodia in 1970 during the Vietnam War while working as a freelance photojournalist for Time magazine.The search for Sean Flynn continues : Magazine : mensvogue.com Flynn was presumed dead in 1971 probably murdered by the Khmer Rouge .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	HSBC Bank	China	HSBC Bank ( China ) ' s headquarters moved to Shanghai IFC in 2010 .
org:alternate_names(e1,e2)	UCI	Irvine	The University of California Irvine ( UCI UC Irvine or Irvine ) is a public research university located in Irvine California in the United States .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Chino Moreno	Deftones	It features instrumentation by and collaboration with a vast array of contemporary musicians including Chino Moreno of Deftones Les Claypool of Primus Randy Randall and Dean Spunt of No Age Tyler Pope of LCD Soundsystem and !!!
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	John Sherman	State	The Secretary of State John Sherman was old and in poor health and the Assistant Secretary of State William R. Day was inexperienced in diplomacy which meant that Adee as the third-ranking officer in the department effectively supervised U.S. diplomacy during a war .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Pakistan	Nawaz Sharif	Former Pakistan prime minister Nawaz Sharif on Thursday said President Pervez Musharraf must resign immediately to save Pakistan after the assassination of Benazir Bhutto .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Peart	Rush	Lee Lifeson and Peart are stunningly fluent technicians -- a handful of the band's live concert films capture the Rush experience in all its absurd glory -- but how did they get that way ?
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Barbara Boxer	California	Democratic Sen. Barbara Boxer who represents environment - friendly California is installing energy efficient lights in her Capitol Hill office that dim in response to natural light .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Mexico	Carlos Salinas de Gortari	She gave concerts before various world leaders : President Charles de Gaulle of France the leader of Yugoslavia Josip Broz Tito Soviet minister Andrei Gromyko Premier of the Soviet Union Leonid Brezhnev King of Spain Juan Carlos I and Queen Sofia Queen Elizabeth II American Presidents Dwight D. Eisenhower John F. Kennedy Lyndon B. Johnson and Richard Nixon and Presidents of Mexico Adolfo Ruiz Cortines and Carlos Salinas de Gortari .
no_relation	Bono	Dublin	It was to be announced by U2's singer Bono during a concert by the band in Dublin later Monday Amnesty said .
org:members(e2,e1)	Utes	Mountain West Conference	In his second season Boylen turned the Utes into Mountain West Conference champions guiding them to a 21 9 regular season record ( 12 4 in the Mountain West ) and winning the conference tournament .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Nawaz Sharif	Pakistan	ISLAMABAD : The Supreme Court on Tuesday reiterated that former prime minister Mian Nawaz Sharif can come to Pakistan any time and stressed for the implementation of its earlier judgment in letter and spirit .
org:members(e1,e2)	Silent Majority Group	Candlebox	In 2010 three of Hanson's Silent Majority Group signings Tantric Candlebox and Framing Hanley reached sales of over albums .
per:spouse(e1,e2)	Gary Morton	Lucille Ball	Gary Morton ( December 19 1924 March 30 1999 ) was the second husband of Lucille Ball .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Algonquin College	Ontario	Algonquin College of Applied Arts and Technology is a publicly funded English-language college and member of Polytechnics Canada located in Ottawa Ontario Canada .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Wells Cathedral School	Somerset	Head of Boys Sport at Wells Cathedral School Somerset England and Director of Sport / Rugby at Glenstal Abbey school Co. Limerick Ireland .
org:founded_by(e2,e1)	David Winters	Action International Pictures	After The Winters Group helped finance David A. Prior's previous film Aerobicide Prior along with executive producers David Winters and Bruce Lewin and producer Peter Yuval formed Action International Pictures and their first projects were Mankillers and Deadly Prey .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	France	Renault	France is home to two major automaking companies - PSA Peugeot ( owner of the Peugeot and Citroen marques ) and Renault S.A. ( owner of the Renault marque and of Dacia of Romania and Renault Samsung Motors of South Korea ) .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Germany	Darmstadt University of Technology	His ideas were considered radical not taken seriously in Germany and rejected by the Darmstadt University of Technology where Zapf lectured between 1972 and 1981 .
no_relation	Rygge	Moss	It is located in Rygge outside Moss and outside Oslo .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Creighton University	Omaha	Similarly Creighton University in Omaha Nebraska lists students ' rights but renders them meaningless by explaining that the school can deviate from . . . this handbook at any time .
org:members(e1,e2)	English Premier Ice Hockey League	Guildford Flames	At the same time the British National League folded and the Bees were accepted into the English Premier Ice Hockey League ( a.k.a. the EPL ) along with the Hull Stingrays and the Bees big rivals the Guildford Flames .
per:title(e2,e1)	Camp	Geiger	Camp Geiger is a United States Marine Corps base .
org:top_members/employees(e2,e1)	Dick Monfort	University of Northern Colorado	Dick Monfort was named to the University of Northern Colorado Hall of Fame in 1995 with two national champions an All-America baseball player an athlete who won 13 letters prominent former coaches and the athletic trainer of 26 years .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Philippines	TUCP	Ariel Castro of the Philippines trade union congress TUCP said : In the Philippines in textiles and clothing from 250 companies in the early 1990s the number has gone down to five companies .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Ian	Botswana	Her sons Ian and Tshekedi became prominent politicians in Botswana .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Japan	Top League	Rugby in Japan continues to grow in popularity which is reflected in the increasing number of spectators supporting the annual Top League company championship .
no_relation	Rabin	Israel	Peres said earlier this week that Rabin 's far-right assassin Yigal Amir had failed in his plot to sabotage efforts to achieve peace between Israel and the Palestinians .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	Tesco	Tesco Ireland	The Northern Ireland operations were folded into Tesco 's core UK business while the Republic of Ireland operations became Tesco Ireland .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Urho Kekkonen	Finland	Urho Kekkonen National Park ( ) is a national park in Lapland Finland situated in area of municipalities of Savukoski and Inari .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	Nintendo	Future US	As of issue # 222 ( December 2007 ) Nintendo contracted publishing duties to Future US the U.S. subsidiary of British publisher Future .
org:members(e2,e1)	his	Brunswick	During his Brunswick career ( 1926 1932 ) a virtual who's who of great jazz musicians were members of Nichols ' studio recording sessions ; see below for more information .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Musharraf	Pakistan	In 2003 Musharraf passed the 17th Amendment which gave the President more powers then the Prime minister and shifted Pakistan 's parliamentary system of semi-Presidential system .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Canada	Front Line Assembly	Chris Peterson ( born Christopher Garet Peterson 14 May 1968 ) is a Vancouver British Columbia Canada based producer and keyboard player and works for Front Line Assembly Noise Unit and Decree .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Big Machine	Swift	It was released on October 28 2008 by Big Machine Records as a promotional single from Swift 's second studio album Fearless on iTunes though it is no longer available .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	James Stevenson	UK	James Stevenson ( born October 1958 ) is a UK punk/alternative rock guitarist at one time appearing with The Alarm Gene Loves Jezebel Generation X and Chelsea .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	He	Ark	He is known for being the former vocalist of bands Masterplan Ark Beyond Twilight Millenium Vagabond and The Snakes as well as for his successful solo career as Jorn .
no_relation	Sudan Airways	Sudan	-- July 8 2003 : A Sudan Airways Boeing 737-200 crashes after taking off from Port Sudan leaving at least 115 dead .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	France	Alain	After having published a famous editorial in January 1995 where Ramonet coined the term unique ( single thought ) to describe the supremacy of the neoliberal ideology the newspaper supported the November December 1995 general strike in France against Prime minister Alain 's ( RPR ) plan to cut pensions .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	The Beat Club	Florida	The Beat Club is a mostly techno music group that was founded in the late '80s by Ony Rodriguez and Mirey Valls in Miami Florida .
org:founded(e1,e2)	Norwegian School of Economics and Business Administration	1936	He graduated from Copenhagen Business School in 1934 and worked in the advertising agencies Fabritius and B.A.B. before being hired at the newly established Norwegian School of Economics and Business Administration in 1936 .
org:members(e2,e1)	band	Chemikal Underground	The band were signed to independent record label Chemikal Underground and split in 2006 .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Harold Brown	Defense	It is named for Harold Brown a physicist who served as United States Secretary of the Air Force from 1965-1969 and later as United States Secretary of Defense ( 1977-1981 ) .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Pierre de Fermat	France	Pierre de Fermat ( ; 17 August 1601 or 1607 12 January 1665 ) was a French lawyer at the Parlement of Toulouse France and an amateur mathematician who is given credit for early developments that led to infinitesimal calculus including his technique of adequality .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Springton Lake Middle School	Media	Springton Lake Middle School is a middle school in Media Pennsylvania with a student population of about 850 .
org:founded(e2,e1)	1860	Guardian Life Insurance Company of America	A mutual insurer founded in 1860 The Guardian Life Insurance Company of America and its subsidiaries sell life long term care insurance disability income group medical and dental insurance products and offer 401 ( k ) annuities and other financial products .
no_relation	Hampshire	Alton College	There are 14 further education colleges within the Hampshire LEA including 5 graded as ' outstanding ' by Ofsted : Alton College Farnborough Sixth Form College Peter Symonds College Queen Mary's College and South Downs College There are four universities namely the University of Southampton Southampton Solent University the University of Portsmouth and the University of Winchester ( which also had a small campus in Basingstoke until 2011 ) .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	Thompson	London	Thompson went to Beckford Primary School in West Hampstead Camden London England followed by Camden School for Girls and then read English at Newnham College Cambridge where she was a member ( along with fellow actors Stephen Fry Hugh Laurie and Tony Slattery ) and vice-president of the university's comedy troupe the Footlights .
per:country_of_birth(e1,e2)	Dilian Francisca Toro	Colombia	Dilian Francisca Toro Torres ( born 6 January 1959 ) is a Colombian doctor and politician serving as Senator of Colombia .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Chiang Kai-shek	China	1887 : Chiang Kai-shek the late president of the Republic of China is born at Hsikou in Fenghua County Chekiang Province .
org:founded_by(e2,e1)	Mikhail Fridman	Alfa Group	But speculation is swirling in the market about almost every oligarchic holding -- ranging from Vladimir Yevtushenkov's Sistema holding to Mikhail Fridman 's Alfa Group .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Interior	Dirk Kempthorne	Interior Secretary Dirk Kempthorne proposed the rule in response to letters from 51 U.S. senators -- 42 Republicans and nine Democrats -- who asked that the current rule be changed .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Khalifa bin Zayed Al Nahyan	United Arab Emirates	Sheik Khalifa bin Zayed Al Nahyan is the ruler of Abu Dhabi and serves as the president of the United Arab Emirates the federation of seven small emirates including Dubai and Abu Dhabi .
no_relation	Hellcat	Joe Strummer	On 21 August 2012 and what would have been Strummer's 60th birthday Hellcat Records released an exclusive 57 song digital download album titled Joe Strummer and The Mescaleros The Hellcat Years .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	Hilton Hotels Corporation	Blackstone Group	Late on Tuesday Hilton Hotels Corporation revealed it was to be bought by private equity giant Blackstone Group in an all-cash deal worth 26 billion dollars ( 19 billion euros ) .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	de	Montreal	de ( or ADM ) is the main airport authority in Greater Montreal headquartered in Suite 1000 of the Leigh-Capreol Place ( French : place Leigh-Capreol ) in Dorval Quebec .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	He	United States	He came to the United States in July 1913 settling in Seattle .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	Department of Foreign Affairs and Trade	Austrade	They are mostly maintained of the Department of Foreign Affairs and Trade with some smaller posts being run by Austrade .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	de Oliveira Salazar	Portugal	It was during this time that de Oliveira Salazar led Portugal in which several thousands of Portuguese citizens fled to other countries especially neighboring Rhodesia and South Africa as well as Brazil and the United States .
org:members(e2,e1)	Heythrop College	University of London	He has been a visiting professor at University College Cork in Cork Ireland a professor-in-residence at Heythrop College at the University of London in London England along with a Visiting Assistant Professor at the University of Florida Gainesville Florida .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	Chali 2na	Jurassic 5	In 2011 he joined up with Chilean DJ Latin Bitman to form the group Ritmo Machine in November 2011 they released the album Welcome To The Ritmo Machine on Nacional Records with special guests Sick Jacken ( Psycho Realm ) Ana Tijoux Sen-Dog Mix Master Mike ( Beastie Boys ) P-Nut ( 311 ) Pato Machete Chali 2na ( Jurassic 5 ) .
no_relation	Silverjet	London	The last Silverjet flight departed Dubai Friday morning bound for Silverjet's base at Luton north of London .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Sonic Youth	Kim Gordon	Shortly after The Coachmen's breakup Moore went on to form Sonic Youth along with his girlfriend bassist Kim Gordon .
org:members(e1,e2)	Big 12	Missouri	Coffman had an amazing 2006 campaign leading all Big 12 tight ends with 58 catches for 638 yards and nine touchdowns all of these were also Missouri records for tight ends .
no_relation	Robert Smith	Alison	For one of the French dates of the tour ( Stade Couvert 15 November 1992 ) Cranes vocalist Alison Shaw was ill and the group had to revise their entire set with Robert Smith replacing Alison 's vocal melodies on 6-string bass and joined by The Cure's guitarist Porl Thompson.Hartmann Olivier Laurence Fabien Forever Interview ( No. 14 ) September 1993 .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	luna	Philippines	luna is a Filipino pop rock band from Cebu Philippines currently based in Manila .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Gurgenidze	Supervisory Board	In September 2009 based on the decision of President and the government of Rwanda Gurgenidze was appointed as the Chairman of the Supervisory Board of the largest bank in Rwanda Bank of Kigali .
no_relation	Coronado	2nd Marine Division	Following his promotion to brigadier general in June 1963 with date of rank from July 1962 he performed active service as Assistant Commanding General Marine Corps Base Camp Pendleton California in the summer of 1963 ; Assistant Commanding General Landing Force Training Unit Pacific at Coronado California in the summer of 1964 ; Assistant Division Commander 2nd Marine Division FMF at Camp Lejeune North Carolina in the summer of 1965 ; President Marine Corps Reserve Policy Board USMC in the summer of 1966 and in addition served at Fleet Marine Force Pacific including the 3rd Marine Amphibious Force in Vietnam .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Than Shwe	SPDC	Than Shwe Chairman of the Myanmar State Peace and Development Council ( SPDC ) said China and Myanmar are friendly neighbors since ancient time and the paukphaw ( fraternal ) friendship has already been established between the two countries .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	She	Athens	She posed with little mannerism in revealing clothes and looked ready to put the fire back in the nightlife of Athens .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Manuel Montt	Chile	Thus Manuel Montt as President of Chile in 1852 announced the province of Arauco intended to administer all territories south of the and north of the River .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Ho	Vietnam	In May 1950 Zeng saw a picture of Ho in a newspaper and learned that he was now president of the Democratic Republic of Vietnam which later became the government of North Vietnam .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Sergei Bagapsh	Russia	The Russian-Abkhaz deal signed in Moscow Wednesday during an elaborate state visit by rebel leader Sergei Bagapsh builds on previous agreements allowing Russia to maintain thousands of troops and border guards in Abkhazia .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	45 Commando	Commando Brigade Royal Marines	45 Commando Royal Marines ( pronounced four-five commando ) is a battalion sized unit of the British Royal Marines and subordinate unit within 3 Commando Brigade Royal Marines the principal Commando formation under the Operational Command of Commander in Chief Fleet .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Anand Panyarachun	Thailand	Townsend is a member of Club de Madrid a global membership organization focused on spreading democracy that is made up of 88 members from 60 countries including former president Bill Clinton Nobel Peace winner Aung San Suu Kyi Wim Kok prime minister of the Netherlands Kofi Anan Secretary General of the United Nations Carl Bildt President of Sweden Jean Chretian former Prime Minister of Canada Yasuo Fukuda former Prime Minister of Japan Mikhail Gorbachev Nobel Peace winner and President of the Soviet Union Anand Panyarachun former Prime Minister of Thailand .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Lee Greenwood	MCA	The Legend of the Bandit Performed by : Lee Greenwood Courtesy of MCA Records Inc .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Pakistan	Nawaz Sharif	In terms of Article 45 of the Constitution of Islamic Republic of Pakistan the president is advised to : - ( a ) Remit the sentence of imprisonment for life awarded to Mian Muhammad Nawaz Sharif by the High Court of Sindh in its judgment dated October 30 2000 in Special Appeal No 43 of 2000 under Section 402B of the Pakistan Penal Code read with section 7 ( ii ) of the Anti-Terrorism Act 1997 and ( b ) Remit the sentence of R.I for 14 years awarded to Mian Muhammad Nawaz Sharif by the Accountability Court Attock Fort in its judgment dated July 22 2000 in reference No 2 of 2000 under Section 9 ( a ) ( v ) of the National Accountability Bureau Ordinance 1999 .
org:city_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	New Haven	Yale Law School	Clinton's first stop Monday was in New Haven where she graduated from Yale Law School more than three decades ago .
org:top_members/employees(e1,e2)	LRA	Joseph Kony	Earlier in December the governments of those three countries launched an unprecedented joint military offensive against the LRA whose leader Joseph Kony has repeatedly backed out of a peace deal with Kampala .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Rochester Institute of Technology	NY	Title : Lecturer Networking Security and Systems Administration PC # 4062 IRC # 11158 Employer : Rochester Institute of Technology Location : Rochester NY United States Posted : Nov 16 .
per:spouse(e2,e1)	Henry	Anne	Henry and Anne were convinced that their first child would be a boy .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Young Noble	Outlawz	For the track Revolution Remix Kempi worked with E.D.I. Mean and Young Noble of the American rap group Outlawz which was co-founded by hip-hop legend Tupac Shakur in 1995 .
per:spouse(e2,e1)	Mary of Teck	George V of the United Kingdom	Alexandra of Denmark ( Queen Alexandra widow of Edward VII of the United Kingdom ) Mary of Teck ( Queen Mary widow of King George V of the United Kingdom ) and Elizabeth Bowes-Lyon ( Queen Elizabeth the Queen Mother widow of King George VI of the United Kingdom ) all followed this practice .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Richard Lee I	Virginia	Col. Richard Lee I the Immigrant ( 1617 1664 ) arrived in Jamestown in 1639 at the age of 22 with very little to his name other than the patronage of an influential man Sir Francis Wyatt the 1st Governor of Virginia .
no_relation	Zuffa	World Extreme Cagefighting	A unit of Mubadala Development Co. Abu Dhabi's investment arm has also bought a 10 percent stake in Zuffa owner of the Ultimate Fighting Championship and World Extreme Cagefighting .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Sudan	Sadiq al-Mahdi	Beshir's main challengers in the race are Yasser Arman a secular Muslim from north Sudan representing the ex-rebel Sudan People's Liberation Movement and Sadiq al-Mahdi the premier whom Beshir ousted and who now leads the influential Islamist Umma Party .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Earle Page	Australia	It stands on land consisting of of forest surrounded by National and State Parks and was officially opened in 1930 by Dr Sir Earle Page MHR then Leader of the Country Party and former Treasurer of Australia and later Prime Minister of Australia .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Naio Ssaion	Slovenia	Naio Ssaion is a rock band from Slovenia .
org:alternate_names(e1,e2)	VFA-103	Jolly Rogers	The current squadron to hold the name is the VFA-103 Strike Fighter Squadron 103 ( the Jolly Rogers ) the skull and crossbones on all-black tails makes them easily identifiable .
org:alternate_names(e2,e1)	West Virginia	West Virginia University	The 1974 West Virginia Mountaineers football team represented West Virginia University in the 1974 college football season .
per:spouse(e2,e1)	Henry	Catherine of Valois	In 1421 Catherine even travelled to England as lady-in-waiting to the wife of the King Henry Catherine of Valois who was Catherine's niece .
org:founded(e1,e2)	UAMS	1879	Although UAMS Medical Center ( also known as University of Arkansas Medical Center ) was founded in 1879 no patients were admitted or treated at the facility until 1892 .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	United States	Manhattan Project	He is one of the British scientists who participated in the United States ' Manhattan Project Britain's Tube Alloys and was involved in nuclear weapon development .
org:founded(e1,e2)	BMC	1997	After the formation of Rajiv Gandhi University of Health Sciences BMC was affiliated to the new university in 1997 .
no_relation	LDK	Ibrahim Rugova	The Alliance for the Future of Kosovo of Ramush Haradinaj also signed an agreement with the LDK Ibrahim Rugova faction list on 10 November 2010 .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	Centrale Graduate School	centrale de	In the same time the Centrale Graduate School group expanded by opening a new school in Beijing centrale de .
per:alternate_names(e2,e1)	Sabah	Joseph Pairin Kitingan	Maximus Ongkili senior researcher and deputy chief director of IDS nephew of Jeffrey Kitingan and Chief Minister of Sabah Joseph Pairin Kitingan electoral press consultant to Pairin Kitingan during the 1990 Sabah state and national elections is arrested on January 3 .
org:members(e2,e1)	Defensor Sporting Club	France national football team	He played for Defensor Sporting Club and FC and earned 8 caps for the France national football team and played in the 1938 FIFA World Cup .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Yehude Simon	Peru	Following the resignation of the Council of Ministers Governor of Lambayeque Yehude Simon was appointed Prime Minister of Peru succeeding Jorge Del Castillo .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Kuomintang	Ma Ying-jeou	Kuomintang ( KMT ) nominee Ma Ying-jeou won with 58 % of the vote ending eight years of Democratic Progressive Party rule .
no_relation	July 14 1969	Salvadoran army	On July 14 1969 the Salvadoran army launched an attack against Honduras .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Karan	India	September 29 : Karan Singh - Part of the President's Lecture Series co-sponsored with the Center for India Studies .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Luxembourg	Juncker	Luxembourg 's Juncker who is also his country's finance minister heads monthly meetings of eurozone finance ministers and has frequently called in the past for more dialogue with the ECB .
org:founded_by(e2,e1)	Lee Soo Man	SM Entertainment	In July 2011 it received more than US $ from Lee Soo Man founder of the South Korean music label SM Entertainment 's who donated the funds to support the organization's efforts in spreading Korean culture across continental Europe .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Motown	Stubbs	Unlike other Motown artists Stubbs never spoke bitterly about the company in later years .
no_relation	BOAC	1974	Having established its main operating base at Northolt BEA operated its first service from Heathrow in April 1950 ; by late-1954 all Northolt operations had moved to Heathrow which remained the airline's main operating base until the merger with BOAC in 1974 .
per:country_of_birth(e1,e2)	Anthony Doyle	England	Anthony Doyle MBE ( born Ashford Middlesex England 19 May 1958 ) is a British former professional cyclist .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Crawl	James Reyne	During the court case media also reported that he fell out with Crawl co-founder James Reyne after claiming to have written The Boys Light Up one of Australian Crawl's early hits .
per:spouse(e2,e1)	Henry	Anne of Cleves	The Act confirmed that the marriage between King Henry VIII and Anne of Cleves was annulled .
org:alternate_names(e2,e1)	Loja	Universidad Particular de Loja	He is creator of the soundtrack of documentary-fiction film Saraguro with Sangre Inca performed by the Symphony Orchestra of Loja ( Orquesta de Loja ) Choir of the Technical University of Loja ( Universidad Particular de Loja ) National University of Loja ( Universidad Nacional de Loja ) and folk group Temporal the film is going to debut in May 2010 .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Ithaca College	Ithaca	She graduated from Ithaca College Ithaca NY .
no_relation	Khieu Samphan	Democratic Kampuchea	In what he described as another concession Khieu Samphan proposed forming a coalition government without integrating the other resistance groups into institutions associated with Democratic Kampuchea .
org:alternate_names(e1,e2)	Canadian Forces	Air Command	The Allied Force bar was presented to pilots and crew of what was then called the Canadian Forces Air Command ( now the Royal Canadian Air Force ) who flew a minimum of five sorties over Kosovo and other territories including Albania and the Socialist Republic of Macedonia as well as the Adriatic and Ionian Seas during Operation Allied Force between 24 March and 10 June 1999 .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	Malcolm McLaren	London	It's always been one from sales of sheet music in the days before radio to trinkets for sale on the early country-music circuit to the Sex Pistols ' origins as a consumerist ploy by their manager Malcolm McLaren who was looking to drum up business for his clothing boutique in London .
per:country_of_birth(e2,e1)	Panama	Flex	Panama singer changes dubious nickname for U.S. Before releasing an album in the United States in 2008 Flex removed references to his nickname in songs and his CD packages were reprinted with the name Flex .
per:country_of_birth(e1,e2)	Albert Margai	Sierra Leone	Other prominent Sierra Leonean politicians from the Mende ethnic group include the country's second prime minister Sir Albert Margai who was also the younger brother of Milton Margai ; former commander of the Republic of Sierra Leone Armed Forces and former Sierra Leone's head of state Brigadier David Lansana ; former Head of State of Sierra Leone Brigadier General Julius Maada Bio ; former Sierra Leone's vice president Albert Joe Demby ; former Sierra Leone's vice president and attorney general Solomon Berewa ; former Sierra Leone's vice president minister of Justice and Attorney General Francis Minah ; former Sierra Leone's attorney general and one of the founding members of the Sierra Leone People's Party ( SLPP ) Banja Tejan-Sie .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Poland	Polish National Bank	Their legacy is continued by Poland 's present central bank the Polish National Bank founded in 1945 .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Couche-Tard	Quebec	Couche-Tard has held the master franchise for Dunkin' Donuts in Quebec since August 2003 but agreed in August 2008 to terminate this franchise within 12 to 18 months .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	ABC	Patricia Wettig	But what you may not know is that the ABC dramedy is a family affair for Roxy whose mother Patricia Wettig stars as William Walker's former mistress Holly and father Ken Olin executive produces directs and stars .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Lloyd	Georgia	After TCW folded in 2003 Lloyd made sporadic appearances with Georgia Championship Wrestling and held a backstage position with TNA Wrestling .
per:cities_of_residence(e2,e1)	Vienna	Theodor	In 1930 she moved to Vienna Austria and lived with a friend of her mother Baroness Netka Latscher-Lauendorf who was the companion of Theodor later president of Austria .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Roberto Carlos	Brazil	In his memoir Tropical Truth for instance Veloso calls Roberto Carlos The King and describes him as the symbolic presence of Brazil .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Indiana	Indiana State University	He currently lives in Terre Haute Indiana and was the head men's basketball coach at Indiana State University for 12 seasons ( 1955 1967 ) .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Transperth Trains	Perth	The Transperth A-series trains are a class of electric multiple unit operated by Transperth Trains in Perth Western Australia .
per:title(e2,e1)	Archbishop	George Carey	In London they were greeted by the Archbishop of Canterbury Dr George Carey .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	MobiFone	VNPT	Vietnam is home to six telecommunications service providers three of which VinaPhone and MobiFone operated by the state - owned Vietnam Posts and Telecommunications Group ( VNPT ) and the military-owned Vietnam are being most aggressively courted by foreign firms .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Thomas Hart Benton	Missouri	Known as the little giant of the Ozarks Maecenas named his son after his uncle Thomas Hart Benton one of the first two United States Senators elected from Missouri .
no_relation	Greenwood	England	In 2004 Greenwood served as a judge for the Next Generation Poets talent contest sponsored by the Arts Council of England .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Standard Oil	New Jersey	Rockefeller countered by moving Standard Oil to New Jersey who allowed their corporations to hold stock in out-of-state companies thus Standard Oil of New Jersey became that holding Company .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	Thomas Jefferson	Charlottesville	The Gardens of Monticello were gardens first designed by Thomas Jefferson for his plantation Monticello near Charlottesville Virginia .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Iowa State University	Ames	Title : Assistant Professors in Human Nutrition Employer : Iowa State University Food Science and Human Nutrition Department Location : Ames IA United States Posted : Nov 13 .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	his	G-Unit	Game signed onto Aftermath Entertainment it was later arranged that he would work with 50 Cent and his hip hop group G-Unit .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Craig	Idaho	Craig was a member of the Idaho Army National Guard from 1970 to 1972 attaining the rank of Private First Class ( E3 ) after which he received an honorable discharge .
org:top_members/employees(e1,e2)	NBC	Jeff Zucker	NBC Universal President/CEO Jeff Zucker had previously said that NBC no longer believed that they could be No. 1 in prime time .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Finland	Urho Kekkonen	The party was formed as some of the members of the parliamentary group of the Rural Party of Finland wanted to support the idea of re-electing the president of Finland Urho Kekkonen without presidential elections for the years 1974-1978 .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Haiti	Henri Christophe	Wilberforce then talked Saunders into sailing to Haiti to help advise Emperor Henri Christophe .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Pakistan	Nawaz Sharif	It consists of the following parties : All Pakistan Muslim League ( or APML ) founded in 2010 by former Army chief president of Pakistan Pervez Musharraf and supporters breaking away from the PML-Q and PML N. PML-N the Nawaz Sharif group ordinarily not recognized as original Muslim League was named so after separation of PML ( Q ) .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	NBC	RCTV	By the 1960s the American television network NBC had purchased a twenty percent stake in RCTV .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	It	Harford County	It is one of the few schools in Harford County Maryland to have a Future Farmers of America and the only school in Harford County to have a barn with a semi-working farm on campus .
org:top_members/employees(e2,e1)	Ferrara	University of Ferrara	He met Ercole II d'Este Duke of Ferrara who sponsored his studies at the University of Ferrara where Antoniani earned a doctorate in civil and canon law in 1556 and was professor of classical literature .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Trevor Jackson	Playgroup	Another Germano collaboration of sorts was released later that year when another Excerpts track Lovesick was remixed by drum bass producer The Underdog ( aka Trevor Jackson later of Playgroup ) and released as a single on his Output Recordings label .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	SEAT	Spain	After a second more thorough restyling in December 1986 it received the SEAT Marbella nameplate ( codenamed 28 for SEAT Marbella and 028A for SEAT Marbella box ) and was produced by SEAT until 1998 in the company's Zona Franca plant in Spain .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Uttar Pradesh Technical University	Lucknow	SITM ( Barabanki ) conducts undergraduate and postgraduate courses under Uttar Pradesh Technical University Lucknow .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	The Walt Disney Company	United States	The Walt Disney Company 's first attempt at launching a 24-hour cable channel for preschoolers in the United States came about in 2001 when the company announced plans to debut the Playhouse Disney Channel a television offshoot of Disney Channel's daytime programming block Playhouse Disney .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Yitzhak Rabin	Israel	Most notable among them is Sara Imas a former Chinese citizen with a German Jewish father and Jiangsu mother who was born and raised in China and later recognized by former Israeli Prime Minister Yitzhak Rabin as the first Jewish immigrant from China to Israel .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Hong Kong Institute of Education	Hong Kong	The Hong Kong Institute of Education ( Abbreviated : HKIEd ) is one of eight subsidised tertiary institutes under the University Grants Committee of Hong Kong .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	UBC	Canada	UBC is consistently included among the top three research universities in Canada and among the top research universities in the world both in terms of quality and quantity of research.http : / / www.publicaffairs.ubc.ca/services-for-media/ubc-facts-figures/#11 In 2011 UBC reported $ 549 million per year in research funding involving over faculty and staff .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Maryland	Daniel Brewster	During the primary election in May 1964 Tydings faced Maryland Comptroller Louis L. Goldstein who had won the endorsement of both J. Millard Tawes Governor of Maryland and Daniel Brewster the other U.S. Senator from Maryland .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Dean Martin	Arizona	The other Republican candidates are state treasurer Dean Martin Owen Buz Mills former Arizona Board of Regents president John Munger Matthew Jette and Tom Gordon .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	She	North Tyneside Council	She began her second term as Mayor in June 2009 after winning the North Tyneside Council mayoral election 2009 after defeating the incumbent Labour mayor John Harrison .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Sellapan Ramanathan	Singapore	During the visit President Triet is expected to hold talks with President Sellapan Ramanathan other high-ranking Singaporean officials and some businessmen of Singapore .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e2,e1)	Florida	Bob Graham	While at the University of Florida she became engaged to Bob Graham .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Big Machine	Taylor Swift	She was working on her debut album when DreamWorks folded and Borchetta founded his own record company entitled Big Machine Records also the present-day record company for Taylor Swift as well as Trisha Yearwood .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	he	Editions Mego	In 2011 he began curating and art directing the Ideologic Organ record label in association with the Viennese Editions Mego .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Franklin Pierce	New Hampshire	In 2000 he earned a Juris Doctor degree from Franklin Pierce Law Center in Concord New Hampshire .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Topi	Albania	Topi 50 is an agriculture expert in Albania .
org:members(e2,e1)	Xavier College	Roman Catholic	Xavier College Preparatory High School is a private Roman Catholic Jesuit high school in Palm Desert California .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	England	Amir Khan	Bolton England -- boxing Amir Khan vs. Martin Kristjansen eliminator for WBO lightweight title .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Freddie Hubbard	Columbia	Skagly is a 1980 album by jazz musician Freddie Hubbard released on the Columbia label which features performances by Hubbard Hadley Caliman Billy Childs Phil Ranelin on all tracks except A Summer Knows with Paulinho da Costa guesting on two tracks and George Duke and Jeff Skunk Baxter guesting on one track .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Gayoom	Maldives	Therefore Gayoom was also the Commander-in-Chief of the Maldivian armed forces the Maldives National Defence Force .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	University of Potsdam	Germany	The IFUW created The Australia Award for Dr. Tania Peitzker's literary and cultural studies analysis of Cusack funded by the University of Potsdam Germany .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Willie Nelson	Island	Teatro is a studio album by Willie Nelson released in September 1998 via Island Records .
per:title(e2,e1)	actor	Heath Ledger	The New York City medical examiner's office has ruled that actor Heath Ledger died of an accidental overdose of prescription drugs .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Northern Arizona University	Flagstaff	Perry graduated with his BS in Biology and a minor in Chemistry from Northern Arizona University in Flagstaff Arizona in December 2008 .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Medical University	Kunming	Kunming Medical University previously known as Kunming Medical College is a specialist medical school located in Kunming City Yunnan Province China .
org:founded(e1,e2)	VMware	1998	None appears better positioned than VMware which was founded in 1998 by entrepreneur Diane Greene and her husband Stanford University associate professor Mendel Rosenblum .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	RCA	SWV	Many of these artists have since left RCA for a number of reasons such as SWV 's breakup and Tyrese's move to J Records .
per:cities_of_residence(e2,e1)	Hollywood	Orson	In the 1940s and 1950s the hotel attracted Hollywood movie stars such as Orson Welles Ava Gardner and John Wayne where many also discovered the local cocktail the Pisco Sour .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Kentucky Ramblers	Patsy Montana	He formed the group The Kentucky Ramblers in 1930 who changed their name to The Prairie Ramblers in 1933 and began broadcasting on Chicago radio station WLS-AM with new vocalist Patsy Montana .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Subaru	Japan	Fuji Heavy Industries which makes Subaru cars and Mitsubishi Motors Corp. plan to offer their electric vehicles in Japan next year .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	his	Ontario	During his career he lived in Barrie Ontario .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	Hudson	Zellers	Over the more than three centuries since it began as a fur trading business in the Canadian wilderness the Hudson 's Bay Company has grown into our nation's largest non-food retailer trough its chain of Bay and Zellers department stores .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Frank	Germany	After Hitler's accession to power in 1933 Frank became Nazi Germany 's chief jurist and Governor-General of occupied Poland's ' General Government ' territory .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Nicaragua	Daniel Ortega	Nicaragua suspends from today its diplomatic relations with the government of Israel President Daniel Ortega 's communications chief and the country's first lady Rosario Murillo said in a statement read on Radio Ya .
org:city_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Charlotte	Queens University of Charlotte	The Burwell School remained open for 20 years before they shifted their attention to founding a women's college in Charlotte North Carolina that evolved to become Queens University of Charlotte .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Switzerland	Richard Burton	The two had met before when he worked at a hotel in Lausanne Switzerland where actor Richard Burton would meet Taylor for trysts .
per:alternate_names(e2,e1)	Jim Brandon	Robert Conrad	Lead character Jim Brandon ( Robert Conrad ) a former player of the Chicago Bears .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Larry Craig	Idaho	_ Here's the latest _ ( http://www.idahostatesman.com/newsupdates/story/151260.html ) : The likelihood that U.S. Sen. Larry Craig would resign grew today as fellow Republicans all but abandoned their Idaho colleague and the prospect of a timely legal defense dimmed . . Right now it looks as though he will step down Sept. 30 said Craig spokesman Dan Whiting .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	Special Task Force	Sri Lanka Police	The Special Task Force ( STF ) ( Sinhala : Tamil : ) is an elite special forces unit of the Sri Lanka Police Service specializing in Counter-Terrorist and Counter-Insurgency operations .
per:alternate_names(e2,e1)	Mihail Mihailov	Misho Shamara	Mihail Mihailov born on December 27 1972 better known as Big Sha or by his previous name Misho Shamara is a Bulgarian rapper from Varna Bulgaria .
org:members(e1,e2)	Savannah State University	Tigers	No Team : 1916 1922 1924 1943 1945 On September 8 2011 Savannah State University was confirmed as a full member of the MEAC Conference making the Tigers eligible to participate in all conference championships and earn the conference's automatic berth to NCAA postseason competition in all sponsored sports .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Georgios Papadopoulos	Greece	On 1 June 1973 Constantine II was declared deposed and Georgios Papadopoulos became the self-appointed President of Greece .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Layzie Bone	Bone Thugs-n-Harmony	The song is performed by Krayzie Bone and Layzie Bone both of Bone Thugs-n-Harmony along with new members of the Mo Thugs collective Thug Queen and Powder and a chorus by Layzie Bone's wife Felecia .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Mahinda College	Galle	He studied at Mahinda College Galle .
per:alternate_names(e2,e1)	Barry Adrian Reese	Cassidy	The Barry Adrian Reese Story News Cassidy gets his B.A.R.S right is the third studio album by rapper Cassidy .
no_relation	Eisaku Sat?	d Japa	Eisaku Sat? ?was presented with the Nobel Peace Prize in 1974 in large part for his work towar d Japa n's entry into the NPT .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Armando Guebuza	Mozambique	Armando Guebuza was inaugurated as the President of Mozambique on February 2 2005 .
no_relation	Sunday	Berlusconi	The small parties ' gains in Sunday 's election for regional and local offices came at the expense of media magnate Berlusconi 's Forza Italia party .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Firth Park Community Arts College	Sheffield	Firth Park Community Arts College ( FPCAC ) is a comprehensive school located in the Shiregreen area of Sheffield England .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Kenya	Jomo Kenyatta	Paul Udoto a spokesman with the Kenya wildlife Service said sniffer dogs from the KWS inspection unit based at the Jomo Kenyatta International Airport detected the tusks .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Daniel Ortega	Nicaragua	Daniel Ortega was sworn in as president of Nicaragua on Wednesday .
per:title(e1,e2)	Mahathir bin Mohamad	Prime Minister	The Malay Dilemma is a controversial book written by Mahathir bin Mohamad in 1970 11 years before he became Malaysia's 4th Prime Minister .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Glykeria	Greece	Glykeria The Sweet one in Greek has been a successful female singer in Greece for many years .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Venezuela	she	Rodriguez who lives in Venezuela maintained that she had the right to decide what happened to Perez's body because while the two were separated they never legally divorced .
org:city_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	San Francisco	Levi Strauss Co.	In 2008 the San Francisco Business Times reported that Levi Strauss Co. may consider moving the headquarters out of San Francisco once the lease in Levi's Plaza expired on December 31 2012 .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Stephen Harper	Canada	Prime Minister Stephen Harper said Canada will only stay if NATO send more troops and Canadian soldiers are provided with more helicopters .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	CMT	Viacom	The network was called VH1 Country until Memorial Day Weekend 2006 ( launching in 1999 and predating the merger of CBS Cable networks TNN and CMT into Viacom ) complementing that network until Viacom shifted VH1 towards more pop culture programming while using the CMT brand for all of their country music programming .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Patrick Hillery	Ireland	A former Fianna cabinet minister and a political ally of Lynch Patrick Hillery was eventually nominated ( without election ) as successor and sixth President of Ireland .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Dark Tranquillity	Martin Henriksson	This is the first Dark Tranquillity release with Martin Henriksson becoming a full-time rhythm guitar player plus Michael Nicklasson Martin recording with the band .
org:city_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Bangalore	Indian Institute of Astrophysics	In 1977 many of the astronomers from Kodaikanal shifted to Bangalore and established the Indian Institute of Astrophysics .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Agriculture	Mike Johanns	U.S. President George W. Bush scheduled a personnel announcement Thursday morning in the White House Rose Garden amid indications that Agriculture Secretary Mike Johanns is stepping down .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Mahamakut Buddhist University	Thailand	Mahamakut Buddhist University or MBU ( ; ) is one of the two public Buddhist universities in Thailand .
no_relation	The Indianapolis Star	Indianapolis Journal	The Indianapolis Star was founded on June 6 1903 by Muncie industrialist George F. McCulloch as competition to two other Indianapolis dailies the Indianapolis Journal and the Indianapolis Sentinel .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Republika Srpska	Nikola	She lost the 1998 election to the joint candidate of the SDS and the Serbian Radical Party of the Republika Srpska Nikola .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Simmering-Graz-Pauker	Vienna	Becoming Hoffman Aircraft Limited in 1985 and a subsidiary of Simmering-Graz-Pauker AG the company moved its headquarters to Vienna Austria .
no_relation	Quebec	Lomer Gouin	The Quebec Liberal Party led by Lomer Gouin and Louis-Alexandre Taschereau was the governing party .
org:members(e1,e2)	RCA	SWV	In 1991 after being invited to sing live in front of RCA honchos SWV was signed to an eight album record deal .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Bridgepoint Capital	Bridgepoint	It is the third largest manufacturer of motorcaravans in Europe and has regional offices based in Germany Spain and the United Kingdom.SEA UK - European Motorhome Importer In 2004 it was subject to a management buyout financed by Bridgepoint Capital ; Bridgepoint | Press room and in 2005 it took over the British based Auto-Sleeper group .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	Delta Express	Delta	Delta Express was a no-frills airline within an airline brand owned and operated by Delta Air Lines from 1996 to 2003 .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Misbourne School	Buckinghamshire	The Misbourne School Great Missenden Buckinghamshire 2000 Be Your Best Bradford Rock Challenge Day OneSt George's Hall Bradford West Yorkshire .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	CHUM Limited	A-Channel	With the subsequent takeover of CHUM Limited in 2007 all three of the Craig Media's A-Channel stations were sold to Rogers Communications and are now owned by Rogers Media under the Citytv banner which is currently branded as City in late 2012 while the former NewNet stations along with most of CHUM Limited's former assets were sold to CTVglobemedia in 2007 which was subsequently sold to Bell Canada in 2011 and are now owned by Bell Media branded as CTV Two .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Montana	Montana Army National Guard	He returned to his adopted home state of Montana where he was appointed lieutenant colonel in the Montana Army National Guard .
org:top_members/employees(e1,e2)	Colorado Rapids	Gary Smith	The coach of the Colorado Rapids Gary Smith stated that physically and athletically he fits what we are after .
no_relation	Dion DiMucci	Bronx	Dion DiMucci covered this song on his 2006 Grammy-nominated album Bronx in Blue .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Daniel Ortega	Nicaragua	It was one of few paramilitary groups not to lay down their arms after the US-backedContras no longer fighting against Daniel Ortega 's government having replaced Sandinista's Junta of National Reconstruction in Nicaragua left Honduras .
per:alternate_names(e1,e2)	as Chu	or Jeo	In Korean the name is written ? and transliterated as Chu ng Jung or Jeo ng .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Taiwan	Chiang Ching-kuo	And although Christianity is a minority religion in Taiwan four of its five presidents since the ROC takeover have been Christian ( Chiang Kai-shek Chiang Ching-kuo and Ma Ying-Jiu and Lee Teng-hui ) .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	Samarco	BHP	Production was higher than the June 2009 quarter reflecting improved performance at Western Australia Iron Ore and all three pellet plants at Samarco ( Brazil ) operating since July 2009 BHP said in a statement .
no_relation	Stone Temple Pilots	Jason Michael Carroll	Since then several popular acts of all different musical genres and acts have made their way to the Rapids Theatre including Stone Temple Pilots Eric Church The Deftones The Used The Headstones Morrissey Chevelle Jason Michael Carroll George Clinton Parliament Funkadelic Snoop Dogg The Sheepdogs City and Colour Uncle Kracker Fran Cosmo The Band Perry Blue October Less Than Jake Roscoe Dash Xavier Rudd David Cook Josh Thompson Primus Five Finger Death Punch Big Sugar Kenny Wayne Shepherd Mac Miller Brantley Gilbert The English Beat Steel Panther Easton Corbin Brett Michaels Dropkick Murphys 30 Seconds to Mars Fall Out Boy and the longest-running Broadway production of Smokey Joe Cafe .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Rough Trade	their	After signing with Rough Trade Doherty and rented a flat together at 112a Teesdale Street in Bethnal Green which they named The Albion Rooms ( a venue that became a location for many of their Guerilla gigs ) .
per:spouse(e1,e2)	Henrietta Maria of France	Charles	She was born at the Palace of Whitehall in London where her mother was a Lady of the Bedchamber to Henrietta Maria of France wife of King Charles I of Scotland and of England .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Kallio	Finland	Kallio acted as Speaker of the Parliament of Finland until he become Minister in March 1925 .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	LPI	The Advocate	A SEC filing indicates that the agreement was completed in August 2008 with Here Media Inc. the new owner of LPI Specialty Publications and LPI 's book company Alyson Publications The Advocate the ( LGBT ) community's leading national news source since 1967 .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Marshall Aerospace	Cambridge Airport	Marshall Aerospace is at Cambridge Airport on the A1303 in the east of the town towards Teversham .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Birla Institute of Technology and Science	Pilani	The college is run by Sankara Nethralaya in collaboration with the Birla Institute of Technology and Science ( BITS ) Pilani .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Don Owen	Oregon	In 1944 Don Owen promoted several cards with women wrestlers until female wrestling was outlawed in Oregon ( as it would be until 1975 ) .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	Bell of Pennsylvania	it	In 1984 the Bell System Divestiture split Bell of Pennsylvania off into a Regional Bell Operating Company along with the 21 other BOCs it had a majority stake in .
per:title(e1,e2)	Jo Grimond	Leader	He became Liberal Chief Whip in November 1956 after his predecessor Jo Grimond was elected Leader of the party .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Malaysia	Malaysian Indian Congress	To reflect the change of name to Malaysia UMNO's coalition partners promptly altered their names to the Malaysian Chinese Association and the Malaysian Indian Congress .
no_relation	Gerhard Richter	Dresden	The Gerhard Richter Archive was established in cooperation with the artist in 2005 as an institute of the Staatliche Kunstsammlungen Dresden .
no_relation	Jacques Brautbar	Phantom Planet	Tracks from the album co-produced and co-written by Jacques Brautbar and Sam Farrar ( formerly of Phantom Planet ) has achieved sync success on several television shows including The Good Wife and ad campaigns including Nissan Apple JC Penney and Macy's .
no_relation	Errol Flynn	Lili Damita	Lady Baillie was a lover of the cinema and her guest list during that decade included the film stars Douglas Fairbanks senior and junior Fredric March Charlie Chaplin Errol Flynn Lili Damita Robert Taylor James Stewart and Gertrude Lawrence .
per:spouse(e2,e1)	Edward Fox	Joanna David	He is the son of actor Edward Fox and his second wife actress Joanna David .
per:spouse(e2,e1)	Gene Wilder	Gilda Radner	Richards has been a long-time supporter of Gilda's Club a support organization for cancer survivors founded by Gene Wilder the husband of comedienne Gilda Radner .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Canada	Stephen Harper	Canada 's acting head of state Michaelle Jean on Thursday suspended parliament blocking an opposition bid to oust newly - relected Prime Minister Stephen Harper the government leader said .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Australia	his	The single was released on 28 July 2007 in Australia set by his record label Sony BMG Australia .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	California National Guard	California	There are five ( 5 ) distinct components to the California Military Department according to CA Military Veteran's Code 51 : The Military Department includes the office of the Adjutant General the California National Guard the State Military Reserve the California Cadet Corps and the Naval Militia .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Niagara Falls High School	USA	Former Niagara Falls High School is a historic high school located at Niagara Falls in Niagara County New York USA .
org:alternate_names(e2,e1)	Asianet	Indiavision	Some of the popular Malayalam television channels are Asianet Surya TV Kiran TV Mazhavil Manorama Manorama News Indiavision Kairali TV Kairali WE Kairali People Yes Indiavision Asianet News Asianet Plus Asianet Movies Amrita TV Reporter Jaihind Jeevan TV Mathrubhumi News Kaumudi Shalom TV Powervision Goodness Athmeyayathra and Media One TV .
no_relation	George Washington	Continental Army	Gustavus Richard Brown ( October 17 1747 September 30 1804Ridgely pp 63-64 ) was a lifelong friend of George Washington a physician helped found the hospital department of the Continental Army and a botanist .
no_relation	Buckinghamshire	Stowe School	He was elected as a Conservative member of Buckinghamshire County Council from 1977 to 1985 and became a governor of Stowe School .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Emily Carr University of Art and Design	British Columbia	As from fall 2010 she teaches part time at Emily Carr University of Art and Design in Vancouver British Columbia Canada .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Australia	Optus	In Australia the weaker Australian dollar also impacted SingTel's earnings at the group level even though Optus delivered a 6.8 percent jump in operating revenues from a year ago .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Stanford University	Daphne Koller	He earned his BS and PhD from Stanford University under the supervision of Daphne Koller .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Sadeq Chubak	Bushehr	Sadeq Chubak and Najaf Daryabandari are among the most prominent writers in literature of Bushehr .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Tommy Thompson	Wisconsin	The Republican Forum held in St. Paul Minnesota was moderated by Lesley Stahl of CBS Sixty Minutes and featured former presidential candidate Gov. Mike Huckabee of Arkansas and Tommy Thompson former governor of Wisconsin and past Secretary of Health and Human Services .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	he	Belize	In 2008 at the age of 71 and with the fall from power of his ally Musa in the election that year he decided it was time to retire and return to Belize .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Vietnam	Ho Chi Minh	In the first eight months of this year Vietnam 's southern Ho Chi Minh City is expected to receive around 1.93 million foreign visitors a rise of 14 percent year-on-year according to the report .
per:title(e2,e1)	Prime Minister	Shimon Peres	Outraged parents of the victims unsuccessfully lobbied Prime Minister Shimon Peres to fire Peretz .
org:founded(e2,e1)	1978	Greens	It was founded in 1978 and became the official West Berlin branch of The Greens in 1980 .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	de Oliveira Salazar	Portugal	The fascist state corporatism influenced the governments and economies of a number of Roman Catholic countries such as the government of Engelbert Dollfuss in Austria and de Oliveira Salazar in Portugal but also Konstantin and Karlis Ulmanis in non-Catholic Estonia and Latvia .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Venezuela	Juan Vicente	He returned to Venezuela in 1908 after the military coup of Juan Vicente that overthrew his enemy Cipriano Castro .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Pakistan	Shaukat Aziz	A petition was filed in Pakistan 's Supreme Court on Monday against 481 persons including former President Pervez Musharraf and former Prime Minister Shaukat Aziz local TV channel reported .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Ontario University Athletics	Guelph Gryphons	The university is represented in the Ontario University Athletics and the Canadian Interuniversity Sport by the Guelph Gryphons .
org:members(e2,e1)	Argentina	Fed Cup	As of 26 April 2010 she is ranked World No. 346 in singlesSony Ericsson WTA Tour : Singles Rankings ( 26 April 2010 ) and No. 469 in doubles.Sony Ericsson WTA Tour : Doubles Rankings ( 26 April 2010 ) She has enjoyed the success at the ITF Women's Circuit winning nine singles and seven doubles titles and made her debut for Argentina Fed Cup team in the 2010 Fed Cup World Group II scoring a doubles win against Estonia .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	Socialism	Socialist Party of Canada	'' Western Socialist Journal of Scientific Socialism in the Western Hemisphere '' was a regular publication of the Socialist Party of Canada ( WSM ) begun in 1933 becoming a joint publication with the World Socialist Party of the United States in 1939 before reverting to the Socialist Party of Canada in the mid-1970s before ceasing publication in 1980 .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Linfield College	Oregon	Pioneer Hall is the oldest building at Linfield College in McMinnville Oregon United States .
per:title(e2,e1)	President	Laurent Gbagbo	Ivory Coast's protracted political crisis received a boost in March when former foes President Laurent Gbagbo and ex-rebel leader Guillaume Soro signed a new peace deal brokered by neighbouring Burkina Faso .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Albania	Bamir Topi	Albania ' s new president Bamir Topi to be sworn in .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Greece	Karolos Papoulias	In a return visit the President of Greece Karolos Papoulias came to Iceland in early July 2006 and met with the President of Iceland Ragnar .
per:alternate_names(e1,e2)	Manuel Trucco	Franzani	Manuel Trucco Franzani ( March 18 1875 October 25 1954 ) was a Chilean politician and provisional vice president of Chile in 1931 .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Mastodon	Bill Kelliher	Mastodon was formed on January 13 2000 after drummer Brann Dailor and guitarist Bill Kelliher had moved to Atlanta from Victor New York and met bassist/singer Troy Sanders and guitarist/singer Brent Hinds at a High on Fire show .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Sebastian	Ed Banger Records	Unkle began touring the UK with Zoot Woman and Sebastian and Mr. Flash from the French electro record Ed Banger Records .
no_relation	Germany	UTC	FRANKFURT Germany 2010-11-18 16:28:10 UTC .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Ohio	University of Cincinnati College of Law	He went on to practice law in Cincinnati Ohio and served on the faculty of the University of Cincinnati College of Law .
per:cities_of_residence(e2,e1)	Albuquerque	Domenici	He does extraordinary things for this state said Kate Nelson managing editor of The Albuquerque Tribune and a political commentator who dubbed Domenici a Republican St. Pete in recognition of the federal benefits he shipped west leavened with a bit of sass for the outsized reverence in which he is held at home .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Finland	Patria	Finland has told Slovenia it can not intervene in a probe into whether Finnish defence firm Patria paid bribes to Slovenia's prime minister to win a contract after Ljubljana urged Helsinki to act .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Australia	Anthony Mason	Former Chief Justice of Australia Sir Anthony Mason has written : The combination of literal interpretation and a broad construction of Commonwealth powers led to the Commonwealth assuming a dominant position in the Australian federation vis-a-vis the states .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Health	Chua Soi Lek	Health Minister Chua Soi Lek quoted by the national news agency Bernama late Saturday said his ministry was considering the proposal because studies have shown that public demand for cigarettes falls whenever prices rise .
org:top_members/employees(e2,e1)	Robert White	company	After investigations for fraudulent representations and practicing medicine without a license plus the death of co-owner William Penn Patrick and the resignation of President Robert White the company ceased operating in December 1973 .
per:alternate_names(e1,e2)	Bermudez	Dancing Wolf	Making his professional debut in 1992 Bermudez began wrestling for Angelo Savoldi's International World Class Championship Wrestling as Dancing Wolf of the Sioux War Party with White Cloud and within months of their debut defeated The Canadians in a tournament final to win the vacant IWCCW Tag Team Championship in Hamburg Pennsylvania on May 9 1992 .
per:title(e2,e1)	President	Alan	Execution is carried out by a firing squad and is permitted for six specific crimes ( if committed during wartime ) : In early 2007 President Alan proposed that the death penalty be restored for ordinary crimes but the bill was rejected .
org:alternate_names(e2,e1)	Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Philadelphia	school	On January 28 2008 the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Philadelphia announced the school will move following the 2012 graduation pending funding .
org:city_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Dundee	University of Abertay Dundee	Dundee has two universities the University of Dundee and the University of Abertay Dundee .
org:members(e2,e1)	VMI	Board of Visitors	Following the war David Hunter Strother who was chief of staff to General Hunter and had advised the destruction of the Institute served as Adjutant General of the Virginia Militia and member of the VMI Board of Visitors ; in that position he promoted and worked actively for the reconstruction .
org:members(e1,e2)	Army	27th Division	Marine General Smith contended that under Army General Smith the 27th Division had failed to attack on time costing vital Marine lives to save the island .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	Michael McDermott	Chicago	Michael McDermott a Chicago boy who was also influenced by Bruce but has his own unique sound and all of his records are good to great .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Craft	United States	Craft is an award-winning conductor who has led most of the major orchestras in the United States : ( New York Philadelphia Chicago Cleveland San Francisco Los Angeles St. Louis and Minneapolis ) as well as international engagements in Canada Europe Russia Japan Korea Mexico South America Australia and New Zealand .
org:members(e2,e1)	Delta Air Lines	SkyTeam	With the mentoring of Delta Air Lines the company signed an agreement to begin the process of joining SkyTeam in late .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Public Enlightenment and Propaganda	Joseph Goebbels	The facilities and staff of the agency were incorporated into the new Ministry of Public Enlightenment and Propaganda headed by Dr. Joseph Goebbels and responsible for enforcing Nazi doctrine on the people and controlling public opinion .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Kosovo	Bajram Rexhepi	Kosovo Interior Minister Bajram Rexhepi said that a probe by the EU mission in Kosovo EULEX and local judicial authorities was continuing intensively Kosovo television said .
no_relation	Google	2006	Karim left YouTube before Google bought it in 2006 .
org:members(e2,e1)	Duke University	NCAA	The 2012 13 Duke Blue Devils men's basketball team represented Duke University in the 2012 13 NCAA Division I men's basketball season .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Russ Feingold	Wisconsin	Democrats Russ Feingold of Wisconsin and Ben Nelson of Nebraska opposed the proposal .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	CDU	Angela Merkel	Many commentators expected the Christian Democrats to win a clear electoral victory and that CDU leader Angela Merkel would become Chancellor forming a government with the Free Democratic Party ( FDP ) and displacing the governing SPD-Green coalition .
per:title(e2,e1)	actor	Jeff Bridges	We 're pretty sure that Mercedes BMW and Lexus are n't going to like it very much the voiceover by actor Jeff Bridges intones .
per:country_of_birth(e2,e1)	United States	George Washington	Bred in the United States by Gretchen and Roy Jackson owners of 2006 Kentucky Derby winner Barbaro George Washington had a stellar season to be the top 3-year-old in 2006 .
per:origin(e2,e1)	American	Charles Addams	The Addams Family is an American television series based on the characters in Charles Addams ' New Yorker cartoons .
per:title(e1,e2)	his	Minister	On Friday Villepin denied he had ordered a secret enquiry into his political rival Interior Minister Nicolas Sarkozy the target of bogus allegations of corruption .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Ericsson	Sweden	The phone and the software was developed at Ericsson 's lab in Kista Sweden .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Entertainment Software Rating Board	United States	In June Take Two Interactive Inc. suspended plans to distribute the game -- because it was rejected by the Entertainment Software Rating Board in the United States and by regulators in Europe -- but finally agreed two months later to release the revised version .
no_relation	California	Richard Nixon	California narrowly voted for the Republican nominee former Vice President Richard Nixon over the Democratic nominee Vice President Hubert Humphrey .
org:founded_by(e1,e2)	Sugababes	Mutya Buena	The Sugababes are a British pop girl group based in London formed in 1998 by founding members Donaghy Mutya Buena and Keisha Buchanan .
per:country_of_birth(e1,e2)	Annie	Norway	In the late 1990s Annie held a monthly DJ night called Pop Till You Drop with friend Blytt in her hometown of Bergen Norway .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Sharif	Pakistan	Even before Sharif 's plane landed on the Islamabad airport today at 08:15 am ( Pakistan Time ) the anti Sharif group started talking about the violation of accords said to be he has entered with the self imposed ruler of Pakistan by ousting the elected Prime Minister of the country .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	Mount Allison University	Mount Allison Mounties	In September 2002 he enrolled at Mount Allison University studying English while playing for both the Mount Allison Mounties football and basketball teams .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Kiss	Mark St. John	The clip would be the first with Kiss guitarist Bruce Kulick who replaced the departed Mark St. John earlier in 1984 .
per:origin(e1,e2)	Athol Fugard	South African	In writing this two-man homage to his mentor Andre Huguenet the famed playwright Athol Fugard takes us back to when he was dresser to the acclaimed South African actor .
org:alternate_names(e2,e1)	Cougars	University of Houston	The 2001 Houston Cougars football team also known as the Houston Cougars Houston or UH represented the University of Houston in the 2001 NCAA Division I-A football season .
no_relation	de Policiais Especiais	Rio de Janeiro	The GMT400 is used by Brazilian elite police units such as the BOPE ( de Policiais Especiais ) in Rio de Janeiro and the ROTA ( Rondas Ostensivas Tobias de Aguiar ) and GATE ( Grupo de Taticas Especiais ) in Paulo .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Oscar Temaru	French Polynesia	Oscar Temaru however had no stable majority in the Assembly of French Polynesia and new territorial elections were held in February 2008 to solve the political crisis .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	Empire of Japan	Imperial Japanese Navy	It is perhaps best known as a term used during World War II by the military of the Empire of Japan for Imperial Japanese Army Air Force ( IJAAF ) and Imperial Japanese Navy Air Service ( IJNAS ) military aviation units equivalent to a group or wing in other air forces .
no_relation	Revolutionary	John Adams	Both will don Revolutionary garb for HBO's miniseries John Adams with Wilkinson as Ben Franklin and Linney as Abigail Adams .
org:top_members/employees(e2,e1)	Jonathan Morduch	Initiative	Led by Managing Director Jonathan Morduch ( NYU ) Dean Karlan ( Yale ) Sendhil Mullainathan ( Harvard ) the Initiative seeks to provide rigorous research on the impacts of financial access and on innovative ways to improve access .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Ma Ying-jeou	Kuomintang	The leader of Taiwan's main opposition party Ma Ying-jeou has resigned from his post of Chairman of the Kuomintang ( KMT ) after he was indicted on charges of corruption .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Nigeria	Ibrahim Babangida	A trip to Guinea by Nigeria 's former military ruler Ibrahim Babangida as regional mediator was cancelled Friday because Guinean authorities had not approved it an official said .
org:founded_by(e1,e2)	Kent and Sussex Courier	Kent	Chantler started his career in local newspapers in Kent ( Kent and Sussex Courier Kent Messenger Kent Evening Post ) before joining Invicta Radio as a journalist and news presenter in 1984 .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Joseph Cook	New South Wales	By 1891 six years after their marriage and emigration to Australia the couple had three small sons and Joseph Cook had a seat in the New South Wales parliament .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Frank Knox	Navy	A close friend of Frank Knox Secretary of the Navy later said that Knox Stark and Marshall spent most of that night with Roosevelt in the White House waiting for the bombing to begin so they could enter the war .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Brett Gurewitz	Bad Religion	It was produced by Brett Gurewitz of Bad Religion fame and Ken Casey of the Dropkick Murphys .
per:origin(e1,e2)	Aram Khachaturian	Armenian	Aram Khachaturian was born in Tiflis Russian Empire ( now Tbilisi Georgia ) to a poor Armenian family .
no_relation	World Club Challenge	England	The season commenced with the World Club Challenge in England in February and concluded with the Tri-Nations final in Australia in November .
no_relation	Louis the Pious	Lothair I.	A very famous bishop is St. Donatus an Irish monk the friend and adviser of Emperors Louis the Pious and Lothair I. He was elected in 826 and is buried in the cathedral where his epitaph dictated by himself may still be seen .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	Nickelodeon	Viacom	Nickelodeon took over the frequencies of music channel MTV2 Pop which was one of four channels that were operated by Viacom in Germany .
per:cities_of_residence(e2,e1)	Paris	Jacques Chirac	Hu is visiting Paris ' Arc de Triomphe on Friday and meeting with Prime Minister Francois Fillon and former President Jacques Chirac .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	Takeru Kobayashi	Nagano	This year was another heartbreaker for longtime champion Takeru Kobayashi of Nagano Japan .
no_relation	Keio	1	Keio was ranked No. 1 in Japan by Nikkei Shimbun.ICS IN THE NEWS | Hitotsubashi ICS Eduniversal also ranked Keio as top in Japan ( 75th in the world ) .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	He	Rhythm Devils	He was also a member of the Rhythm Devils in 2006 a supergroup formed by Grateful Dead drummers Bill Kreutzmann and Mickey Hart also featuring Mike Gordon of Phish .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Ryanair	Dublin	Ryanair said these new flights were included in the airline's claim of an overall cut of 19 percent of flights at Dublin in the April-September period .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Perse School for Girls	Cambridge	Butler-Henderson grew up on the family farm and was educated at the independent Perse School for Girls in Cambridge .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	Chrysler	Division	Chrysler 's Huntsville operation then designated the Space Division became Marshall Space Flight Center prime contractor for the first stage of the Saturn I and Saturn IB versions .
no_relation	John McEwen	Country	On two occasions ( involving Earle Page in 1939 and John McEwen ) from December 1967 - January 1968 the leader of the National Party ( then known as the Country Party ) became the Prime Minister temporarily upon the death of the incumbent P.M. Sir Arthur Fadden was the only other Country Party P.M .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Johannes Rau	Chancellor	President Johannes Rau indicated Sunday he may seek a second term in his role and won backing from Chancellor Gerhard Schroeder despite calls for Germany to follow Ireland and Finland and give the high - profile position to a woman for the first time .
no_relation	Orson	Mercury	MOVIES-REV-ORSON -- Me and Orson Welles ( PG-13 ) Based in real theatrical history ME AND ORSON WELLES is a romantic coming-of-age story about a teenage actor who lucks into a role in Julius Caesar as it's being re-imagined by a brilliant impetuous young director named Orson Welles at his newly founded Mercury Theatre in NYC 1937 .
org:alternate_names(e1,e2)	Oklahoma State Cowboys	Oklahoma State University	The 1988 Oklahoma State Cowboys football team represented the Oklahoma State University in the 1988 NCAA Division I-A college football season .
no_relation	2006	Ministry of National Development	On 1 August 2006 Fu was appointed a Minister of State at the for Ministry of National Development On 1 April 2008 Fu was promoted to Senior Minister of State at the Ministry of Education and the Ministry of National Development .
per:country_of_birth(e2,e1)	Canada	Sir John	The original name of the peak was Mount Carroll but was renamed to honour the first Prime Minister of Canada Sir John A. Macdonald .
no_relation	1929	Fenwick High School	By 1929 Oak Park had one of Chicagoland's top-ranking preparatory schools within its village Fenwick High School ( Oak Park Illinois ) and the village ruled in favor of each school within Oak Park to individually oversee all of their students ' secret societies rather than implement a general regulatory system across the board .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Australia	John Curtin	The Curtin Government refers to the federal Executive Government of Australia led by Prime Minister John Curtin .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	Bank	NBG	The NBG took over also the affiliated South African Bank of Athens ( est. 1947 ) which NBG still owns .
org:members(e2,e1)	Northwestern Wildcats	Division I	The 2011 Northwestern Wildcats football team represented Northwestern University during the 2011 NCAA Division I FBS football season .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Thailand	Surayud Chulanont	Kuala Lumpur Aug 22 ( Prensa Latina ) Thailand Prime Minister Surayud Chulanont who concluded his visit to Malaysia Wednesday agreed with his host Abdullah Ahmad Badawi to implement a bilateral economic-social cooperation program in southern Thailand .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	The Academy Is . .	William Beckett	Following writing sessions in January 2009 Lovato began recording and writing songs with Jon McLaughlin and The Academy Is . . lead singer William Beckett in April right after shooting of the first season of Sonny with a Chance had wrapped up .
per:country_of_birth(e1,e2)	Oramas	Cuba	Oramas was born on June 4 1911 in eastern Cuba where he lived for years in Holguin province .
per:spouse(e2,e1)	Henry	Catherine of Aragon	The authority for the pope to exempt an individual or situation from a law stems from his position as the Vicar of Christ which implies divine authority and knowledge as well as jurisdiction.CATHOLIC ENCYCLOPEDIA : Dispensation The first marriage of Henry VIII of England to Catherine of Aragon required a papal dispensation as it breached canon law on Affinity because she was the widow of Henry's elder brother Arthur Prince of Wales .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	NHK	Japan	Kyodo News agency NHK report Japan to propose cutting global greenhouse gas emissions in half by 2050 .
per:title(e2,e1)	teacher	Christa McAuliffe	The shuttle is carrying a crew of seven astronauts including Barbara Morgan the first teacher in space 21 years after the Challenger explosion in 1986 killed fellow educator Christa McAuliffe and six astronauts .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	e Gheorghe Gheorghiu-De	f Romani	Toward the end of the 1932 the Communists were able to create a red union ( as opposed to the social-democratic unions that existed throughout the company ) led by Panait Bog?toiu and Constantin Doncea whil e Gheorghe Gheorghiu-De j ( who later became the leader of People's Republic o f Romani a ) was coordinating the connection to the Communist Party .
org:top_members/employees(e1,e2)	Berkshire Hathaway	Warren Buffett	Over the past several years he has given a blindfolded simultaneous exhibition for all-comers at the annual Berkshire Hathaway shareholder meeting in Omaha Nebraska headed by CEO Warren Buffett and Vice-Chairman Charlie Munger .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	South Africa	Prince Arthur of Connaught	In 1923 Athlone was appointed by the King as both a major-general ( despite his retirement from the army ) and the Governor-General of the Union of South Africa replacing his wife's cousin Prince Arthur of Connaught .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Jim Whitaker	Fairbanks North Star Borough	Her ability to connect with people is one of the most amazing things I 've ever seen said Jim Whitaker the Republican mayor of the Fairbanks North Star Borough who is backing Barack Obama for president .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	Spectrum	United Cable	Among the stations that transmitted ONTV programs were : ONTV began broadcasting in Chicago in 1980 airing on Channel 44 WSNS and competing directly with the similar Spectrum service which was owned by United Cable .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Mike Johanns	Nebraska	Other Republicans on the panel supporting Bernanke were : Robert Bennett of Utah Bob Corker of Tennessee and Mike Johanns of Nebraska .
per:spouse(e1,e2)	She	Johnny Cash	She also found limited amounts of fame with the song It Takes One to Know Me which was released on the albums Johnny Cash : The Legend and Johnny Cash and June Carter Cash : Duets .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Suharto	Indonesia	ICMI was criticized as being a lobby group used by Suharto 's unpopular regime to shore-up political support from Indonesia Muslims .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	University of the West Indies	Mona	Born in Jamaica Dr. Cooper currently heads the department of Literary and Cultural Studies at the University of the West Indies Mona Jamaica .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Bates College	Maine	A growing number of colleges and universities like Bates College in Maine Lawerence University in Wisconsin Wake Forest University in North Carolina and Smith College in Massachusetts have made the SAT and ACT optional .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Niger	Seyni Oumarou	LOME -- Niger 's Prime Minister Seyni Oumarou met his country's major rice importers in the capital city of Niamey Wednesday to explore ways to control the surging rice prices .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Alliance Atlantis	Toronto	Alliance Atlantis based in Toronto is in a dispute with Canada's broadcast regulator over the true nature of CSI : NY which is being broadcast two or three times a day on History Television a cable channel also owned by Alliance Atlantis .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Staff	Alexander Haig	According to Bob Woodward Nixon Chief of Staff Alexander Haig proposed a pardon deal to Ford .
per:title(e2,e1)	host	Cat Deeley	Hitlist UK had no regular host ; it was presented by different VJs including Paul King Simone Angel Carolyn Lilipaly Cat Deeley Edith Bowman and Lisa I ' Anson .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Rafael Correa	Ecuador	The foreign policy of Rafael Correa is the policy initiatives towards other states by the current President of Ecuador as differed to past or future Ecuadorian foreign policy .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	McConnell	Kentucky	Next McConnell has to face his constituents who are organizing major rallies across Kentucky next Monday and Tuesday calling on him to stop obstructing redeployment out of Iraq .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Madras Christian College	Chennai	M C C Higher Secondary School ( full name : Madras Christian College Higher Secondary School ) is located in Chetpet Chennai Tamil Nadu India .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Bueno	Argentina	After five years without success in Bueno 's father decided to try to launch his son's career as a soloist in Buenos Aires Argentina .
org:members(e1,e2)	Churchill Cup	Ireland	England Saxons defeated Scotland A 18-3 at Twickenham on Monday and advanced to the Churchill Cup rugby final against either defending champion New Zealand Maori or Ireland A .
org:top_members/employees(e2,e1)	Junior Campbell	Marmalade	Junior Campbell from the sixties band The Marmalade and who also wrote the music for Thomas the Tank Engine lived in nearby Springboig but ran his schoolboy paper round from the Glasgow Evening Times/Citizen van drop at the infamous Cranhill Water Tower .
per:title(e2,e1)	guitarist	Scotty Moore	In 1952 Black began playing club and radio shows with guitarist Scotty Moore .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	Building Society	Norwich and Peterborough Building Society	Chelsea today is part of the Yorkshire Building Society Group which comprises ; Yorkshire Building Society Norwich and Peterborough Building Society Barnsley Building Society Accord Mortgages and Egg Banking .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	the Broadway	New York	Eileen McKenney an executive assistant to Walt Disney and the inspiration for the play's title character and her husband novelist and screenwriter Nathanael West were killed in an automobile accident in El Centro California four days before the Broadway opening ( they were driving to the Los Angeles Airport to board a plane for New York to attend the play's premiere ) .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Slovakia	Michal	Fegyveres was an ex-secret agent who gave testimony in the case of kidnapping of the son of the President of Slovakia Michal ?Jr. into Austria .
org:alternate_names(e1,e2)	Boise State University	Boise	Boise State University was founded in 1932 as Boise Junior College by the Episcopal Church .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	University of Leicester	UK	Eric Dunning is Emeritus Professor of sociology at the University of Leicester UK .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Marshall Islands	Litokwa Tomeing	We 're not immune Reed said after briefing Marshall Islands President Litokwa Tomeing in the Marshall Islands capital Majuro .
per:country_of_birth(e1,e2)	Giorgio Napolitano	Italy	Giorgio Napolitano was born in Naples Italy .
no_relation	Nick Rhodes	Duran Duran	It was produced by Nick Rhodes of Duran Duran and Colin Thurston who was Duran Duran's producer at the time except for track # 5 the self-titled Kajagoogoo an instrumental ( with some lyrics sung only in live performances ) which was produced by Tim Palmer and the band .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Speakeasy	Washington	Speakeasy Inc. is a broadband internet service provider and Voice over IP carrier based in Seattle Washington United States .
per:alternate_names(e1,e2)	Lloyd Erskine Sandiford	Sir	Hon. Lloyd Erskine Sandiford ( later Sir Lloyd ) .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Michael Kiske	Helloween	Also Ky Kiske is a reference to Kai Hansen and Michael Kiske both ex-vocals from Helloween .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Health and Human Services	Tommy Thompson	Former Health and Human Services Secretary Tommy Thompson alone has worked for 42 different companies according to a study by Citizens for Responsibility and Ethics in Washington ( CREW ) .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Airdrie	Scotland	Grant was born on the 26th April 1978 in Bellshill Hospital near Airdrie Scotland to Ruby Lochridge ( Gemmell ) and William Harrold ( great great grandson of Alexander Lindsay and great grandson of John Lindsay two of the founders of the Barrhead Scottish Co-operative Wholesale Society which was the first such society in Scotland ) .
per:spouse(e2,e1)	Rachel Yanait	Yitzhak Ben-Zvi	The village was established after the foundation of a learning farm by Rachel Yanait Ben-Zvi ( wife of President Yitzhak Ben-Zvi ) in 1952 .
no_relation	Crimson Tide	University of Alabama	The Alabama Crimson Tide Women's Soccer Team is an intercollegiate varsity team representing the University of Alabama .
org:city_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Syracuse	Le Moyne College	BKC-LEMOYNE ( Syracuse N.Y. ) -- On Nov. 3 Le Moyne College pulled off perhaps the most stunning upset of the college basketball season .
no_relation	DR2	lecturer	Gitte starred as a personal trainer for DR2 runners who ran the New York Marathon in Tema Saturday in November 2006 ; She is a physiotherapist by Team Denmark in Aarhus and lecturer in business / sports clubs etc .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Democrat	Alan J. Dixon	Democrat Alan J. Dixon won the open seat .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	Seoul	National University	Seoul National University .
org:top_members/employees(e1,e2)	Ozzy Osbourne	Black Sabbath	As a solo artist Ozzy Osbourne has sold over 55 million albums worldwide and over 100 million worldwide when including his work with Black Sabbath .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Mesa High School	Arizona	He attended Mesa High School in Arizona but did not graduate .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Mikheil Saakashvili	Georgia	President Mikheil Saakashvili said a state of emergency will remain in place in Georgia as long as his government deems necessary defying Western calls for emergency rule to be lifted immediately .
org:founded(e1,e2)	Brotherhood of Locomotive Engineers	1863	The first railroad labor union in the U.S. The Brotherhood of the Footboard ( later renamed the Brotherhood of Locomotive Engineers ) was formed in Marshall Michigan back in 1863 .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	V2 Records	band	The prize was a recording contract with V2 Records with which the band finally signed a one-album recording contract and an appearance on the local music magazine Rock Roll .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Ohio	Northwest High School	Steve Free was born near Portsmouth Ohio on September 16 1950 When he was 3 he moved to Tucson AZ for a short time and before returning to Ohio at age 9 where he graduated from Northwest High School Scioto Co Ohio in 1968 .
per:title(e2,e1)	Chancellor	Angela Merkel	Group of Eight leaders reached a lot of mutual understanding on sustaining the global economy in summit talks here German Chancellor Angela Merkel said Friday .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Vietnam	Ho Chi Minh	However after the Japanese withdrew from Vietnam Ho Chi Minh proclaimed the establishment of the Democratic Republic of Vietnam in Ba Square .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Quanta Computer	Taiwan	Taoyuan County Magistrate Li-lun Chu was joined by executives of Chunghwa Telecom Co. Quanta Computer Inc. Hewlett Packard Co. and Microsoft Taiwan Corp. at the celebration of the county's emergence from among 400 candidate cities around the world to win the rare honor .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Northwestern State University	Natchitoches	Rene Joseph Bienvenu Jr. ( March 19 1923 January 27 1983 ) was an American scientist and academic who wound up his career from 1977-1982 as the president of Northwestern State University in Natchitoches Louisiana .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	She	Frederick County	She retired in 2011 after serving three terms in the Maryland House of Delegates representing Maryland's District 3A in Frederick County .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Stax	Rufus Thomas	Jones's first entry into professional music came at age sixteen when he played baritone saxophone on Satellite ( soon to be Stax ) Records ' first hit Cause I Love You by Rufus Thomas and Carla Thomas .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Griffin	England	Griffin was bidding for a seat in northwest England and as he arrived for the count in Manchester late Sunday several dozen protesters holding placards proclaiming them as a Nazi party tried to stop him entering the building .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Quinebaug Valley Community College	Danielson	He had a one-person show at Quinebaug Valley Community College in Danielson Ct .
no_relation	general	TSSA-sponsored	When George Isaacs ( aged 76 ) announced his decision not to stand for re-election in the strongly Labour constituency of Southwark in South London Gunter secured the nomination in time for the 1959 general election and duly returned to the Commons as a TSSA-sponsored Member of Parliament with a majority of .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	George Washington	Continental Army	George Washington ( February 22 1732 ) - Known as the father of the United States Washington led the U.S. Continental Army to victory over Great Britain in the Revolutionary War .
org:top_members/employees(e1,e2)	Plaid Cymru	Ieuan Wyn Jones	Former UK Independence Party leader Nigel Farage said there was not a single memorable phrase in the entire debate and Plaid Cymru leader Ieuan Wyn Jones said : In what was a very sterile debate not once did we hear the word Wales mentioned by any of the leaders .
no_relation	Joe Smith	Supermarine	Although R. J. Mitchell is justifiably known as the engineer who designed the Spitfire his premature death in 1937 meant that all development after that date was undertaken by a team led by his chief draughtsman Joe Smith who became Supermarine 's chief designer on Mitchell's death .
org:alternate_names(e2,e1)	California State University	CSUSB	The California State University San Bernardino ( CSUSB ) College of Education seeks to attract and serve a student population reflective of California's diversity through programs curricula instructional practices and a more diverse professoriate all of which meet rigorous standards of excellence .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Eddie	Untouchables Entertainment	In the late 1980s Eddie created Untouchables Entertainment in order to bolster the careers of promising young producers writers and artists .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Ryti	Finland	Ryti 's government must also be credited for the fact that Finland remained a genuine democracy unlike any other continental European country that participated in World War II .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Antoinette Spaak	Belgium	Another noted members of his family included Paul Henri's daughter Antoinette Spaak the first Belgian woman to lead a political party his uncle Paul-Emile Janson who served as Prime Minister of Belgium from 1937 to 1938 and his niece Catherine Spaak a movie star .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	Thanom	Bangkok	In October 1976 Thanom returned to Thailand in the robes of a novice monk to stay at Bangkok 's Wat Bowonniwet .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	George Martin	EMI	George Martin joined EMI in 1950 as assistant label manager taking over as manager in 1955 .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Excelsior Recordings	Caesar	In the 90s indie rock band Bettie Serveert was formed and independent record label Excelsior Recordings released albums of Dutch indie rock bands like Caesar Ghost Trucker Alamo Race Track Johan Spinvis Gem Bauer Daryll-Ann zZz and many others .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	his	bo	From the early 1960s he spent much of his life on the Swedish island of bo where he made several films .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Indonesia	Suharto	Government leaders pay tribute to Indonesia former dictator Suharto .
per:spouse(e1,e2)	Sun	Soong Ching-ling	Sun 's widow Soong Ching-ling sided with the Communists during the Chinese Civil War and served from 1949 to 1981 as Vice President ( or Vice Chairwoman ) of the People's Republic of China and as Honorary President shortly before her demise in 1981 .
no_relation	power	2005	Taiwan's total electric power generation reached 235.93 billion kilowatt-hours in 2006 up 3.4 percent from the 2005 level while the nation's electrical consumption amounted to 221.37 billion kilowatts-hour an increase of 3.43 percent year-on-year the Energy Bureau under the Ministry of Economic Affairs said Sunday .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Canada	TransAlta	Among the most notable polluters in Canada in 2006 were electric power generators : ATCO Emera ( Nova Scotia Power ) Ontario Power Generation SaskPower and TransAlta mining companies : HudBay Minerals Teck Cominco Vale Inco and Xstrata oil and gas companies : Imperial Oil Shell Canada and Trans Canada oil sands companies : Syncrude and Suncor and the manufacturing enterprise SMC Canada .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Phil Selway	Radiohead	This project has seen a return of familiar faces from the first 7 Worlds Collide album in 2001 such as Johnny Marr Ed and Phil Selway of Radiohead but this album first and foremost presents the listener with new songs rather than interpretations of old favourites .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Nothing Records	Marilyn Manson	Nothing Records went on to release many NIN releases and later became a stand-alone record company signing and developing its own artists including Marilyn Manson and Prick while also offering label support to previously established bands with whom Reznor and Malm had formed relationships and respected as a fan himself such as Pop Will Eat Itself and Meat Beat Manifesto .
org:alternate_names(e2,e1)	San Francisco State Normal School	San Francisco State University	WHEREAS in 1921 The City of San Francisco abandoned Waller Street where it formerly ran through the property so as to assist further in the continued public use of the property which was then owned by the San Francisco State Normal School ( later becoming San Francisco State Teachers College and eventually San Francisco State University ) ; and .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Guyana	Bharrat Jagdeo	The pre-feasibility agreement signed in the presence of Guyana 's President Bharrat Jagdeo and the president of the Inter American Development Bank Luis Alberto Moreno will determine whether a more in-depth study should be done .
per:title(e2,e1)	actress	Jana	Spitting Off Tall Buildings was a Berlin Punk rock band headlined by the former VJ and actress Jana Pallaske ( vocals ) who assumed the stage name Bonnie Riot .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Dale Chihuly	Washington	His longtime relationship with Dale Chihuly kick-started the city's association with the Washington glass artist .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	National Intelligence	John Michael McConnell	On November 6 Obama received his first classified intelligence briefing from Director of National Intelligence John Michael McConnell and Central Intelligence Agency Director Michael Hayden .
no_relation	Dylan	Roger McGuinn	Upon hearing The Byrds ' version Dylan told the band's frontman Roger McGuinn Up until I heard this I thought you were just another imitator . . but this has got real feeling to it .
per:title(e2,e1)	President	Hamid Karzai	Amanullah was a Taliban leader who defected after the American invasion and who Afghan President Hamid Karzai appointed to his cabinet as Minister of Tribal and Border Affairs in December 2001 .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	United Kingdom	Harold Wilson	The establishment of a state funding body for the social sciences in the United Kingdom had been under discussion since the Second World War ; however it was not until the 1964 election of Prime Minister Harold Wilson that the political climate for the creation of the SSRC became sufficiently favourable .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Boltzmann	University of Vienna	In 1873 Boltzmann joined the University of Vienna as Professor of Mathematics and there he stayed until 1876 .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	15th division	Prussia	1849 found him commander of the 15th division of the Prussian army under the command of the Prince of Prussia .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Sammy Kershaw	Louisiana	In 2008 Sammy Kershaw was inducted into The Louisiana Music Hall of Fame in honor of his career achievements and was also inducted into the Louisiana Songwriters Association Hall Of Fame in 2010 .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	9th Wonder	Justus League	The Justus League was a rap collective from North Carolina that included L.E.G.A.C.Y. The Away Team Darien Brockington Little Brother Edgar Allen Floe Median Chaundon Cesar Comanche 9th Wonder Buckshot Sean Price Skyzoo and Joe Scudda.Cordor Cyril Hall of Justus Biography Allmusic Macrovision CorporationJones Todd E. ( 2003 ) L.E.G.A.C.Y. ( from The Justus League ) - The Start Of A Hip-Hop Legacy Hip Hop Elements Cesar Comanche and 9th Wonder first met in 1996 and founded the collective eighteen months later .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	China	China Southern Airlines	In southern China China Southern Airlines cancelled flights from the Guangdong provincial capital Guangzhou and Xiamen to the Philippines capital Manila and said service would be further disrupted to Southeast Asian cities .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Oak Park and River Forest High School	Oak Park	Oak Park and River Forest High School or OPRF is a public four-year high school located in Oak Park Illinois a western suburb of Chicago Illinois in the United States .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	He	California	www.frostythebook.com He at one time worked in Laguna Niguel California under the alias Jim McCauley working out at the Laguna Niguel Hockey Academy .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e2,e1)	Ohio	Rutherford B. Hayes	In 1874 he was appointed an Ohio Commissioner of the Centennial Exposition in Philadelphia He later served as Rutherford B. Hayes 's Minister to France from 1877 81 a patronage reward for his strong support of his fellow Buckeye soldier during Hayes ' presidential campaign .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Henry Moore	England	It operates from Perry Green in Hertfordshire and at the Henry Moore Institute in Leeds England .
per:title(e1,e2)	Margaret Beaufort	Countess	Henry VII was born at Pembroke Castle on 28 January 1457 to the 13-year-old Margaret Beaufort Countess of Richmond .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Jordin Sparks	Arizona	On May 20 2009 Kris Allen was declared the winner of the eighth season of American Idol becoming the first married contestant to claim the title as well as the sixth winner from the Southern United States ( only Jordin Sparks raised in Glendale Arizona ; David Cook from Blue Springs Missouri ; and Lee DeWyze from Chicago Illinois were from outside the South ) .
org:alternate_names(e2,e1)	Bank	National Bank of Greece	Then in 1953 Bank of Athens merged with National Bank of Greece to form the National Bank of Greece and Athens .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Thomson Reuters	New York	Thomson Reuters which is incorporated in Canada and has its headquarters in New York said net profit rose to 268 million dollars in the quarter from 162 million dollars a year ago better than expected by Wall Street analysts .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Rafael Correa	Ecuador	In a speech marking his first year in office Tuesday President Rafael Correa blamed Ecuador 's 2.67 percent economic growth -- one of the lowest rates in the region -- on a 9.8 percent decline in oil production .
org:alternate_names(e1,e2)	Defence Research and Development Organisation	DRDO	The Defence Research and Development Organisation ( DRDO ) is an agency of the Republic of India responsible for the development of technology for use by the military headquartered in New Delhi India .
no_relation	Henry	Elizabeth of York	After her imprisonment by King Henry VII of England she became a favoured lady-in-waiting of Queen consort Elizabeth of York .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	Providence Equity Partners	Newport Television	Providence Equity Partners owns a controlling stake in Newport Television ( formerly Clear Channel Communications ' television division ) the owner of local Fox affiliate WXXA .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e2,e1)	California	Beau Bridges	Bridges was born in California and is the son of actor Beau Bridges and wife Julie Landfield .
org:members(e2,e1)	Jamie Childers	Towson Tigers	On the two point conversion attempt Towson safety Jordan Dangerfield tipped a pass intended for Jamie Childers securing the win for the Towson Tigers .
org:top_members/employees(e2,e1)	Sari Nusseibeh	al-Quds University	Sari Nusseibeh the president of al-Quds University in Jerusalem has harsh words for all sides in his lyrical new memoir `` Once Upon a Country : A Palestinian Life '' which dismisses Fatah's experiment with governance as `` a sleazy Arab kleptocracy '' and scorns Hamas as a fanatical movement `` systematically throwing shackles on the mind . '' .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	ADC Airlines	Aviation Development Company	ADC Airlines was a Nigerian airline owned by Aviation Development Company plc and headquartered in Ikeja Lagos State Nigeria .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	He	England	He committed violent offences all over the North of England and was very well known to locals and the police in Leeds Liverpool Blackpool Hull and Rotherham and also known and respected by the hard cases in London .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Luxembourg	Jean-Claude Juncker	There are problems ( in EU-Russia relations ) but we will solve them together he said at a news conference after a two-hour meeting with Luxembourg Prime Minister Jean-Claude Juncker .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Mike Gordon	Spenard	Not long after his arrival he began working as a bar band musician particularly for Mike Gordon at his new Spenard establishment Chilkoot Charlie's .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Nova	Osaka	Sahashi came under scrutiny almost immediately after the collapse of Nova when court appointed administrators of the company allowed the media inside the president's luxury suite at Nova's administrative headquarters in Osaka to show an example of ( Sahashi ) using the company to benefit himself .
org:alternate_names(e1,e2)	Austrian Airlines	AUA	Turkish Airlines ( THY ) said Wednesday that it was interested in buying a stake in troubled Austrian flag carrier Austrian Airlines ( AUA ) .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	Bundeswehr	Luftwaffe	The two countries are also economically interdependent : 8.8 % of German exports are U.S.-bound and 6.6 % of German imports originate from the U.S. Germany's military the Bundeswehr is organized into Heer ( Army ) Marine ( Navy ) Luftwaffe ( Air Force ) Bundeswehr Joint Medical Service and ( Joint Support Service ) branches .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	TAT	London	TAT is a rock/punk band hailing from London England consisting of Tatiana DeMaria ( vocals/guitar ) Nick Kent ( bass/vocals ) and Jake Reed ( drums/vocals ) .
org:city_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Paris	Paris Centre	There are five such centers in the Paris region : Some alliances have been terminated such as Paris Universitas or Paris Centre and some other are still in discussion .
org:top_members/employees(e2,e1)	Samy Vellu	Malaysian Indian Congress	S. Samy Vellu who was the unchallenged chief of the Malaysian Indian Congress party since 1979 has been harangued for not doing enough to protect the largely Hindu Indian community's rights in the Muslim Malay-majority country .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	Go-Ahead Group	Southeastern	In 1999 the company was purchased by the Go-Ahead Group a major transportation group which also operates the Southeastern and Southern rail franchises and owns several other bus companies in South East England .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	DnB NOR	Oslo	Politics will determine BP's eventual bill and the U.S. will ultimately want to keep BP alive said Gudmund Halle Isfeldt an analyst at DnB NOR ASA in Oslo .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Littleton Waller Tazewell	Virginia	Tazewell was the maternal grandfather of Littleton Waller Tazewell Bradford ( 1848 1918 ) a prominent Virginia politician and a founder of Pi Kappa Alpha Fraternity .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Anand Panyarachun	Thailand	On the eve of the referendum the highly respected one-time Prime Minister Anand Panyarachun told reporters that democracy only seeded in Thailand 75 years ago has a long way to go .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Revols	Richard Manuel	The Revols were a Canadian band from Stratford Ontario Canada formed in 1957 with Richard Manuel on piano and vocals John Till on guitar Ken Kalmusky on bass Doug Rhodes on vocals and Jim Winkler on Drums .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	UCL	England	UCL 's principal academic and administrative officer is the President and Provost who is also UCL's designated principal officer for the purposes of the Financial Memorandum with the Higher Education Funding Council for England ( HEFCE ) .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Uriburu	Argentina	It seems the Uriburu were originally de Uruburu and the name changed in 1786 when the first Uriburu arrived to the north of Argentina then the Viceroyalty of Rio de la Plata .
org:alternate_names(e1,e2)	de Trabajadores de Venezuela	CTV	The group included a wide range of political parties and other actors including the business federation and the trade union federation de Trabajadores de Venezuela ( CTV ) .
per:title(e2,e1)	Singer	Andy Bell	Singer Andy Bell and keyboardist Vince Clarke might be getting up there but their swooshing melodies and yearning lyrics fit right in with the epic builds vocal effects and fist-pumping energy of American dance pop a testament to their solid songwriting instincts .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	park	Vladivostok	The grounds for the park were donated by the city of Vladivostok which also paid additional costs .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Joseph Pairin Kitingan	Sabah	Tan Sri Datuk Seri Panglima Joseph Pairin Kitingan ( born August 17 1940 ) is a Malaysian politician and was the seventh Chief Minister of Sabah a state in Malaysia .
per:country_of_birth(e1,e2)	An?ej De?	4; Sloven	An?ej De? an ( born June 17 1987 in ( near Celje 4; Sloven ia ) is a Slovenian singer .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Australia	Alfred Deakin	While Australian images of Australia were overwhelmingly negative during this period Walker makes the point that some Australians including Prime Minister Alfred Deakin saw much to admire in Asian cultures .
org:members(e2,e1)	CA	United States	Title : Assistant Professor - Community Health Employer : University of California Irvine Program in Nursing Science Program in Nursing Science Location : Irvine CA United States Posted : Oct 12 .
org:alternate_names(e2,e1)	University of Chittagong	Chittagong University	The University of Chittagong ( Chittagong University CU ) is a public university situated at the suburban area of Hathazari Chittagong district Bangladesh .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Cheddi Jagan	Guyana	Cheddi Jagan was elected as President of Guyana in 1992 and Janet Jagan became First Lady .
per:title(e2,e1)	Prime Minister	Prachanda	Visiting Norwegian minister for Environment and Development Erik Solheim held a meeting with the newly sworn-in Prime Minister Prachanda and discussed Norway's support and the latest political situation in Nepal according to local TV channel Kantipur .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Dortmund University of Technology	Germany	John Carroll University's Exchange Programs include the International Student Exchange Program and programs at Kansai Gaidai University Nanzan University and Sophia University all in Japan as well as the Dortmund University of Technology Germany and University of Hull England .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Smith Thompson	Navy	Various government officials lived in the house including Smith Thompson ( Secretary of Navy in the Monroe administration ) Samuel Southard John Berrien ( Attorney General ) and Levi Woodbury ( Secretary of Navy and Secretary of Treasury ) Charles Richard Vaughan ( Minister of Great Britain ) John C. Spencer ( Secretary of War ) William C. Rives ( father of novelist Rives Troubetzkoy ) Vice President Schuyler Colfax and General Daniel Edgar Sickles .
no_relation	Reek da Villian	Flipmode	Tariek Williams ( Roosevelt Long Island New York United States ) better known as Reek da Villian is an American rapper of rap veteran Busta Rhymes and former member of the rap group Flipmode Squad.http : / / www.flipmodefans.com/biographies/bioreek.htm Reek is currently signed to Busta Rhymes ' new label Conglomerate Records .
org:top_members/employees(e1,e2)	National Development and Reform Commission	Zhang Ping	The head of the National Development and Reform Commission Zhang Ping told parliament that grave risks lay ahead for the government's economic goals if China did not manage to stimulate demand and maintain export growth .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Nokia	Finland	The headquarters of Nokia Corporation in Keilaniemi Espoo Finland * http://groups.yahoo.com/group/fun_and_fun_only .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	Fifth Third Bancorp	Fifth Third Bank	George Schaefer Jr. is the former CEO of Fifth Third Bancorp in Cincinnati OH a financial services company whose banking arm is Fifth Third Bank .
per:title(e1,e2)	Iftekhar	actor	Like many of the older character actors who populated the Bollywood universe of the 1960s and 70s Iftekhar had been a lead actor in his youth during the ' golden age ' of Bollywood in the 1940s and 50s .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Flipper	California	Flipper is a punk band formed in San Francisco California in 1979 continuing in often erratic fashion until the mid-1990s then reuniting in 2005 .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Giulio Andreotti	Christian Democracy	Giulio Andreotti ( ; 14 January 1919 6 May 2013 ) was an Italian politician of the centrist Christian Democracy party .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	It	United States	It is played annually at the TPC Wakefield Plantation in Raleigh North Carolina United States .
org:top_members/employees(e2,e1)	Shuhei Yoshida	Sony Computer Entertainment	Shuhei Yoshida President of Sony Computer Entertainment Worldwide Studios revealed in an interview with UK video game magazine Develop that when Ken Kutaragi left Sony Computer Entertainment the new CEO Kazuo Hirai told him to engage SCE Worldwide Studios in the development of the next PlayStation .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	China	Wu Guanzhong	Li a member of the Standing Committee of the Political Bureau of the Communist Party of China ( CPC ) Central Committee made the remarks while visiting an exhibition held in honor of deceased Chinese painter Wu Guanzhong .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	Schule Schloss Salem	Salem	They placed Mark at the age of seven in a boarding-school in the French-speaking part of Switzerland and at nine in Kurt Hahn's Schule Schloss Salem at Salem in Germany .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Randolph-Macon College	Ashland	Bell is a graduate of Randolph-Macon College in Ashland Virginia with a B.A. in English .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	Darby Crash	Los Angeles	What We Do Is Secret -- A biopic chronicling the short and troubled life of Darby Crash creator of the seminal Los Angeles punk band the Germs .
per:spouse(e2,e1)	William Friedkin	Jeanne Moreau	Lansing married Academy award winning director William Friedkin on July 6 1991 ; he had previously been married to French film star Jeanne Moreau .
org:top_members/employees(e1,e2)	Rolling Stone	Jann Wenner	The review irked Rolling Stone publisher Jann Wenner who had it pulled from publication .
org:founded_by(e1,e2)	Harvey Comics	Alfred Harvey	In late 2000 Alan Harvey ( eldest son of Harvey Comics founder Alfred Harvey ) sued Steve Geppi ( owner of Diamond Comics Distribution and many other properties ) charging that Geppi had plundered Harvey's warehouses in the mid-1980s specifically of original art from Harvey's Sad Sack comic books .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	University of Central Florida	USA	The University of Central Florida Board of Trustees is the governing body of the University of Central Florida a space-grant university located on a main campus in Orlando Florida USA .
no_relation	1993	Smena	The newspaper was founded in mid-January 1993 by a group of journalist of the well-established daily Smena who left that daily due to differences over editorial policies and control .
org:founded(e2,e1)	2003	British Biotech	Vernalis plc is a British based biotech company founded in 2003 by the merger of Vernalis Group with British Biotech in a deal valued at 90 million .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	HSC	Rockville	HSC is headquartered in Rockville Maryland ( USA ) a suburb of Washington D.C. HSC is part of the HUGHES group of companies .
per:country_of_birth(e2,e1)	Nicaragua	Ortega	The Sandinista party remains Nicaragua 's second strongest electoral force and Ortega serves as its secretary general .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Lv	n Latvi	Lv i is a village in Biksti Parish and Dobele Municipality in the historical region of Zemgale and the Zemgale Planning Region i n Latvi a .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e2,e1)	New Hampshire	Franklin Pierce	New Hampshire was a Jacksonian stronghold ; the state sent Franklin Pierce to the White House in the election of 1852 .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Liberal Democratic Party	Yasuo Fukuda	Both dovish Liberal Democratic Party elder Yasuo Fukuda and hawkish former Foreign Minister Taro Aso said it was imperative for Japan's international standing that it extend the mission .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Blackford High School	Indiana	Blackford High School is a public high school in Hartford City Indiana which includes grades 9 through 12 .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	His	Mexico	His new revolutionary efforts were not too successful and was forced to retreat to the south of Mexico where he officially remained in arms .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Health	Chua Soi Lek	Health Minister Chua Soi Lek said his ministry's enforcement team and customs officials last week detained a container from Singapore loaded with 142 boxes containing 1.4 million Miagra capsules .
org:members(e1,e2)	Premier Soccer League	South Africa	Stanley Kgatla ( born 13 September 1982 in Tzaneen Limpopo ) is a South African football ( soccer ) midfielder for Premier Soccer League club AmaZulu and South Africa .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	Es Vive-series	Fierce Angel	Es Vive Ibiza 2006 is the first Es Vive-series compilation released on Fierce Angel a UK-based record label established by DJ Mark Doyle who set up also Hed Kandi in 1999 .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Castro	Cuba	In September 2008 I-Kiribati President Anote Tong met Cuban President Castro in Havana to discuss mutual friendship and cooperation thus becoming the first Pacific leader to pay a state visit to Cuba .
no_relation	Oh Boy	his	It was his last release on a major label he would next join Al Bunetta and Dan Einstein to form Oh Boy Records on which all his subsequent recordings were released .
org:members(e2,e1)	University of Houston	NCAA	The 2013 Houston Cougars football team represents the University of Houston in the 2013 NCAA Division I FBS football season .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e2,e1)	Minnesota	Alexander Ramsey	It was in this office that plans were drawn up for the Minnesota Territory and it became the temporary territorial headquarters in May 1840 when Governor Alexander Ramsey was a guest of Sibley .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	its	Baghdad	The new KDP of Iraq held its first congress in Baghdad on August 16 1946 .
no_relation	Mike Graham	Florida	On July 23 1985 in Tampa Horowitz defeated Mike Graham in a tournament final to win the vacant NWA Florida Heavyweight Championship .
org:city_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Guangzhou	China Southern Airlines	In 2002 the government merged the nine largest airlines into three regional groups based in Beijing Shanghai and Guangzhou respectively : Air China China Eastern Airlines and China Southern Airlines which operate most of China's external flights .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	He	Canada	He seemed to be a good leader for Canada .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	Rosy Lamb	Paris	Rosy Lamb ( born July 23 1973 in Tamworth New Hampshire ) is an expatriate American sculptor and painter living in Paris France .
per:title(e2,e1)	President	Hosni Mubarak	Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak ordered to open the Rafah land crossing on both sides for an unlimited time the TV channel said .
per:cities_of_residence(e2,e1)	Gloucester	George III of the United Kingdom	Albert and Queen Victoria chose the names Beatrice Mary Victoria Feodore : Mary after Princess Mary Duchess of Gloucester the last surviving child of King George III of the United Kingdom ; Victoria after the Queen ; and Feodore after the Queen's older half-sister .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e2,e1)	Florida	Bob Graham	In addition to being chef for Florida Governor Bob Graham he cooked for Florida Governor Jeb Bush Romero Britto film stars Ali Landry and Eduardo amongst many others .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	State	James Baker	At the United States Department of State Mullins worked with Bush's 1988 campaign manager James Baker who became United States Secretary of State in 1989 .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	India	Bharat Petroleum	Air India operates hangars at the airport while Bharat Petroleum and Indian Oil act as fuellers .
org:alternate_names(e1,e2)	school	Cheshire	The project was paid for by a 5 million investment in the school by Cheshire East Council .
per:title(e1,e2)	Mbeki	president	Zuma who succeeded Mbeki as both the ANC's and the nation's president will be more vocal in terms of what we see as deviant behavior ANC Secretary General Gwede Mantashe told reporters Wednesday .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Montcalm Community College	Michigan	Montcalm Community College ( MCC ) founded in 1965 is a two-year community college located in Sidney Michigan .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	International Academy	Michigan	The International Academy also had a student selected as one of the top young composers in Michigan by the Michigan Music Educators Association for its 2007 conference in Grand Rapids .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	State	James Buchanan	jpg | Former Secretary of State James Buchanan of Pennsylvania File : JosephLane.png | Delegate Joseph Lane of Oregon Image : SHouston 2 .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Mostransavto	Moscow	Unitary enterprise Mostransavto ( ) is a state-owned company for passenger bus transport in Moscow oblast with daily throughput of 2.3 million passengers .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Canada	VisionTV	Its first and only airing in the U.S. was on March 3 2003 and aired on Canada 's VisionTV on October 24 2003 .
org:members(e2,e1)	Robinson Cano	Major League Baseball	Jason Giambi homered and Robinson Cano also drove in a run for the Yankees ( 86-71 ) who were eliminated from the Major League Baseball playoffs when the Boston Red Sox ( 92-65 ) registered a 5-4 win over Cleveland on Tuesday .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	He	Toronto	He is a member of Canada New Democratic Party and performed at an NDP kick-off rally in Toronto during the fall 2008 election .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	Shad	London	In October Shad suffered a tennis injury forcing him to return to London for an operation and recovery program scheduled to carry through to early 2013 .
org:top_members/employees(e1,e2)	Puma	Jochen Zeitz	Puma Chief Executive Jochen Zeitz stressed that his company considers PPR the right partner when asked during a conference call about the possibility of a rival bid -- which he described as very hypothetical .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Tolmie	British Columbia	In 1859 the Hudson's Bay Company transferred Tolmie to Victoria in British Columbia .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Quebecor Media	Canada	Quebecor Media is one of the largest media operations in Canada .
org:founded_by(e1,e2)	Tata Consultancy Services	Tata Group	Tata Consultancy Services established in 1968 by the Tata Group were the country's largest software producers during the 1960s .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Ion Storm Inc.	Texas	Ion Storm Inc. ( sometimes spelled ION Storm ) was a Texas based developer of computer games founded by John Romero Tom Hall ( both former employees of id Software ) Todd Porter and Jerry O'Flaherty under the slogan Design is Law .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Bernard	Jin	During this period Bernard recorded singles for Huey Meaux's Teardrop and Copyright labels and for Soileau's familiar Jin label .
org:members(e2,e1)	Living Sacrifice	R.E.X. Records	In 1991 Living Sacrifice 's self-titled debut was released on R.E.X. Records .
no_relation	Mississippi	Lance Bass	At the age of five she was a member of the traveling choir the Mississippi Show Stoppers along with Lance Bass of 'N Sync .
org:alternate_names(e2,e1)	East India Company	Haileybury and Imperial Service College	Educated at Cheltenham College and East India Company College ( later succeeded by the Haileybury and Imperial Service College ) he was 27 years old and a civilian in the Bengal Civil Service during the Indian Mutiny when the following deed took place on 30 July 1857 during the retreat from Arrah for which he was awarded the VC : .
no_relation	North American Free Trade Agreement	Ottawa	Divisions between Canada and Mexico economic partners with Washington in the North American Free Trade Agreement ( NAFTA ) hit a particularly low point last July when Ottawa imposed visa requirements on Mexicans visiting Canada in a bid to stem a surge in refugee claims .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Windsor and Hantsport Railway	Nova Scotia	The Windsor and Hantsport Railway is a railway operating in Nova Scotia between Windsor Junction ( north of Bedford ) and New Minas with a spur at Windsor which runs several miles east serving two gypsum quarries at Wentworth Creek and Mantua .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Denmark	Royal Danish Navy	The Royal Danish Naval Academy ( known in Denmark as Officersskole or more commonly ) educates and commissions all officers for the Royal Danish Navy .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Stephen Harper	Canada	He has also contested four byelections including one in Calgary Southwest against Canadian Alliance leader Stephen Harper who later was elected to serve as prime minister of Canada .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Ontario Lottery and Gaming Corporation	Ontario	Atrium on Bay hosts the spacious flagship store of the Canadian photo retailer Black's Photography an outlet of the Liquor Control Board of Ontario the main prize claiming site for the Ontario Lottery and Gaming Corporation Tourism Ontario and the Land Registry Office for the City of Toronto .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Mitch McConnell	Kentucky	The two parties deadlocked after Democrats refused a proposal by Sen. Mitch McConnell of Kentucky the Republican leader that would have cleared the way for a floor fight on a bipartisan resolution expressing disagreement with the White House plan for a troop buildup in Iraq .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	Bundeswehr	Heer	In Germany the Flecktarn camouflage pattern is used by all Bundeswehr service branches the Heer ( army ) the Luftwaffe ( air force ) some Marine ( navy ) units and even the ( medical service ) .
per:alternate_names(e1,e2)	Jimmy James	James Casey	Jimmy James was born James Casey on 20 May 1892 the eldest of four sons of Jeremiah Casey an iron puddler or steelmaker and Polly Gartland .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Temaru	French Polynesia	On September 14 2007 Temaru was elected as President of French Polynesia for the third time in three years ( with 27 of 44 votes ) .
org:city_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Brno	Masaryk University	Born Bozena Hauserova in Brno Bulgaria which became part of Czechoslovakia in 1918 she studied at the University of Paris and received a law degree from Masaryk University in her home town .
per:country_of_birth(e1,e2)	Paasikivi	Finland	By the end of Paasikivi 's second six-year term Finland had gotten rid of the most urgent political problems resulting from the lost war .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e2,e1)	Ontario	George A. Drew	These party bosses believed that Ontario Premier George A. Drew who had won three successive provincial elections and had even made inroads in francophone ridings was the man to lead the Progressive Conservatives to victory .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Bing Crosby	Decca	The song score of the show with story narration by Bing Crosby was released by Decca Records in 1956 .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Gavin Rossdale	Bush	Parsons met up in 1992 with Gavin Rossdale and Nigel Pulsford adding the drummer Robin Goodridge to eventually become Bush .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Richard Carpenter	Carpenters	In 1972 Richard Carpenter and John Bettis had written a new song Goodbye to Love for the Carpenters .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Pat Binns	Progressive Conservative	Premier Pat Binns ' Progressive Conservative Party of Prince Edward Island was elected to its 2nd straight majority winning every seat but one .
org:founded(e1,e2)	Zink	2005	They spun off as a separate company Zink Imaging in 2005 after Polaroid's bankruptcy and eventual sale to the Petters Group Worldwide in Minnetonka Minn .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	France	Luc Besson	France threw out a challenge to Hollywood on Thursday as film giant Luc Besson announced the launch of a giant Cinema City to be built inside a disused power plant outside Paris by 2012 .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e2,e1)	Ohio	Sherrod Brown	In 1990 he was elected as the Ohio Secretary of State defeating incumbent Democrat Sherrod Brown .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	United Nations Monitoring Verification and Inspection Commission	Hans Blix	He was the second Chairman of the United Nations Monitoring Verification and Inspection Commission ( UNMOVIC ) succeeding Dr. Hans Blix in June 2003 and serving until UNMOVIC's dissolution in 2007 .
org:founded(e1,e2)	National Tertiary Education Union	1993	After a brief period of working for the National Tertiary Education Union Anne joined the Federated Clerks Union ( later to become known as the Australian Services Union ) as an Industrial Officer/Organiser in 1993 .
per:spouse(e2,e1)	Ronald Reagan	Jane Wyman	He has a sister Patti Davis five and a half years his senior and a brother Michael Reagan who was adopted as an infant by Ronald Reagan and his first wife Jane Wyman .
org:members(e1,e2)	de	Carabins	Radevich studies Arts and Science on the de and played for the Montreal Carabins soccer team .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Nicaragua	Daniel Ortega	He also called on Nicaragua 's President Daniel Ortega to respect Honduras ' sovereignty .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Italy	Francesco Cossiga	Recently a former president of Italy Francesco Cossiga said in an interview with the newspaper Corriere della Sera [ Osama-Berlusconi November 30 2007 ] that democratic elements in America and Europe with the Italian center-left in the forefront now know that the 9/11 attack was planned and executed by the American CIA and Mossad in order to blame the Arab countries and to persuade the Western powers to undertake military action both in Iraq and Afghanistan .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	he	Peru	In 1990 he was elected Senator of the Republic by the APRA Party ticket and unsuccessfully ran for the Presidency of Peru in the 2000 elections winning about 1.3 % of the vote .
no_relation	Lahoud	Lebanon	When Lahoud 's presidential term ended in October 2007 the opposition refused to vote for a successor unless a power-sharing deal was reached leaving Lebanon without a president .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Kansas State Wildcats	Kansas	Mertes got his first college head coach position as the 24th head football coach for the Kansas State Wildcats in Manhattan Kansas and he held that position for five seasons from 1955 until 1959 .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	he	Mexico	In addition he started working on the Independent Television of Mexico ( TIM ) as a host first with the program La cinematografica de Acapulco and then he participated in some open TV programs like 68 Media Noche and Domingos espectaculares .
org:alternate_names(e2,e1)	Liberal	Democratic Party	-- Former Chief Cabinet Secretary Yasuo Fukuda is set to win Japan's ruling Liberal Democratic Party 's presidential election .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e2,e1)	Oregon	Ron Wyden	Oregon Democratic Sen. Ron Wyden has won a third full term in office easily fending off a challenge from a Republican political newcomer who self-financed most of his own campaign .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Ho Chi Minh	Minh Cit	Ho Chi Minh University Of Sport ( Vietnamese language : i h?c Th? d?c Th? thao Ph? H? Minh ) is a university in Ho Chi Minh Cit y Vietnam .
per:title(e2,e1)	President	Manuel Balmaceda	He founded El Comercio newspaper in 1890 on the eve of the 1891 Chilean Civil War to support President Manuel Balmaceda who had bad relationship with the Chilean press .
per:alternate_names(e2,e1)	Raymond Bingham	Grooverider	Raymond Bingham BBC's DJ Grooverider was sentenced to four years in prison after a pair of jeans in his luggage was found to contain just over 2 grams of marijuana .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Birzeit University	West Bank	It's clear that there will not be serious US intervention in the interest of the Palestinians and even if there were the Israelis would not respond said Samir Awad a professor at Birzeit University in the West Bank .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Ryan Miller	USA	On December 21 2010 Ryan Miller was called up to the USA national team squad by head coach Bob Bradley for a friendly against Chile but he did n't feature in the match .
org:top_members/employees(e1,e2)	World Wide Web Foundation	Tim Berners-Lee	Speaking at the launch of the World Wide Web Foundation 's Web Index Tim Berners-Lee ( inventor of the World Wide Web ) talking about the bill stated In Britain like in the US there has been a series of Bills that would give government very strong powers to for example collect data .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Ten	Gary Hughes	The sessions quickly turned into more of a band situation and Ten was formed.Now Then Records : Ten Profile Between The Robe and Spellbound albums Gary Hughes released his third solo album named Precious Ones .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Zambia	Levy Mwanawasa	The bridge was officially opened by the President of Namibia Dr. Sam Nujoma and President of Zambia Levy Mwanawasa on 13 May 2004 in Katima Mulilo .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Franklin D. Roosevelt	Navy	When the 1919 sting operation ensnared a local minister the Episcopal Church fought back and what had been a local operation became a national scandal that almost ended the burgeoning political career of Franklin D. Roosevelt who was then assistant secretary of the Navy .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Tennessee Valley Authority	Tennessee	In 1933 Congress established the Tennessee Valley Authority ( TVA ) to develop the economy by a series of flood control dams on the Tennessee River and to sell the electricity generated from the dams .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Malaysia	Universiti Sains Malaysia	After graduating from Miami University in Oxford Ohio he was a regional manager for Kinko in charge of 11 stores in three states before moving to Penang Malaysia where he lived for 21 years and taught creative writing at Universiti Sains Malaysia .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Coronado High School	Scottsdale	Marson was drafted in the fourth round of the 2004 Major League Baseball Draft out of Coronado High School in Scottsdale Arizona .
no_relation	28	Monica	Joyce Howard ( 28 February 1922 in London England 23 November 2010 in Santa Monica California ) was a British film actress .
no_relation	Frost Sullivan	2007	According to analysis from Frost Sullivan Brazil's sugarcane bagasse used for power generation has reached 3.0 GW in 2007 and it is expected to reach 12.2 GW in 2014 .
per:title(e2,e1)	artist	Jimmy Cauty	In the early 1980s British musician and artist Jimmy Cauty was the guitarist in an underachieving pop/rock band Brilliant.Robbins I. KLF Trouser Press magazine ( link ) .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Navy	Gideon Welles	Hoel's courageous and skillful service on this occasion won the praise of Flag-Officer Andrew H. Foote the thanks of the Navy from Secretary Gideon Welles and promotion to the rank of Acting Volunteer Lieutenant effective 29 April 1862 .
org:founded_by(e2,e1)	Samir Arora	NetObjects	Samir Arora ( born November 5 1965 ) is best known as the founder CEO and Chairman of the web design company NetObjects Inc. from 1995 to 2001 and also as the co-founder CEO and Chairman of Glam Media since 2003 .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	New York	RSD	Families in New York State with deaf and hard of hearing children - newborn to age 18 - can apply to RSD directly at any time .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	Frida Kahlo	croydon	He and his wife Frida Kahlo lived in the southern suburb of croydon where several of their homes studios and art collections are open to the public .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Guns N ' Roses	Izzy Stradlin	This song is one of the few Guns N ' Roses songs sung fully by Izzy Stradlin with the exception of the chorus sung along with Rose .14 Years The song was only performed live when Stradlin was still in the band .
no_relation	Staff	Mack McLarty	Clinton named Panetta as his new Chief of Staff replacing Mack McLarty .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Louis St. Laurent	Quebec	Louis St. Laurent admitted to Croll that this was due to anti-Semitism in Quebec and within quarters of the Liberal Party .
no_relation	Dagbladet	Chairman	Since October 2010 director of Arts Council Norway is Anne Aasheim previously editor-in-chief of Dagbladet the current Chairman of the Arts Council is Bentein Baardson .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Chess	Chuck Berry	The swirl of history energizes Cadillac Records the chronicle of the rise and fall of Chicago's legendary Chess Records the 1950s music powerhouse that brought to prominence such stars as Muddy Waters Etta James and Chuck Berry .
per:origin(e2,e1)	American	Eileen Collins	Astronaut Sally Ride became the first American woman in space in 1983 on STS-7 and Eileen Collins was the first woman to pilot the Space Shuttle during STS-63 in 1995 .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Edison State College	Florida	Two community colleges are named for him : Edison State College in Fort Myers Florida and Edison Community College in Piqua Ohio .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Willi Stoph	Germany	On 19 March 1970 the East and West German Chancellors Willi Stoph and Willy Brandt met in Erfurt the first such meeting since the division of Germany .
per:title(e2,e1)	Navy	Gideon Welles	U.S. Secretary of the Navy Gideon Welles called Alert back to the Potomac River to strengthen the forces which were to meet Lee but the steamer was undergoing repairs at Newport News Virginia and was unable to get underway until after Union soldiers had stopped Lee at Antietam Creek .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Finland	Risto Ryti	The German requirement for a treaty between Germany and Finland was transformed into a letter from Risto Ryti to Adolf Hitler because of Ramsay's perseverance and the negotiations skills .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	Zavoloka	Kyiv	Zavoloka Suspenzia nexsound Audio CD $ 13.00 from babesinboyland Kateryna Zavoloka is a musician from Kyiv city Ukraine which seems to be a rarity in itself worth noting .
no_relation	Ludwig Scotty	Nauru	One of the results of Gioura's short period of office was the facilitating of the path of his successor Ludwig Scotty who after a hiatus of several months oversaw a more stable period of politics in Nauru .
per:country_of_birth(e1,e2)	John Adams	United States	The John Adams Birthplace in Quincy Massachusetts is the home in which United States President John Adams was born on October 30 1735 .
org:top_members/employees(e2,e1)	Alessandro Profumo	UniCredit	At the forefront of the acquirers is Alessandro Profumo chief executive of UniCredit Italy's largest bank which last week agreed to buy a rival Capitalia for 21.8 billion euros ( $ 29 billion ) .
per:country_of_birth(e1,e2)	Piero Fassino	Italy	The European Union's Special Envoy for Myanmar Piero Fassino of Italy on Friday also urged the junta to release the democracy icon .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	B-Tight	Aggro Berlin	It was mainly a dispute between the rappers Sido B-Tight and Fler of Aggro Berlin and Bushido who founded his own label ersguterjunge after leaving Aggro Berlin in 2004 .
per:cities_of_residence(e2,e1)	Montreal	Tim Hecker	At age 18 she moved from East Vancouver to Montreal Quebec with electronic artist Tim Hecker where she subsequently joined both bands .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Moses Blah	Liberia	Rebels Lift Siege of Starving Monrovia - General - redOrbit Moses Blah handed over power to the National Transitional Government of Liberia on October 14 2003 .
no_relation	3 1 2 4	France 3	Following are the standings of women's basketball after Friday's preliminary phase at the Universiade 2009 at Belgrade Serbia : ( tabulated under matchs played won lost points ) Group A United States 3 3 0 6 Britain 3 2 1 5 Serbia 3 1 2 4 France 3 0 3 3 Group B Australia 3 3 0 6 Slovakia 3 2 1 5 Japan 3 1 2 4 Canada 3 0 3 3 Group C Russia 3 3 0 6 Chinese Taipei 3 2 1 5 Hungary 3 1 2 4 Mozambique 3 0 3 3 Group D Czech Republic 3 3 0 6 Poland 3 2 1 5 China 3 1 2 4 Turkey 3 0 3 3 .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Mohammad Najibullah	Afghanistan	Even Washington's long-time nemesis -- the hard-core Marxist and former Soviet ally former president Mohammad Najibullah of Afghanistan against whom the United States helped sponsor Pakistani-directed guerrilla warfare -- a few days before his ouster from power offered his services in the new struggle against the radical Islamic threat .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Gnarkill	Pennsylvania	Gnarkill was an American parody band that formed in West Chester Pennsylvania in 2002 and comprises vocalist Brandon DiCamillo guitarist Rich Vose keyboardist Bam Margera drummer Jess Margera and mixer Matt Cole .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	Caucasian Front	Caucasus Emirate	Yarmuk became part of the Caucasian Front in 2005 and joined the Caucasus Emirate in 2007 .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e2,e1)	New York	Ambrose	National Lighthouse Museum - Staten Island Lighthouse It was designated a New York City Landmark in 1968 and remains a valuable aid to navigation for ships entering the Ambrose Channel in Lower New York Bay .
no_relation	His	artist	His son Yasser Musa is an artist teacher poet and entertainer in Belize and headed its arts council the National Institute of Culture and History ( NICH ) under the PUP administration in addition to serving as chief of public relations for the PUP .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Afghanistan	Kabul University	Kabul Medical University ( ) ( formerly known as Kabul Medical Faculty ) is located in Kabul Afghanistan on the campus of Kabul University .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Finland	Stora Enso	Finland 's Stora Enso to build 1.2 bln dlr plant in Uruguay .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	India	Osho	At the age of thirteen his mother took him to India where they stayed at the Osho International Meditation Resort in Pune .
no_relation	He	Taiwan	He urged China to take a cue from the Roh-Kim meeting acknowledge that Taiwan is a sovereign independent country and help Taiwan join the United Nations .
no_relation	Epic	Shabba Ranks	However he won two Grammy Awards for previous work and Epic went on to release a ' Greatest Hits ' album entitled Shabba Ranks and Friends in 1999 .
per:cities_of_residence(e2,e1)	Los Angeles	Albert Hammond	Hammond was born in Los Angeles California the son of British-Gibraltarian singer/songwriter/musician Albert Hammond and Argentine former model and beauty pageant winner Claudia .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Jagan	Guyana	One of the Caribbean's most charismatic and famous leaders Jagan was a founder of the PPP which led Guyana 's struggle for independence .
per:title(e2,e1)	singer	Wayne Newton	Prior to Harriman she was engaged to singer Wayne Newton for eight years ending in 1991 .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Nawaz Sharif	Pakistan	The Model Town Park ( former Nawaz Sharif Park ) is a family park and also a golf course located in Model Town Lahore Pakistan .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	England	Crompton House	Howarth was a native of Crompton in Lancashire England and was educated at Crompton House School in the locality .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Peru	University of the Pacific	CIUP as it is known in Peru is an interdepartamental and interdisciplinary research unit through which the University of the Pacific ( Peru ) undertakes and disseminates research in Peru .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Black Sabbath	Tony Iommi	This band featured future Black Sabbath founding members Tony Iommi and Bill Ward .
org:top_members/employees(e1,e2)	Colgate-Palmolive	Ian M. Cook	Colgate-Palmolive Executive Management TeamPepsico Board of Directors and Committees Ian M. Cook was born in Great Britain .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	9th Division	Tobruk	After this he held the position Deputy Adjutant General at General Headquarters Middle East Land Forces in 1940 before being given command of the 70th Infantry Division which was sent into to relieve the Australian 9th Division in Tobruk .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	France	Gouin	He held the Minister of Overseas France position under Gouin Georges Bidault Blum's third government and Paul Ramadier .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Moldova	Military of Moldova	It was formed following Moldova 's independence from the Soviet Union in August 1991 and is part of the Military of Moldova .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Barrick Gold	Toronto	Barrick Gold Corporation is the largest gold mining company in the world with its headquarters in Toronto Ontario Canada ; and four regional business units ( RBU's ) located in Australia Africa North America and South America .
org:alternate_names(e2,e1)	Standard Oil	ExxonMobil	One of the first United States fluidized bed reactors used in the petroleum industry was the Catalytic Cracking Unit created in Baton Rouge LA in 1942 by the Standard Oil Company of New Jersey ( now ExxonMobil ) .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Joey Boy	Thailand	In 1996 she joined Joey Boy Thailand 's biggest hip-hop star as a backup singer and dancer .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Kenyatta University	Nairobi	Next month her team will ship its largest lab kit yet : A 20-foot container crammed with $ worth of high-tech equipment will leave for Kenyatta University in Nairobi Kenya to outfit the entire pharmacy and chemistry departments serving students .
per:spouse(e1,e2)	She	Henry	She also has the distinction of being the last of Henry VIII's wives to die ( she outlived Henry's last wife Catherine Parr by 9 years ) .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Australia	National Rugby League	In 2006 Brackin left New Zealand to play his rugby league in Australia with the Cronulla Sharks in the National Rugby League competition .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Hopkins School	New Haven	Money from Hopkins ' estate funded the creation of Hopkins School in New Haven Connecticut and the Hopkins Classical School in Cambridge Massachusetts .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Daniel Akaka	Hawaii	The others were also all Democratic senators : Daniel Akaka of Hawaii Jeff Bingaman of New Mexico Robert Byrd of West Virginia Kent Conrad of North Dakota Daniel Inouye of Hawaii Ted Kennedy of Massachusetts Patrick Leahy of Vermont Carl Levin of Michigan Barbara Mikulski of Maryland and Paul Sarbanes of Maryland .
per:origin(e1,e2)	Hamid Karzai	Afghanistan	Afghan President Hamid Karzai visited Taliban former stronghold Kandahar in south Afghanistan on Sunday and held meeting with local officials and tribal elders to review the security situation .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Interior	Dirk Kempthorne	Other attendees included former Secretary of Interior Dirk Kempthorne ; ALBC Co-Chair Harold Holzer ; Poet and President of the Poetry Foundation John Barr ; Former U.S. Poet Laureate Robert Pinsky ; and 2008 Poetry Out Loud National Champion Shawntay Henry .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Michigan	Trustees	Although the Board of Regents of the University of Michigan was formed as a new legal entity in 1837 the Michigan Supreme Court ruled in 1856 that it was legally continuous with the Board of Trustees of the University of Michigan that was formed in 1821 and with the Catholepistemiad or University of Michigania that was formed in 1817 .
org:members(e1,e2)	he I	ia Davis C	Darius Florin Br?gu?i ( born June 18 1993 ) is a Romanian professional tennis player playing on t he I TF Men's Circuit and current member of the Roman ia Davis C up Team .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Margaret Becker	Sparrow Records	Falling Forward is an album by Christian musician Margaret Becker released in 1998 by Sparrow Records .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Jahangirnagar University	Bangladesh	It was founded by Fakhrul Arefin on February 14 1999 along with a handful of film lovers of Jahangirnagar University in Bangladesh .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	Air China Cargo	Air China	Air China Cargo owns seven Boeing 747 freighters and also sells cargo space on Air China 's passenger flights .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Singapore	Nanyang Technological University	Singapore 's Nanyang Technological University ( NTU ) and the Geneva-based International Air Transport Association ( IATA ) on Tuesday signed a Memorandum of Understanding ( MOU ) to collaborate on the development and upgrading of human capital for the global aviation industry .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Sykes	England	Sykes has also represented the England in their warm up match against Wales before the 2009 Four Nations .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Rock Bridge High School	Missouri	He is the head coach of Rock Bridge High School in Columbia Missouri .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Isabelle Delobel	France	In the ice dancing competition world champions Isabelle Delobel and Olivier Schoenfelder of France scored 60.35 points in the original dance to take a slim lead into Saturday's free dance .
org:founded_by(e2,e1)	Michael Bloomberg	Bloomberg L.P.	Michael Bloomberg New York 63 $ 5.1 Bloomberg L.P. 112 .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Indonesia	Suharto	On 10 September 2007 Indonesia 's Supreme Court awarded Suharto damages against Time Asia magazine ordering it to pay him one trillion rupiah ( $ 128.59 million ) .
org:city_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Michigan	GVSU	On March 21 2010 Haas was named one of the Michigan Green Leaders for 2010 by the Detroit Free Press for his leadership in environmental stewardship across GVSU 's campus and in the region for conservation emissions reduction building practices local food advocacy and other such environmental efforts .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Australia	Edmund Barton	The flag was a favourite of Australia 's first Prime Minister Sir Edmund Barton who asked that a variant be considered for approval along with the competition-winning Blue Ensign .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Mike Di Meglio	France	Mike Di Meglio France Derbi 40:45.938 .
org:alternate_names(e1,e2)	DGSE Companies	DGSE	2011 - DGSE Companies Inc. opens fifth Dallas-area location in Arlington 2012 - DGSE Companies Inc. opens a Bullion Express store in Highland Park ( Chicago ) Illinois 2012 - DGSE Companies Inc. opens a Bullion Express store in Atlanta Georgia's Buckhead district 2012 - Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ) announces investigation into DGSE accounting irregularities 2012 - DGSE Companies Inc. opens 6th DFW area location in Southlake Texas 2012 - DGSE Companies Inc. opens 7th DFW area location in Allen Texas 2012 - DGSE Companies Inc. opens 8th DFW area location in Fort Worth Texas 2013 - DGSE Companies Inc .
per:title(e2,e1)	director	Joe Mantello	( It was a last-minute replacement for The Roundabout Theatre Company's planned production of Terrance McNally's Lips Together Teeth Apart which was canceled when Megan Mullally withdrew after differences with director Joe Mantello . ) .
no_relation	Graham Gouldman	Yardbirds	Bus Stop was written by UK songwriter and future 10cc member Graham Gouldman who also penned major hits for The Yardbirds ( For Your Love ) and Herman's Hermits ( No Milk Today ) as well as The Hollies ' first venture into the US top 40 with Look Through Any Window .
no_relation	International School of the Sacred Heart	University of the Sacred Heart	Hiroo is also home to the International School of the Sacred Heart which was founded in 1908 and is located on the same grounds as the University of the Sacred Heart ( Seishin Joshi Daigaku ) .
org:members(e2,e1)	ETSU	Division I	ETSU has been playing Division I basketball since the 1958 59 season when they joined the Ohio Valley Conference .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Allianz	Munich	The first edition of the Audi Cup was a two-day association football tournament that featured four teams and was staged in late July 2009 at the Allianz Arena in Munich Germany .
per:alternate_names(e2,e1)	Batumongke	Dayan Khan	Borjigin Barsboladiin Altan was the second son of Bars Bolud Jinong and a grandson of Batumongke Dayan Khan who had re-unified the Mongolian nobility in an attempt to regain the glory of the Yuan Dynasty .
org:founded(e1,e2)	Khyber Teaching Hospital	1976	Khyber Teaching Hospital formerly Hayat Shaheed Teaching Hospital opened in 1976 as a training and biomedical research facility for the medical students of KMC Khyber Teaching Hospital is now a major health care facility of the country .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Tom Harkin	Iowa	He was also a speechwriter for Senator Tom Harkin of Iowa .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Northeast Normal University	Jilin	Theng who has taught costume design at the Northeast Normal University in Changchun capital of Jilin Province encourages her students to create their own styles .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	Funkhouser	Kansas City	Prior to serving as the city's mayor Funkhouser served as Kansas City 's city auditor .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	ent Hosni Muba	of Eg	Suzanne Mubarak ( Szn Mubrak ; born 28 February 1941 ) is married to the former Egyptian Presid ent Hosni Muba rak and was the First Lady of Eg ypt until her husband resigned on 11 February 2011 .
per:title(e1,e2)	Henrik Takkenberg	songwriter	Henrik Takkenberg ( August 23 1967 November 25 2006 ) was a lead singer songwriter composer and producer who developed a new musical style he named Flamenco Chill .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Iceland	Geir Haarde	In a speech at a conference at the University of Iceland on 31 March 2006 Geir Haarde repeated what he had said on a number of occasions that no special Icelandic interests demanded membership of the EU .
no_relation	British Armed Forces	Royal Navy	However in the British Armed Forces while an air commodore is an air officer his Royal Navy equivalent ( commodore ) is not considered a flag officer nor is his British Army or Royal Marines equivalent ( brigadier ) considered a general officer .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Christopher J. Dodd	Connecticut	Forty years later Sen. Christopher J. Dodd Democrat of Connecticut is running for president .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Canada	University of Ottawa	Canada 's federal privacy commissioner is investigating Facebook after University of Ottawa law students complained the site breaches the law by disclosing personal information to advertisers without consent .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	Hewlett-Packard	Compaq	Capellas also served as president of Hewlett-Packard Co. after it acquired Compaq .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Republican	Dwight D. Eisenhower	Others who have indicated that they plan to attend the one-day session include William S. Cohen a former Republican senator from Maine and defense secretary in the Clinton administration ; Alan Dixon a former Democratic senator from Illinois ; Bob Graham a former Democratic senator from Florida ; Jim Leach a former Republican congressman from Iowa ; Susan Eisenhower a political consultant and granddaughter of former president Dwight D. Eisenhower ; David Abshire president of the Center for the Study of the Presidency ; and Edward Perkins a former U.S. ambassador to the United Nations .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	George Zames	McGill University	George Zames ( January 7 1934 August 10 1997 ) was a control theorist and professor at McGill University Montreal Quebec Canada .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Kenya	Jomo Kenyatta	In 1976 he was positioned in Kenya training the guard forces of Prime Minister Jomo Kenyatta and helped organize Operation Entebbe's rescue forces ' landing in Nairobi .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Ian Smith	Rhodesia	On 11 November 1965 Ian Smith and the RF made a unilateral declaration of independence and the British colony of Southern Rhodesia became the unrecognised state of Rhodesia .
per:alternate_names(e2,e1)	Staff	Alexander Haig	Following Ford's appointment the Watergate investigation continued until Chief of Staff Alexander Haig contacted Ford on August 1 1974 and told him that smoking gun evidence had been found .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Arab Strap	Chemikal Underground	Monday at the Hug Pint is the fifth studio album by Arab Strap released on April 21 2003 on Chemikal Underground .
no_relation	Columbia	Dylan	However Columbia were insistent believing that in the wake of the Byrds ' debut single Mr. Tambourine Man another Dylan cover equaled an instant hit .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Democratic Party	Albert Ho	Democratic Party Chairman Albert Ho said that Szeto Wah played an influential role in the decision-making process but was not the one to make the final decision .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	South Carolina State Guard	South Carolina	The South Carolina State Guard ( SCSG ) is the designated state defense force for the state of South Carolina USA .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	Mark Chesnutt	Beaumont	Many notable music artists have East Texas roots including : George Jones ( Saratoga ) Miranda Lambert ( Lindale ) Neal McCoy ( Longview and Jacksonville ) Lee Ann Womack ( Jacksonville ) Janis Joplin ( Port Arthur ) Don Henley ( Linden ) Ray Price ( Perryville ) Johnny Horton ( Rusk ) Johnny Mathis ( Gilmer ) Tex Ritter ( Panola County ) Jim Reeves ( Panola County ) Mark Chesnutt ( Beaumont ) Tracy Byrd ( Vidor ) Clay Walker ( Beaumont ) Chris Tomlin ( Grand Saline ) among many others .
org:top_members/employees(e2,e1)	Pravind Jugnauth	MSM	He also initiated the idea that his son Pravind Jugnauth would become Leader of the MSM and he would stood down so as to make way for his son for the office of the Prime Minister .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	IRIN	United Nations	Born in 1941 a carpenter by trade Zaire : IRIN Briefing Part III 02/27/97 United Nations Department of Humanitarian Affairs Integrated Regional Information Network .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	his	Epic	The album Otis received the most notoriety for was his second Epic Records release in 1971 Freedom Flight which featured his hit Strawberry Letter 23 .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Harvard Medical School	Boston	Arnold Seymour Relman M.D. ( b. 1923 New York City New York ) is a professor of medicine social medicine and emeritus at Harvard Medical School Boston Massachusetts .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	State	Robert Zoellick	This week US Deputy Secretary of State Robert Zoellick who is currently shuttling in Sudan told the splintered SLM that it has to go to the talks as united if progress has to be made .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Sheldon Whitehouse	Rhode Island	It was sponsored by three Democratic senators Dianne Feinstein of California Sheldon Whitehouse of Rhode Island and Russ Feingold of Wisconsin and a Republican Chuck Hagel of Nebraska .
no_relation	Georgia	Amy Ray	Daemon Records is an Atlanta Georgia based not-for-profit independent record label started by musician Amy Ray of the Indigo Girls .
per:title(e2,e1)	Governor	Thomas Lee	Baucus was elected to the U.S. Senate on November 7 1978 for the term beginning January 3 1979 but was subsequently appointed to the seat by Montana's Democratic Governor Thomas Lee Judge on December 15 1978 to fill the brief vacancy created by Senator Paul G. Hatfield's resignation .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Italy	Amintore Fanfani	jpg | France Mitterrand President File : Bundesarchiv B 145 Bild-F074398-0021 Bonn Pressekonferenz Bundestagswahlkampf Kohl.jpg | Germany Helmut Kohl Chancellor File : Amintore Fanfani.JPG | Italy Amintore Fanfani Prime Minister File : Yasuhiro Nakasone in Andrews cropped.jpg | Japan Yasuhiro Nakasone Prime Minister File : Margaret Thatcher.png | United Kingdom Margaret Thatcher Prime Minister File : Official Portrait of President Reagan 1981 .
org:top_members/employees(e2,e1)	Hayao Miyazaki	studio Ghibli	In 2013 a velvet worm species Eoperipatus totoro recently discovered in Vietnam was named after Totoro : Following the request of Pavel V. Kvartalnov Eduard A. Galoyan and Igor V. Palko the species is named after the main character of the cartoon movie My Neighbour Totoro by Hayao Miyazaki ( 1988 studio Ghibli ) who uses a many-legged animal as a vehicle which according to the collectors resembles a velvet worm .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Anote Tong.Phil Mercer	Kiribati	There were 146 candidates in the first round including all 44 sitting MPs among them President Anote Tong.Phil Mercer Kiribati voters go to the polls BBC News 22 August 2007 .
org:top_members/employees(e1,e2)	Green Party	Peter Eriksson	But Green Party leaders Peter Eriksson and Maria Wetterstrand who campaigned with the Social Democrats and the ex-communist Left Party said they did n't feel they had the mandate from voters to enter into a close collaboration with the center-right .
per:spouse(e1,e2)	Susan Stranks	Robin Ray	Married to children's TV presenter Susan Stranks from 1960 Robin Ray died from lung cancer at the age of 64 in 1998 .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Hainan Airlines	Hainan	Hainan Airlines was established in October 1989 as Hainan Province Airlines in Hainan the largest special economy zone in China .
no_relation	Bathurst	Yvon Godin	She was the Liberal candidate for the Canadian House of Commons in the riding of Acadie Bathurst in the 2006 federal election but finished second to Yvon Godin of the New Democratic Party .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Idi Amin	Saudi Arabia	In more recent times a number of kings and dictators have been granted sanctuary abroad in return for relinquishing power : Mohammad Zahir Shah was exiled from Afghanistan to Italy ; Ferdinand Marcos fled the Philippines for Hawaii ; Baby Doc Duvalier fled Haiti for France ; Mengisthu Haile Miriam fled Ethiopia for Zimbabwe ; Charles Taylor fled Liberia for exile in Nigeria ; and Idi Amin fled Uganda for Libya and later settled in Saudi Arabia .
per:title(e2,e1)	minister	Frank Heemskerk	Premier Jan Peter Balkenende would be accompanied on the trip from October 23-29 by Foreign Minister Maxime Verhagen Agriculture Minister Gerda Verburg and Deputy Economic Affairs minister Frank Heemskerk said a statement .
per:country_of_birth(e1,e2)	Rodrigo Alejandro Bueno	Argentina	Rodrigo Alejandro Bueno was born on May 24 1973 in Cordoba Argentina as the first of three brothers .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Alfred Apaka	Hawaii	Industrialist Henry J. Kaiser stepped into the picture and forever fused the name of Alfred Apaka with that of Hawaii .
no_relation	2007	Tianjin Television	began in 2007 as the project of at least six television stations : Hunan Economic TV Station China Central Television Shenzhen TV Tianjin Television China Shaanxi TV Station and Guangdong TV .
no_relation	Stockholm	September	The Stockholm All Share index meanwhile dropped 1.39 percent at 989.7 points its first close below the mark since September 2006 .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Educated Rapper	UTFO	Educated Rapper originally matriculated from City College of New York before UTFO signed their first record deal with Select Records .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Sheffield Hallam University	United Kingdom	After obtaining a Bachelor's Degree in Journalism Mohaideen worked as a script writer before moving to directing.Mohaideen obtained his Master of Art in Film and Television Fiction from Sheffield Hallam University United Kingdom in the year 1997 .
per:title(e2,e1)	President	Mahinda Rajapaksa	A government statement says Zardari arrived Saturday and will hold talks with President Mahinda Rajapaksa and other senior officials .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Finland	University of Helsinki	Markku Jalmari Kivinen ( born June 5 1951 in Helsinki Finland ) is a professor of sociology and the director of the Aleksanteri Institute of the University of Helsinki Finland since 1996 .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Barbara Boxer	California	The head of the Senate's environmental committee Democrat Barbara Boxer of California has asked the Justice Department to determine whether BP made false and misleading claims about its ability to prevent a serious oil spill .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Tasmania	Tasmanian Tigers	Nicholas John Allanby ( born 24 August 1957 in Hobart Tasmania ) was an Australian cricket player who played for the Tasmanian Tigers .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Orange Twin Records	Mangum	There were plans to release a rarities album on Orange Twin Records ; its cancellation was subsequently announced in 2005 on Orange Twin's website which stated that Mangum decided against the project .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	England	Winslet	It becomes easy to understand how Field felt when once Little Children was done he took a print to England where Mendes and Winslet have a house to show his star the movie .
no_relation	Anandabazar Patrika	Chittagong	On 19 October Jivatram Bhagwandas Kripalani the president-elect of Indian National Congress Sarat Chandra Bose the Member-in-Charge of Works Mines and Power in the Interim Government Surendra Mohan Ghosh the President of Bengal Provincial Congress Committee Sucheta Kripalani Major General A. C. Chatterjee Kumar Debendra Lal Khan and the editor of Anandabazar Patrika flew to Chittagong at the suggestion of Mohandas Gandhi .
per:cities_of_residence(e2,e1)	Le Mans	Fillon	Having lived all his life in the Le Mans area and now representing it politically Fillon is an enthusiastic supporter of the city's famous 24 hour sportscar race which he has attended nearly every year since he was a small child .
org:alternate_names(e1,e2)	22nd Marine Expeditionary Unit	MEU	Between deployment on June 2 2004 and June 17 2004 taskforce 1/6 BLT of the 22nd Marine Expeditionary Unit ( or MEU ) engaged Taliban and other anti-coalition forces in both Oruzgan Province and Zabul Province culminating in the Dai Chopan region of Afghanistan .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Alitalia	Rome	Alitalia Flight 4128 was a scheduled flight from Leonardo da Vinci Airport in Rome Italy to Palermo International Airport in Palermo Italy with 129 on board .
no_relation	Medtronic	Medictronic	And in all of those papers at least one author had a financial relationship with Medtronic Inc. the maker of device which delivers bone growth protein . . The median amount of money per paper paid by Medictronic to scientists was $ 12 million to $ 16 million according th the Spine Journal paper .
org:members(e2,e1)	Ames Brothers	Coral	A year later when the ban was lifted the Ames Brothers were the first artists to record for Coral Records .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Ho Chi Minh	Vietnam	Ho Chi Minh did not only devote all his life to the national liberation cause of Vietnam but also to the fight against the rule and oppression of the colonialism and the struggle for peace national independence democracy and friendship among peoples in the globe said Trong .
per:cities_of_residence(e2,e1)	Jakarta	Sutan Sjahrir	A strike on Jakarta was delayed by fog ; this may have saved the life of Indonesian Prime Minister Sutan Sjahrir as he left the city on board a C-47 Dakota transport at about the time the Kittyhawks were originally scheduled to arrive .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Sweden	his	She became the first wife of Prince Gustaf Adolf of Sweden and his Duchess of Scania on 15 June 1905 .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Anwar El Sadat	Egypt	Under these conditions the Shah and Empress again made an appeal to President Anwar El Sadat to return to Egypt ( for her part Empress Farah writes that this plea was made through a conversation between herself and Jehan Al Sadat ) .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Central Military Commission	Hua	During his four years as the chairman of the CPC Central Committee and Central Military Commission Hua worked with other senior Party leaders to restore the country's political and economic life and started correcting cases of officials who were wronged during the Cultural Revolution .
org:city_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Brampton	Turner Fenton Secondary School	Born in Georgetown Guyana Allen emigrated to Canada first to Brampton where he attended Turner Fenton Secondary School and then to Malton where he went to Ascension of Our Lord Secondary School .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Japan	Suzuki	Japan ' s Suzuki leads women at Four Continents .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Oswego High School	Oswego	She attended Summit County High School in Frisco Colorado Glencoe High School in Hillsboro Oregon Lake Oswego High School in Lake Oswego Oregon and Grant High School in Portland Oregon .
per:title(e2,e1)	guitarist	Scotty Moore	On January 10 1956 Presley recorded his first session for RCA with guitarist Scotty Moore bassist Bill Black and drummer D. J. Fontana .
per:country_of_birth(e1,e2)	Odinga	Kenya	Odinga was born in January 1945 in Maseno Nyanza Province of Kenya the second son of nine children of the late Jaramogi Oginga Odinga who was Kenya's vice - president and doyen of opposition and Mama Mary Emma Odinga .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Cyprus	European Central Bank	On 25 June 2012 the day when Fitch downgraded bonds issued by Cyprus to BB + which disqualified them from being accepted as collateral by the European Central Bank the Cypriot government requested a bailout from the European Financial Stability Facility or the European Stability Mechanism .
no_relation	Madhya Pradesh	Vikram University	Born in Mandsaur in Madhya Pradesh in 1946 he studied B.Sc. MA. LL.B. Ph.D at Vikram University Ujjain .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Bowie High School	Arizona	Bowie High School is a high school in Bowie Arizona .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Kenya	Jomo Kenyatta	The Mara Triangle is easy to access by plane with its two airstrips ( Serena airstrip and Kichwa Tembo aistrip ) and with daily scheduled flights connecting the Mara Triangle with other parks and reserves in Kenya the Kenyan coast ( Mombasa Diani Malindi ) and Nairobi ( Jomo Kenyatta airport or Wilson airport ) .
no_relation	He	Kansas	He later graduated from the University of Kansas in 1992 with a B.A. in Theater and Film whilst also attained his pilot's license and is a member of the Phi Gamma Delta fraternity .
per:cities_of_residence(e2,e1)	Shreveport	his	Cliburn was born in Shreveport in northwestern Louisiana and at age three began taking piano lessons from his mother the former Rildia Bee O'Bryan who had studied under Arthur Friedheim Arthur Friedheim ( 1859-1932 ) a pupil of Franz Liszt .
per:spouse(e1,e2)	his	Tammy Grimes	Taylor has no children of her own ; her stepdaughter is the actress Amanda Plummer ( born 1957 ) Plummer daughter from his first marriage to Tammy Grimes .
per:spouse(e1,e2)	Scott Carpenter	Florence Noxon Carpenter	Born in Boulder Colorado Carpenter moved to New York City with his parents Marion Scott Carpenter and Florence Noxon Carpenter for the first two years of his life .
no_relation	Elizabeth Bowes-Lyon	Queen	The company's website suggests four possibilities : Elizabeth Bowes-Lyon mother of Queen Elizabeth II ( which seems unlikely as she did not come to public prominence until marrying the Duke of York in 1923 ) ; Betty Lupton former manager of the Harrogate Spa ; the daughter of a previous occupant of the Harrogate premises who died of tuberculosis ; or a small child who interrupted a meeting at which the choice of name was being discussed .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	she	SWT	Once ready to face school again she returned to Texas and got a degree in Public Relations from SWT .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	HM-15	Naval Station Norfolk	Helicopter Mine Countermeasures Squadron 15 ( HM-15 ) is a United States Navy helicopter squadron based at Naval Station Norfolk Virginia .
org:founded_by(e1,e2)	It	Dean Zelinsky	It was founded in 1976 by Dean Zelinsky in Chicago Illinois and is currently under the ownership of Armadillo Enterprises in Tampa Florida .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Prachanda	Nepal	Pushpa Kamal Dahal Prachanda the first elected prime minister of Federal Democratic Republic of Nepal and chairman of the Communist Party of Nepal ( Maoist ) ( CPN-M ) on Saturday left capital Kathmandu for Beijing China .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Gandhi	India	Gandhi the president of the Indian National Congress is in the country to consolidate political economic trade and cultural relations between India and South Africa .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	West Virginia State University	Booker T. Washington Park	Malden is home to the West Virginia State University owned Booker T. Washington Park .
org:members(e2,e1)	Palembang	Parameswara	The Sejarah Melayu recounts that a Srivijayan ' Prince ruled Palembang with the title of Sri Maharaja Sang Utama Parameswara Batara Sri Tri Buana ( also known as Sang Nila Utama ) .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Franklin Pierce	New Hampshire	said John D. Hutson a former Navy judge advocate general now the dean of the Franklin Pierce Law Center in New Hampshire .
org:alternate_names(e1,e2)	Southern California Institute of Architecture	SCI-Arc	After a falling out with university administrators a group went on to form the Southern California Institute of Architecture ( SCI-Arc ) in 1972 .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Midlake	Denton	Writer Jude Rogers who spent a few days following the lads from rising-star band Midlake around their hometown of Denton declared that the North Texas city is fast becoming an American musical heartland where something is happening .
org:members(e2,e1)	Florida Atlantic University	NCAA	The 2013 Florida Atlantic Owls football team represented Florida Atlantic University in the 2013 NCAA Division I FBS football season .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Birmingham	England	The New Technology Institute Birmingham ( abbreviated to NTI Birmingham ) is a building training centre and media studio located in the Learning and Leisure Zone of the Eastside of Birmingham England .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Giaconda	Australia	The Giaconda vineyard was noted as Australia 's most important vineyard and was listed in first place of twenty five top vineyards by Australian Sommelier Magazine .
org:alternate_names(e1,e2)	People	Partido Popular	He was a member of the People 's Party ( Spain ) | Partido Popular ( PP ) .
per:country_of_birth(e1,e2)	Kami	Japan	is a Japanese manga artist born 13 January 1955 in the town of Nakaniida ( now Kami ) Kami District Miyagi Prefecture Japan though he currently lives in the city of Sendai .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Mexico	David Alfaro Siqueiros	He traveled to Mexico where met and compared notes with his friends Diego Rivera and David Alfaro Siqueiros amongst others and in 1957 he exhibited his work at the palace of fine art in Mexico City .
per:origin(e2,e1)	Ugandan	Idi Amin	Whitaker 45 is nominated for a best-actor Oscar for his role as Ugandan dictator Idi Amin in The Last King of Scotland .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Australia	National Basketball League	The Australian Basketball Association often abbreviated to the ABA is the second-tiered semi-professional men's and women's basketball minor leagues in Australia which sit under the professional National Basketball League ( NBL ) and Women's National Basketball League ( WNBL ) .
org:founded_by(e1,e2)	airline	Grupo Marsans	The airline was founded as del Sur in 2004 by Grupo Marsans and started operations in December 2004 after receiving approval from the Chilean civil aviation authorities in November 2004 .
org:members(e2,e1)	Virginia Commonwealth University	Division I	The VCU Rams men's basketball team represents Virginia Commonwealth University in National Collegiate Athletic Association Division I men's basketball competitions .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Antonio Saca	El Salvador	They included Canada's Ambassador Michael Wilson and presidents Michelle Bachelet of Chile Alvaro Uribe of Colombia Oscar Arias of Costa Rica Leonel Fernandez of the Dominican Republic Antonio Saca of El Salvador Alvaro Colom of Guatemala Felipe Calderon of Mexico Martin Torrijos of Panama and Peru Vice President Luis Giampietri the White House said .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	National Institute of Mental Health	Bethesda	From Autumn 1954 to the end of 1957 Goffman was a visiting member of the Laboratory of Socio-environmental Studies of the National Institute of Mental Health in Bethesda Maryland and did some brief studies of ward behavior in the National Institutes of Health Clinical Center .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Radovan Karad?i	he Republika Srps	He co-founded the Bosnian Serb nationalist Serbian Democratic Party ( SDS ) with Radovan Karad?i ? Retrieved 26 July 2010 and between 1990 and 1992 he was the speaker of the National Assembly of t he Republika Srps ka and between June and December 1992 a member of the expanded Presidency of the Bosnian Serb Republic .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Australian Quarantine and Inspection Service	Australia	He enthusiastically joined with the Australian Quarantine and Inspection Service to promote Australia 's strict quarantine/customs requirements with advertisements and posters featuring slogans such as Quarantine Matters !
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Interior	Carl Schurz	His efforts in reforming the pension system were rewarded with a letter of thanks from the Secretary of the Interior Carl Schurz .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Carroll University	Waukesha	Carroll University is a private liberal arts college affiliated with the Presbyterian Church USA located in Waukesha in the U.S. state of Wisconsin .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e2,e1)	Arizona	tuff	Located in the Superstition Mountains east of Phoenix Arizona Weaver's Needle was created when a thick layer of tuff ( fused volcanic ash ) was heavily eroded creating the spire as an erosional remnant with a summit elevation of 4553 ft. It is set in a desert landscape of cactus and mesquite bush with large Saguaro cacti particularly prominent .
org:members(e2,e1)	Tennessee Volunteers	University of Tennessee	The 1979 Tennessee Volunteers football team ( variously Tennessee UT or the Vols ) represented the University of Tennessee in the 1979 NCAA Division I-A football season .
no_relation	school	Chatsworth	The school has three houses : Chatsworth Haddon Kedleston .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	New Jersey	Theodore Frelinghuysen	lawyer and New Jersey politician ; Theodore Frelinghuysen ( 1787 1862 ) ; and Frederick Frelinghuysen ( 1788-1820 ) .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Tyrone Guthrie	Ireland	Sir William Tyrone Guthrie ( 2 July 1900 15 May 1971 ) was an English theatrical director instrumental in the founding of the Stratford Festival of Canada the Guthrie Theater in Minneapolis Minnesota and the Tyrone Guthrie Centre at his family's ancestral home Annaghmakerrig near Newbliss in County Monaghan Ireland .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Air	Mariehamn	Air AB was the provincial airline of with its head office on the grounds of Mariehamn Airport in Mariehamn Finland .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Mitchell	Ohio	Mitchell served as the Register in Bankruptcy President of the Columbus City Council and as the Ohio pension commissioner .
org:founded_by(e2,e1)	Pierre Panos	Fresh to Order	Founded by restaurateur Pierre Panos in 2005 Fresh to Order opened its first location in 2006 and currently has six locations open in multiple states .
per:title(e2,e1)	artist	BT	If the Stars are Eternal So are You and I is the seventh studio album by composer and electronica artist BT and was released on June 19 2012 in tandem with Morceau Subrosa BT's eighth studio album .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	France	Grappelli	Her first big break as a professional vocalist came in 1947 when she sang in The Hot Club of France with two jazz legends : guitarist Django Reinhardt and violinist Grappelli .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	It	Greece	It is the only 24/7 Movie service in Greece and it launched in 1994 .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Belgium	Paul-Henri Spaak	Paul Janson was the father of future Prime Minister of Belgium Janson and Marie Janson ( later Spaak ) first female member of the Belgian parliament mother of Prime Minister Paul-Henri Spaak .
no_relation	Draghi	Italy	Since January inflation has been slightly below 2 percent ; it may temporarily rise above this value in the coming months influenced by the recent price rise of energy products Draghi who is the governor of the Bank of Italy said in a speech to the Italian Banking Association .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Omar al-Bashir	Sudan	Incumbent Sudanese President Omar al-Bashir won the presidential elections the first multi - party votes in 24 years Sudan 's electoral commission announced Monday .
no_relation	Botswana	BBF	The Botswana Bridge Federation ( BBF ) was founded in 1988 and continues to organize tournaments .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Apse	Acuarela Discos	Apse ( pronounced apps ) was an American rock band signed to the UK label ATP Recordings http://www.atpfestival.com/atp-recordings/ and Spanish label Acuarela Discos .
no_relation	50th Armored Division	New Jersey	The 42d Infantry Division absorbed the units of the 26th Infantry Division and the 50th Armored Division of the Massachusetts and New Jersey Army National Guard respectively in post-Cold War restructuring .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Ma Ying-jeou	Kuomintang	Hu Jintao top leader of the Communist Party of China ( CPC ) sent a congratulatory message on Monday to Taiwan's Ma Ying-jeou who was elected chairman of the Kuomintang ( KMT ) Sunday sources from the CPC Central Committee said .
org:alternate_names(e2,e1)	Georgia	Wesleyan College	When the seminary was closed the students including Brewer entered Georgia Female College ( now Wesleyan College ) in 1839 .
no_relation	Tom Morello	The Nightwatchman	Mary Morello is also the mother of guitar player Tom Morello of Rage Against the Machine Audioslave The Nightwatchman and Street Sweeper Social Club .
per:spouse(e2,e1)	Judith of Swabia	W?adys?aw I Herm	She was the second daughter of Judith of Swabia and W?adys?aw I Herm an .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	?eljko	he Presiden	?eljko ? a Croat member of t he Presiden cy of Bosnia and Herzegovina had written a letter to the Swedish authorities in September 2008 urging them not to release stating that any act of mercy would be big mistake and an insult to the victims and families of the victims .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	Mathematics Department	University of Waterloo	Lee Dickey Mathematics Department University of Waterloo Waterloo Ontario Canada 2NL 3G1 .
org:city_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Evansville	University of Southern Indiana	Evansville has two universities that field teams for the NCAA : the University of Evansville ( Purple Aces ) and University of Southern Indiana ( Screaming Eagles ) .
org:city_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Shanghai	Fudan University	It's negative for small and medium-sized exporters like factory owners who worry about higher operating costs and lower profits said Sun Lijian an economist at Shanghai 's Fudan University .
no_relation	He	France	He renewed the dispirited morale of France persuaded the allies to agree to a unified command and pushed the war vigorously until the final victory .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	CFGC	China	The CFGC is also the only importer of foreign movies in China and a major exporter of Chinese films .
org:members(e2,e1)	OCBC Securities Private Limited	Singapore Exchange	OCBC Securities Private Limited is a wholly owned subsidiary of OCBC Bank and is a member of the Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited ( SGX-ST ) and the Singapore Exchange Derivatives Trading Limited ( SGX-DT ) .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Epicenter Studios	Sherman Oaks	Epicenter Studios based in Sherman Oaks California is a video game developer founded by talent from among other titles the commercially successful critically acclaimed Call of Duty franchise .
org:founded(e2,e1)	19 December 1990	r Army of the Republic of Bosnia and Herzegovin	On 19 December 1990 Alija Izetbegovi? and the SDA party alarmed by the SDS's secessionists attitudes discussed forming an independent Bosnian army late r Army of the Republic of Bosnia and Herzegovin a .
per:spouse(e1,e2)	Rivera	Tony Mordente	On December 1 1957 Rivera married dancer Tony Mordente .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Alison Redford	Alberta	Justice Minister Alison Redford won the following leadership contest on October 2 2011 and was sworn in as Premier on October 7 2011 becoming Alberta 's first female Premier .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Bob Dylan	Columbia	Dylan the Dead is a collaborative live album by Bob Dylan and the Grateful Dead released in 1989 by Columbia Records .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Ontario	Frank Miller	He served in the Legislative Assembly of Ontario from 1975 to 1987 and was a cabinet minister in the governments of Bill Davis and Frank Miller .
per:country_of_birth(e1,e2)	Auguste Comte	France	Auguste Comte was born in Montpellier in southern France on 19 January 1798 .
org:members(e2,e1)	club	Division	The club was promoted in each of the following seasons bar one until reaching the FA Women's Premier League Northern Division in 2002 .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	Tales of the Supernatural Volume	Fantom	April 2007 also saw the release of Tales of the Supernatural Volume One an audiobook presentation by Fantom Films featuring the James stories Lost Hearts read by Geoffrey Bayldon Rats and Number 13 by Ian Fairbairn with Gareth David-Lloyd reading Casting the Runes and There Was a Man Dwelt by a Churchyard .
per:title(e2,e1)	President	Hosni Mubarak	Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak on Tuesday ordered the opening of the Rafah border crossing to allow humanitarian aid into the Gaza Strip the official MENA agency reported .
no_relation	Mmhmm	Columbus	Though he left the band in August 2004 he returned to play with the band during their CD release show for Mmhmm on November 1 2004 at the Newport Music Hall in Columbus Ohio .
no_relation	Guy Sebastian	Jimmy Barnes	Some of the performers on board have been : David Campbell ( 2007 ) Human Nature ( 2006 ) Guy Sebastian ( 2005 ) Jimmy Barnes ( 2004 ) John Paul Young ( 2003 ) Marcia Hines ( 2002 ) John Williamson ( 2001 ) and Nikki Webster ( 2000 ) .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	Puyallup High School	Puyallup School District	Puyallup High School is a high school in the Puyallup School District in Pierce County Washington state commonly referred to as PHS .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	It	Netherlands	It is regarded as one of the most prestigious art schools in the Netherlands and the number 1 in Advertising and Copywriting .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Abraham Lincoln	United States	Those years -- between 1860 when this man Abraham Lincoln was beginning his campaign for president of the United States and February 1865 when he was just two months away from being murdered -- seem to have carved the flesh from his cheeks hollowed out the eye sockets more decisively than any sculptor's thumb and dug lines and pockets in aging sallow flesh .
org:alternate_names(e2,e1)	Universidad Piloto de Colombia	Pilot University of Colombia	In 2002 there were a total of 106 higher education institutions ; in there are several universities most partially or fully accredited by the NAC ( National Accreditation Council ) : National University of Colombia University of the Andes Colombia District University of La Sabana University Pontifical Xavierian University Our Lady of the Rosary University Universidad Externado de Colombia Military University Nueva Granada University of America Sergio Arboleda University Jorge Tadeo Lozano University Universidad Piloto de Colombia ( Pilot University of Colombia ) Catholic University of Colombia Santo de Aquino University and La Salle University .
per:title(e1,e2)	Anderson	singer	The album title according to Anderson referred to a fresh start a new band and a new fresh outlook the singer had been addicted to heroin and crack cocaine which was having an increasingly deleterious effect on his health .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Albert Ho	Democratic Party	Hong Kong does not have a rendition treaty with mainland China so should not have transferred dissident Zhou Yongjun to the Chinese city of Shenzhen in September last year Albert Ho head of Hong Kong's Democratic Party told AFP .
org:top_members/employees(e2,e1)	Chief	ROK Navy	The Chief of Naval Operations ( CNO ) is the highest-ranking officer of the ROK Navy .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Liberia	Taylor	The Liberian civil war began in 1989 when the National Patriotic Front of Liberia launched its first offensive and ended in 2003 when Taylor -- who had been elected president -- was forced into exile .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Stoke Mandeville Hospital	England	Following spinal injury in 1960 disabled left leg Stoke Mandeville Hospital Rehabilitation Centre Aylesbury England .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Smith	South Africa	Smith enrolled at Rhodes University in Grahamstown South Africa in 1938 where he began coursework towards a Bachelor of Commerce degree .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	General Electric	Engine Alliance	Rolls-Royce and Pratt Whitney also have a joint venture International Aero Engines specializing in engines for the Airbus A320 family whilst finally Pratt Whitney and General Electric have a joint venture Engine Alliance marketing a range of engines for aircraft such as the Airbus A380 .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Ateneo de Naga University	Camarines Sur	The Ateneo de Naga University is a private university run by the Society of Jesus in Naga City in the province of Camarines Sur Philippines .
no_relation	Samuel Leonard Tilley	Canada	The 20th-century usage of the term Dominion can be traced to a suggestion by Samuel Leonard Tilley at the London Conference of 1866 discussing the confederation of three of the British North American possessions the Province of Canada ( subsequently becoming the Province of Ontario and the Province of Quebec ) Nova Scotia and New Brunswick into One Dominion under the Name of Canada the first federation internal to the British Empire .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	Griffith College Cork	HETAC	In 2008 the Leinster School of Music Drama a constituent School of Griffith College at Griffith College Cork are running the Higher Diploma in Arts in Music Education ( HETAC ) as well the Leinster Schools Associate and Licentiate programmes as Certificates in Music Education which are certified under HETAC's Accumulation of Credits and Certification of Subjects scheme ( ACCS ) .
org:founded(e1,e2)	Eagle	1998	These three areas together are known as the Resort development.Binole Gina and Brian K. Miller Eagle Crest : more than putting along Portland Business Journal Portland Oregon 1 may 1998 .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	winner	Ontario	The winner was Helen Johns of the Progressive Conservative Party of Ontario .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Ghana	Kwame Nkrumah University of Science and Technology	The first optometrist school in Ghana started at the department of Physics Kwame Nkrumah University of Science and Technology in 1992 .
org:founded(e1,e2)	Colleyville Heritage Panther Band	1996	The Colleyville Heritage Panther Band has enjoyed a colorful past dating back to the creation of CHHS in 1996 .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Hillcrest High School	Illinois	Clark played quarterback and linebacker at Hillcrest High School in Country Club Hills Illinois where he was All-conference as a quarterback and linebacker .
no_relation	Democratic Party	Albert Ho	Democratic Party chairman Lee Wing Tat claimed that the attack was likely to be related to a lawsuit Albert Ho was then working on and had nothing to do with politics .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Jeremiah S. Black	State	It has significance in United States political history primarily because former Secretary of State Jeremiah S. Black resigned as defending counsel in the impeachment trial of President Andrew Johnson in 1868 when the latter would not order Secretary of State William H. Seward to approve the claim .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	Tata Steel	Tata Group	Tata Steel part of the sprawling Tata Group conglomerate was catapulted to eighth-biggest steelmaker from 56th after purchasing Anglo-Dutch company Corus for 13.7 billion dollars two years ago .
no_relation	California	Edwin Hawkins	Hawkins who was battling pancreatic cancer passed away at his home in Ripon California his older brother Edwin Hawkins said .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Afghanistan	Afghan National Army	Australia has some soldiers in Afghanistan working alongside the Dutch in southern Uruzgan province mostly training Afghan National Army soldiers .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Starr	Atlantic	Following the end of his contract with EMI Starr signed on with Polydor Records ( which once signed a pre-Ringo Beatles as the backing band of Tony Sheridan ) worldwide ( Atlantic Records handling US distribution ) and was eager to see his solo success continue on in a new era .
org:top_members/employees(e1,e2)	Gome	Huang Guangyu	Chen 51 was appointed as Gome Chairman on Jan. 16 2009 shortly after being appointed as Acting Chairman on Nov. 27 of 2008 after former Gome chairman Huang Guangyu was detained by Beijing police in suspect of illegal business dealings insider trading and corporate bribery .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Noble and Greenough School	Dedham	He's been a journalist since he joined the newspaper staff at Noble and Greenough School in Dedham Mass. which incidentally is one of 19 day schools recommended in the Teach Your Children Swell section of the handbook .
per:spouse(e2,e1)	Bun Rany	Hun Sen	Presiding over the ceremony Bun Rany spouse of Cambodian Prime Minister Hun Sen and Chairman of Cambodian Red Cross said the government her Cambodian Red Cross as well as other national and international organizations are committed to continue helping and supporting all activities that help combating this deadly disease .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Shady	Cashis	On December 5 2006 Eminem released Eminem Presents the Re-Up a mixtape-turned-album created to promote Shady Records ' newest members : Stat Quo Creekwater and Cashis .
org:members(e2,e1)	University of Missouri	Big 12	MU business college graduate named new system president St. Louis Post-Dispatch December 13 2011 Among the events that occurred on his watch was the decision in 2011 for its flagship University of Missouri school to move from the Big 12 Conference ( which it had a relationship from its predecessor in 1907 ) to the Southeastern Conference .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	he	Gabon	Bongo has been criticized for staying in power longer than any other African head of state but he has also won praise for keeping Gabon peaceful .
no_relation	Laurence Irving	Henry Irving	The mill last worked circa 1905 and in 1928 was converted into a studio by the artist Laurence Irving the grandson of Sir Henry Irving .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Ecuador	Rafael Correa	Ecuador 's President Rafael Correa has arrived at the presidential palace safely from a hospital where he was held amid police protests local media said .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Montenegro	nce in Monteneg	Coalition for European Montenegro ( Montenegrin : ? Koalicija za Evropsku Crnu Goru ) is the ruling political allia nce in Monteneg ro headed by Milo ?ukanovi?'s Democratic Party of Socialists ( DPS ) .
no_relation	Magic	1995	In 2005 a documentary about the Mystics was created to celebrate the 50th anniversary of the organization.Notes From the Magic Castle 8/16/05 : Long Beach Mystics In 1995 he received the John Nevil Maskelyne Award for literature by the Magic Circle of London .
org:top_members/employees(e1,e2)	Hustler	Larry Flynt	Hustler magazine ' s publisher Larry Flynt says he is investigating sexual activities of lawmakers .
no_relation	JEF United Ichihara Chiba	Japan Handball League	He is also brother of Japan national team and JEF United Ichihara Chiba star Seiichiro Maki and Japan Handball League OMRON's European handball Team's Karina Maki .
no_relation	Secretary	Donna Shalala	Among the officials from former President Bill Clinton's Democratic administration who joined Bush were chief of staff Mack McLarty former Commerce Secretary Bill Daley former Health and Human Services Secretary Donna Shalala and former Agriculture Secretary Dan Glickman .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Jean-Jacques Bertrand	Quebec	Jean-Jacques Bertrand ( ; June 20 1916 February 22 1973 ) was the 21st Premier of Quebec Canada from October 2 1968 to May 12 1970 .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	McDonnell Douglas	Missouri	The Japan Air Self-Defense Force acquired 203 F-15Js and 20 F-15DJs of which 2 F-15Js and 12 F-15DJs were built by McDonnell Douglas in St. Louis Missouri .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Japan	Emperor Meiji	He and his wife Wanda von Mohl ( Countess von der Groeben ) served with the Japanese Imperial Household Ministry in Tokyo Japan to introduce European Court ceremonials and protocols to Japanese Emperor Meiji and his court .
per:cities_of_residence(e2,e1)	Perth	the Triffids	The Blackeyed Susans was formed in Perth in 1989 as a side project for Martha's Vineyard Chad's Tree and the Triffids members including David McComb .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Exchequer	Brown	Chancellor of the Exchequer Brown said Queen Elizabeth II had approved his recommendation for crowns marking her eldest son and heir's birthday and also the 450th anniversary of queen Elizabeth I's accession .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Salmon P. Chase	Treasury	He appointed two other political adversaries as well : Salmon P. Chase a handsome widower and Ohio's governor who resented losing to a man he considered inferior as secretary of the Treasury ; and Edwin M. Stanton a long-bearded Democratic lawyer contemptuous of Lincoln whom Lincoln inherited as his attorney general but later appointed as secretary of war .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Nepal	Prachanda	However on 3 February 2011 the Unified Communist Party of Nepal ( Maoist ) ( Nepal's largest party ) withdrew its candidate Pushpa Kamal Dahal ( Prachanda ) and backed Khanal who as a result became the third Prime Minister of Nepal since it became a republic in 2008 .
per:title(e1,e2)	Alicia Keys	actress	Alicia Augello Cook ( born January 25 1980 ) known professionally as Alicia Keys is an American pianist singer-songwriter musician record producer and actress .
per:cities_of_residence(e2,e1)	Palembang	Parameswara	One example was the 14th-century rule of the Palembang prince Parameswara .
per:spouse(e2,e1)	Kamala Sankrityayan	Rahul Sankrityayan	Dr. Kamala Sankrityayan ( ) was one of the popular Hindi writer editor and Nepali scholar of the 20th century and the wife of historian Rahul Sankrityayan .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Irene Pivetti	Chamber	Irene Pivetti ( born 4 April 1963 ) is an Italian journalist and politician she was president of the Italian Chamber of Deputies from 1994 to 1996 .
org:alternate_names(e1,e2)	The Globe and Mail	Mail	She also mentioned Edward Greenspon who however as editor-in-chief of The Globe and Mail ended up defending an alleged instance of Quebec bashing in 2006 Globe and Mail columnist Jan Wong's Get under the desk .
org:members(e2,e1)	Notre Dame Fighting Irish	University of Notre Dame	The 2013 14 Notre Dame Fighting Irish men's basketball team will represent the University of Notre Dame during the 2013 14 NCAA Division I men's basketball season .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	European Central Bank	Frankfurt	Europoint also commissioned the illuminated Euro sign that stands outside the European Central Bank in Frankfurt .
org:alternate_names(e2,e1)	Providence	Providence College	The 2003 04 Providence Friars men's basketball team represented Providence College in the Big East Conference .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Tata Tea	India	Tata Tea is the biggest-selling tea brand in India Tetley is the second biggest-selling tea brand in the United Kingdom and Canada and the second biggest-selling in the United StatesTata Tea Company Profile and JEM?A is the biggest-selling tea brand in the Czech Republic. : Tetley.com : Tata Global Beverages ventured into the Indian cafe market with a 50/50 joint venture with Starbucks Coffee Company .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Bud Shank	Four	From 1974 to 1982 Brown performed and recorded a series of albums with guitarist Laurindo Almeida saxophonist and flutist Bud Shank and drummer Shelly Manne ( replaced by Jeff Hamilton after 1977 ) under the name The L.A. Four .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Canada	Alma Duncan	He did stop working designing philatelic materials for Canada Post such as a stamp with the artist Alma Duncan first-day covers for the Paul Kane and British Columbia centennial stamps and writing and hosting a program for CBC TV entitled Calligraphy : My Love Affair with the Alphabet .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Louis Malle	France	1987 : Au Revoir les Enfants ( Goodbye Children ) by Louis Malle ( France ) .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Northern India Engineering College	Delhi	Northern India Engineering College ( NIEC ) is an engineering college in Delhi India which was established in 2003 .
org:city_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	colombia	National University of Colombia	The University City of colombia ( CUB ) also known as the White City ( ) is the flagship campus of the National University of Colombia located near Teusaquillo in Colombia .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	William Cautley	Waimea	Travers and William Cautley ( MP for Waimea ) both resigned on 26 May 1854 .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Channel NewsAsia	Singapore	NSman who stole rifle gets more than 9 years ' jail 18 strokes Channel NewsAsia Singapore 7 July 2008 .
org:members(e2,e1)	Uganda	Africa Cup	In September 2007 Obua scored a hat-trick for Uganda in an Africa Cup of Nations qualifier against Niger which Uganda won 3 1 .
no_relation	Cher	Sonny Cher	Sonny and Cher had also released three albums to Gold status in the United States those being : Look At Us in 1965 Sonny Cher Live and All I Ever Need Is You both in 1971 .
org:city_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Kerala	Kerala Police	After formation of Kerala this force became part of Kerala Police .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Gilles Duceppe	Quebec	Bloc Quebecois leader Gilles Duceppe who has also consistently voted against the government did n't say Wednesday what his party will do when Parliament resumes in two weeks but said he 'll make decisions on a case-by-case basis in the best interests of Quebec .
per:origin(e1,e2)	Ivan	Russian	At the close of 2006 Ivan was voted by thousands Russian club-goers at dj.ru as the best DJ in Russia .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Fordham University School of Law	New York	Mr. Dalton has a juris doctorate from Fordham University School of Law in New York and is a graduate of Fordham University .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Exchequer	Gordon Brown	At the close of nominations from local Labor Parties and Labor's affiliates on Friday Britain's Chancellor of the Exchequer Gordon Brown has received 407 nominations from local parties for the Labor leadership .
per:title(e2,e1)	King	Richard I of England	He subsequently excommunicated the same Henry VI for wrongfully keeping King Richard I of England in prison .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	her	Arizona	Sparks was later selected to sing the National Anthem at Super Bowl XLII which happened to take place at her hometown of Glendale Arizona .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Soundgarden	Washington	Soundgarden performed this version live on Pearl Jam's January 8 1995 Self-Pollution satellite radio broadcast a four-and-a-half hour long pirate broadcast out of Seattle Washington which was available to any radio stations that wanted to carry it .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Johan Larsson	Sweden	Johan Larsson Sparre defended the walls and the castle in the hope that the King would return to Sweden .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Salvador Allende	Chile	The 1973 Chilean coup results in President Salvador Allende being overthrown and Augusto Pinochet coming to power in Chile .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	MICROS Systems	Columbia	MICROS Systems Inc. is headquartered in Columbia Maryland USA .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Miami Hurricanes	Coral Gables	Tate was the head football coach of the Miami Hurricanes football team at the University of Miami in Coral Gables Florida from 1964 to 1970 .
org:top_members/employees(e2,e1)	Kevin C. Kiley	Army	Kevin C. Kiley a retired lieutenant general who was the Army 's surgeon general when the book was being prepared said some higher-ups in the military had been worried that the pictures could be spun politically to show the horrors of war .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Talent	Missouri	This move followed criticism by Talent 's opponent in the 2006 election Claire McCaskill as well as pressure from Missouri business interests that oppose restrictions on stem cell research .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Smith College	Massachusetts	Deborah Bergamini studied literature and philosophy and went on to study at Smith College in Northampton Massachusetts specialising in political marketing .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e2,e1)	Badakhshan	Rabbani	With support of Karzai Mojadidi ran in the first Parliamentary elections since the Taliban regime for a seat in the Badakhshan Province mostly as an opposition candidate to Rabbani who also ran in the same province .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	India	Bharti Airtel	The announcement comes two days after India 's biggest mobile service provider Bharti Airtel Ltd. said it was pulling out of talks with MTN .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e2,e1)	Puerto Rico	Rivero	In the beginning Ramos maintained continuity between his radio and television stations by signing an exclusive deal with the most famous and influential actor/comedian/producer in Puerto Rico Rivero better known as Diplo whose El Tremendo Hotel broadcast through WKAQ Radio was the most popular radio show ever in Puerto Rico .
org:founded_by(e2,e1)	Peter G. Peterson	Blackstone Group	The following is a list of current fellows at the Peterson Institute : The institute chairman is Peter G. Peterson former chairman of the Council on Foreign Relations former United States Secretary of Commerce and one of the founders of the Blackstone Group .
org:members(e2,e1)	Max Biaggi	Aprilia	Max Biaggi who rides for the Alitalia-sponsored Aprilia WSB team is the current main personal-sponsored rider and face of marketing of Sterilgarda in Italy .
org:city_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Eugene Oregon	Dynamix	During this period he also began to work with Eugene Oregon computer game company Dynamix ( later a division of Sierra Entertainment ) first as a technical writer documenting game tools then later as a creative writer on PC games .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	United States	lightning bolt	Riordan created the fictional character Percy Jackson and his travels across the United States to recover Zeus's lightning bolt .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Ireland	Tesco Ireland	The town is home to the head office of Ireland 's largest supermarket operator Tesco Ireland whose stores previously anchored both major shopping centres in the town .
org:members(e2,e1)	Spanish Army	Grande	In 1807 the Bourbon monarchs of Spain sent an expeditionary force from the regular Spanish Army to Northern Europe to serve with the French La Grande .
no_relation	Rome	Tittoni	After the March on Rome Tittoni supported Mussolini's government and later became the first president of Royal Academy of Italy ( 28 October 1929 16 September 1930 ) the most important cultural institution of the fascist dictatorship .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	he	Senate	In 1892 he was appointed as a member of the Senate 's law-drafting committee at the relatively young age of 31 .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Eastern	United States	Eastern has been repeatedly ranked in the top high schools in the United States by Newsweek .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Ekaterina Pushkash/Jonathan Guerreiro	Russia	Ekaterina Pushkash/Jonathan Guerreiro Russia 53.06 5 .
org:founded(e2,e1)	1974	Trondheim Trafikkselskap	When the new Lade Line to Lade was built in 1958 Line 2 was moved from the railway station to Lade and in 1974 the operation of the tramway was taken over by the newly created Trondheim Trafikkselskap .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	Starz	Liberty Media	Starz originally was a joint venture between TCI and Liberty Media ( both companies were controlled by John Malone ) with TCI owning a 50.1 % controlling interest in the channel.Higgins John M. TCI shuffling Starz !
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Anglo Colombian School	Bogota	The Anglo Colombian School ( Colegio Anglo-Colombiano in Spanish ) is an elite private school in Bogota Colombia and is one of Colombia's highest ranking and most exclusive private bilingual schools .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Boston and Albany Railroad	Boston	Until 2004 the line hosted several Inland Route Regional trains which continued east from Springfield along the CSX Transportation ( former Boston and Albany Railroad ) line to Boston Massachusetts .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Johns Hopkins University School of Medicine	Baltimore	During 1986 and 1987 he was Visiting Professor in the Department of Molecular Biology and Genetics at The Johns Hopkins University School of Medicine in Baltimore Md .
org:alternate_names(e2,e1)	Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation	Freddie Mac	It was charged with ensuring the capital adequacy and financial safety and soundness of two government sponsored enterprises the Federal National Mortgage Association ( Fannie Mae ) and the Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation ( Freddie Mac ) .
per:country_of_birth(e1,e2)	Gackt	Japan	Love Letter is the fifth full-length studio album originally released by Japanese solo artist Gackt on February 14 2005 in Japan .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e2,e1)	Texas	Rick Noriega	Republican Sen. John Cornyn of Texas and his opponent Democrat Rick Noriega of Houston said Monday they are suspending their campaigns including ads and events for an undetermined period .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	United Kingdom	Victoria of the United Kingdom	The succession of William IV of the United Kingdom by his niece Victoria of the United Kingdom on 20 June 1837 provides a convenient marker in the History of Britain for the rise of an industrialized society with a newly urbanized middle class the interconnection of the globe with telegraph and railway the expansion of trade the establishment of the gold standard and other programs meant to make orderly and regular the path of commerce manufacturing and economic growth .
org:alternate_names(e1,e2)	HSBC	The Hongkong and Shanghai Banking Corporation	HSBC Holdings plc was established in the United Kingdom in 1991 as the parent company to The Hongkong and Shanghai Banking Corporation in preparation for its purchase of the UK-based Midland Bank and the impending transfer of sovereignty of Hong Kong to China .
org:founded(e1,e2)	VocalTec	1989	Lior Haramaty ( born in Tel-Aviv Israel in 1966 ) is the co-founder of VocalTec Inc. ( 1989 ) and the inventor of the Audio Transceiver that enabled the creation of Voice Over Networks products and eventually the VoIP industry that changed the face of the telecommunication industry .
no_relation	Fukuda	Japan	The talks scheduled for Tuesday come just days after Fukuda 's visit to the White House in his first overseas trip since coming to power in September giving him an upfront view on Japan 's most important relationships .
org:founded_by(e1,e2)	Computer Sciences Corporation	Fletcher Jones	In 1964 Wygod became involved with Computer Sciences Corporation ( CSC ) in California run by founders Roy Nutt and Fletcher Jones .
no_relation	President	Yahya Khan	On 25 March 1969 the Second Martial Law was imposed ; President Ayub Khan abrogated the 1962 constitution and handed over power to the Army Commander-in-Chief General Agha Mohammad Yahya Khan .
org:members(e2,e1)	The Fall	Permanent	The Fall released four albums for Permanent Records between 1993 and 1995 and tracks from all of them are compiled on The Permanent Years - Paranoia Man in Cheap Shit Room ( 2006 ) .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e2,e1)	Nova Scotia	Murray	The odds were against me coming from Nova Scotia Murray 64 said in an interview .
org:founded_by(e2,e1)	Stan Kinsey	Iwerks Entertainment	Stan Kinsey is a former Disney executive and co-founder of Iwerks Entertainment along with Oscar winner and Disney legend Don Iwerks .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Florida	Bob Graham	To continue his legacy of leadership former Florida Governor and U.S. Senator Bob Graham founded the center to further his dedication to the idea that citizens need a firm grounding in democratic government to discharge their rights and responsibilities .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Saleh	Yemen	Saleh said he would remain as head of the General People's Congress Yemen 's ruling party and a number of activists demonstrated outside Hadi's residence calling for a restructuring of the military to remove Saleh's loyalists and relatives from positions of power .
org:alternate_names(e2,e1)	Gulf + Western	Paramount Communications	In 1989 Gulf + Western was re-incorporated as Paramount Communications named after the company's prime asset Paramount Pictures ( the name of which was also used for the company as a whole ) .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	he	Kentucky	During the 1972 legislative session he created the Department of Finance and Administration combining the functions of the Kentucky Program Development Office and the Department of Finance .
org:founded(e1,e2)	Lincoln High School	1869	Lincoln High School opened in 1869 during Reconstruction as the all-black school in Leon County Florida .
no_relation	Navy	Gideon Welles	Commander Collins was promptly court-martialed for the incident but soon after was restored to his command by U.S. Secretary of the Navy Gideon Welles .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Wheaton College	Illinois	Born in Germantown Pennsylvania Bayly earned his BA at Wheaton College Illinois in 1940 and then entered Faith Theological Seminary to gain his BD in 1945 .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Indonesia	Suharto	Chapters cover Indonesia under Suharto Afghanistan Iraq and Indigenous Australians .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	France	Luc Besson	Her acting continued into her later life in 2009 and 2010 playing the role of the grandmother in Arthur and the Revenge of Maltazard and Arthur and the War of Two Worlds by France 's Luc Besson ) .
org:members(e2,e1)	Louisville Cardinals	University of Louisville	The 2008 Louisville Cardinals football team represents the University of Louisville in the 2008 college football season .
per:cities_of_residence(e2,e1)	Montpelier	James Madison	The property contains two historical links to Montpelier President James Madison 's plantation home : the main entrance and the English Oak tree in the backyard .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Deng	Communist Party	But after Mao Zedong died in 1976 Deng rose to power again and he later became the most powerful figure in the Communist Party and the architect of many of the country's bold economic reforms .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Vietnam	Ho Chi Minh	Considering that 75 percent of Taiwanese businessmen investing in Vietnam are in Ho Chi Minh City and other cities nearby the bank decided to set up a liaison office there to collect business information and provide them with advisory services they said .
no_relation	Iraq	Ministry of Foreign Affairs	Chinese embassy to Iraq in Baghdad donated on Thursday a number of offices ' and educational equipment to the Foreign Service Institute which affiliated to the Iraqi Ministry of Foreign Affairs .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	Zhang Li	Guangzhou	Zhang Li ( ; Yale : Cheung1 Lik6 ; born 1953 in Guangzhou Guangdong ) is a Chinese entrepreneur and billionaire .
org:members(e2,e1)	Escuela Nacional Preparatoria	UNAM	The Escuela Nacional Preparatoria ( ) ( ENP ) the oldest senior high school system in Mexico belonging to the National Autonomous University of Mexico ( UNAM ) opened its doors on February 1 1868 .
no_relation	Jaypee Institute of Information Technology University	Noida	Some village students are studying in institutes including the TIFR Indian Institute of Technology Delhi Jaypee Institute of Information Technology University Noida ( JIIT ) Indian Institute of Technology Roorkee MNIT Punjab Engineering College Chandigarh Sawai ManSingh Medical College Jaipur Amity University Noida Indian Institute of Management Kozhikode .
org:founded_by(e2,e1)	Eizo	Irem	On April 15 1997 Nanao ( now Eizo Nanao ) founded Irem Software Engineering Inc .
no_relation	Beats By the Pound	No Limit	Beats By the Pound ( KLC Odell Craig B. and Mo B. Dick ) left No Limit after money disputes in the summer of 1999 only Carlos Stephens remained .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Franklin High School	Pennsylvania	Benjamin Franklin High School is a public high school located in Philadelphia Pennsylvania United States .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	University of Miami	Hurricanes	While attending the University of Miami Barrow played for the Miami Hurricanes football team from 1989 to 1992 .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Western Connecticut State University	Danbury	Cappiello is a graduate of Immaculate High School and attended Western Connecticut State University both in Danbury .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Bristol Community College	Fall River	Howard B. Tinberg ( born March 6 1953 ) is professor of English at Bristol Community College Fall River Massachusetts .
no_relation	Oregon Department of Transportation	Oregon	The Oregon Department of Transportation bought the right-of-way in 1974 and transferred it to the Oregon Parks and Recreation Department in 1990 .
per:country_of_birth(e1,e2)	Jawaharlal Nehru	India	His mother was Indira Gandhi -- the country's longest-serving prime minister -- and his grandfather was Jawaharlal Nehru India 's first prime minister .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Republika Srpska	Radovan Karad?i	The Dayton Agreement signed in 1995 banned the then President of Republika Srpska Radovan Karad?i ? from office and was chosen to run as the SDS candidate for President of the Republika Srpska for a two-year mandate .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Nikki Webster	Gotham	Follow Your Heart is the first album by Australian singer Nikki Webster released in Australia on 20 August 2001 ( see 2001 in music ) by Gotham Records .
no_relation	Fafara	Coal Chamber	Fafara had been planning to take his first six weeks off in 11 years but Sharon Osbourne who had managed Fafara 's previous band Coal Chamber persuaded him to appear .
no_relation	Shaukat Aziz	60	Pakistani Prime Minister Shaukat Aziz said Monday Pakistan condemned the incident of Samjhota Express in India that claimed over 60 innocent Pakistani lives and left an equal number of people injured .
per:origin(e2,e1)	British	he	Thousands of people chanted his name and waved Kosovar and British flags as he walked onto an improvised stage in the main square in the capital of Pristina .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Ingvar Carlsson	Sweden	When Ingvar Carlsson in the fall of 1995 declared that he intended to resign as leader for the Social Democratic Party and prime minister of Sweden deputy prime minister Mona Sahlin was the only one who accepted to candidate to that position .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	National Intelligence	John Michael McConnell	This additional position follows a May 2007 memorandum of agreement between Secretary of Defense Robert Gates and Director of National Intelligence John Michael McConnell to create the position .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Jean Delannoy	France	A former architectural student Bolognini began his film career as an assistant to director Luigi Zampa in Italy and directors Yves Allegret and Jean Delannoy in France .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	Damon	Salisbury	For the documentary Damon was filmed around his home town of Salisbury with Bubbles doing everyday human things like withdrawing money from a cash dispenser and buying clothes in Top Man .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Carlsson	Sweden	The Carlsson 's III Cabinet was the cabinet and Government of Sweden from 7 October 1994 to 22 March 1996 .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Anerood Jugnauth	MSM	He stood as a prime minister candidate for the Labour Party but the party was heavily defeated by Sir Anerood Jugnauth with his MSM and alliance party MMM .
per:country_of_birth(e1,e2)	Natalia	Spain	Natalia Estrada was born on September 3 1972 in Asturias Spain .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	The Starting Line	Kenny Vasoli	In 1999 the band that would become The Starting Line was initiated in Churchville Pennsylvania via an e-mail from guitarist Matt Watts to vocalist/bassist Kenny Vasoli .
no_relation	Levy Mwanawasa	Zambia	This was disclosed when President Levy Mwanawasa received letters of credence from the new South African High Commissioner to Zambia Moses Chikane .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Kosovo	Hashim	On 19 December 2008 Selimi was appointed commander of the Kosovo Security force by Prime Minister Hashim .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Cher	US	Michael Moore Rosie O'Donnell Ed Asner Whoppi Goldberg Cher Phil Donahue Rob Reiner Barbara Streisand Jane Fonda Peter Jennings and anyone else of the same ilk please dispose of all US assets and report to Boston for the sailing of the Funship Cruise Elation which has been commissioned to take you to your new vacation homes in Afghanistan .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Danfoss	Nordborg	A global producer of components and solutions for refrigeration air conditioning heating water and motion controls the Danfoss group which is headquartered in Nordborg Denmark employs about people worldwide and is one of the biggest companies in Denmark .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	National Defence Commission	Kim Jong-Il	The agency also said Kim Yong-Chun was elected vice-chairman of the country's National Defence Commission during the session which was presided over by the nation's leader Kim Jong-Il .
per:title(e2,e1)	President	Mahmoud Abbas	He has posed questions to and conducted interviews with a wide range of political figures including President George W. Bush President Bill Clinton President Hosni Mubarak of Egypt the late Palestinian President Yasser Arafat President Mahmoud Abbas Vice President Ali Othman Taha of Sudan Prime Minister Ariel Sharon former Prime Minister Ehud Barak former State secretaries Madeleine Albright Colin Powell and Condoleezza Rice .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Mexico	Televisa	XET-TV ( Channel 6 ) is a Monterrey Nuevo Leon Mexico television station that is owned and operated by Televisa .
per:spouse(e2,e1)	Rudolph Valentino	Natacha Rambova	Nazimova helped start the careers of both of Rudolph Valentino 's wives Jean Acker and Natacha Rambova .
no_relation	Pratt Whitney	Singapore	A federal U.S. judge ordered jet engine maker Pratt Whitney to halt its plans to move jobs out of the state of Connecticut and to Japan Singapore and the state of Georgia .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Annihilator	Jeff Waters	The album was mixed and mastered by Annihilator mastermind Jeff Waters .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Navy	Frank Knox	In 1941 Secretary of the Navy Frank Knox decreed that all Navy insignia bearing eagles were to have the heads facing to their own right .
per:cities_of_residence(e2,e1)	Calgary	Brownlee	MacLean on cross-examination tried to paint Brownlee as a man of tremendous persuasive powers recalling his time as a lawyer in Calgary only to have Brownlee retort that he had only ever tried two cases spending most of his time drafting commercial documents .
per:title(e2,e1)	President	Francesco Cossiga	In 1987 she was entrusted by President Francesco Cossiga with a mandate of potentially forming the government the closest a PCI member and a woman got to becoming Prime Minister of Italy ; however Iotti was not able to form a coalition .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Canada	Public Health Agency of Canada	Two more persons have died of the virus bringing the total victims of the flu in Canada to 21 the Public Health Agency of Canada said .
no_relation	 He	n Ira	His finest novel is Chashm ' h ' yash He r Eyes ) which was published i n Ira n in 1952 and was subsequently banned .
org:members(e1,e2)	Air China	Air China Cargo	May 2011 : Air China and Cathay Pacific have announced the consolidation of their cargo business to the new Air China Cargo .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Lebanese Armed Forces	Lebanon	At the request of Lebanese President Hrawi the Syrian military took joint action with the Lebanese Armed Forces on 13 October 1990 to oust rebel Gen. Michel Aoun who had defied efforts at reconciliation with the legitimate Government of Lebanon .
per:title(e2,e1)	Vice President	Lee Teng-hui	Chao was not able to come back to Taiwan until 1987 when he was invited by then Vice President Lee Teng-hui for a visit .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Iraqi National Congress	Iraq	Almost two years after finishing of Phase I investigation Roberts released the Committee's schedule for completion of Phase II on March 14 2006 saying Today members of the Committee were provided three draft reports of the Phase II inquiry including : postwar findings about Iraq weapons of mass destruction programs and links to terrorism and how they compare with prewar assessments the use by the Intelligence Community of information provided by the Iraqi National Congress ( INC ) and prewar intelligence assessments about postwar Iraq .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	RES - The School for Renewable Energy Science	Akureyri	RES - The School for Renewable Energy Science located in Akureyri North Iceland is offering an intensive and unique interdisciplinary research oriented one-year graduate ( M.Sc . ) .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Idaho	Steve Symms	A number of false rumors were reported in the media about Dukakis including the claim by Idaho Republican Senator Steve Symms that Dukakis's wife Kitty had burned an American flag to protest the Vietnam War as well as the claim that Dukakis himself had been treated for a mental illness .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	He	State	He served as both Secretary of the Treasury and Secretary of State and was the principal author of the Sherman Antitrust Act .
no_relation	team	1980	Only twice has a team done it more than once in the same year ( three times in 1980 twice in 1987 ) .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Lithuania	Valdas Adamkus	Lithuania 's President Valdas Adamkus 81 was released from hospital Saturday after being fitted with a pacemaker used to treat irregular heartbeats a day earlier his spokeswoman said .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Taft	Ohio	Taft 's conviction was grounds under the Ohio Constitution for impeachment and removal from office by the Ohio General Assembly ; however impeachment proceedings did not occur and Taft remained in office until the end of his second term .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	his	Des Moines	Later his family relocated to Des Moines Iowa .
org:top_members/employees(e1,e2)	Pillar	Michael Wittig	After playing with Pillar for ten years Michael Wittig left the band in September 2008 for multiple reasons .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Belgium	Leopold III of Belgium	Prince Bernadotte was an hereditary title in the Nobility of Belgium conferred upon Carl Bernadotte ( the former Prince Carl of Sweden Duke of ) by Leopold III of Belgium on 6 July 1937 .
org:members(e2,e1)	Penn State Nittany Lions	Division I	The Penn State Nittany Lions football team represents the Pennsylvania State University in the National Collegiate Athletic Association Division I Football Bowl Subdivision as a member of the Big Ten Conference .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	Taschereau	Quebec	Taschereau created the Beaux-Arts schools in Quebec City and Montreal and subsidized scientific and literary works .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	University of Redlands	California	Once I did it . . it became clear to me that I wanted to give this gift ( of scuba diving ) to anybody who's paralyzed said Unser now 21 and a senior at the University of Redlands in California .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Suharto	Indonesia	The Mangkunegaran Court reconciled this controversy by decreeing that Suharto could indeed build an Astana ( istana in bahasa Indonesia or palace ) but that it could not be any higher than a pre-existing royal tomb Astana Mangadeg near the Astana Giribangun was to be established .
per:origin(e1,e2)	John Lee	American	John Lee ( born 1972 ) is an American television writer producer director voice actor and musician .
per:spouse(e1,e2)	W?adys?aw I Herm	ed Judith of Swab	In 1089 W?adys?aw I Herm an marri ed Judith of Swab ia who was renamed Sophia in order to distinguish herself from W?adys?aw I's first wife .
org:founded(e2,e1)	1979	New Jersey Transit	In 1979 with the establishment of New Jersey Transit NJDOT's rail division ( which funded and supported State-sponsored passenger rail service ) was folded into the new agency .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Burundi	Pierre Nkurunziza	The call from EAC foreign ministers came ahead of the presidential election due on June 28 and during which there is only one candidate Burundi 's current President Pierre Nkurunziza from the ruling Conseil National pour la de la - Forces de de la ( CNDD-FDD ) and who is running another five-year term .
org:top_members/employees(e2,e1)	John B. Fairfax	Rural Press	Once merged the new entity formed a publishing company worth A$ 9 billion and resulted in regaining control of The Canberra Times ( which it owned in the 1980s ) and through John B. Fairfax of Rural Press saw the return of the Fairfax family to the company board .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	his	South Africa	If the racism of his party the Rhodesian Front was less crude than that practised in Portugal's African possessions and less formalised than in South Africa it was racism just the same .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Chicago	Martin H. Kennelly	The De La Salle Institute located in the Douglas community area across the street from Chicago Police Department headquarters has taught five Chicago Mayors : Richard J. Daley Michael A. Bilandic Martin H. Kennelly Frank J. Corr and Richard M. Daley .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Cold Chillin	Kool G. Rap	In the late 1980s future Wu-Tang Clan co-founders RZA and GZA were signed under different monikers to Cold Chillin ' Records the label home of Big Daddy Kane and Kool G. Rap among others .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	KCCLA	Los Angeles	KCCLA is located in Los Angeles California 1980 : Korean Cultural Center of Los Angeles was founded on April 11 1980 .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	State for Wales	John Redwood	Major also had to survive a leadership challenge in 1995 by the Secretary of State for Wales the aforementioned John Redwood .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Anthony Corrie	Collingwood Football Club	Anthony Corrie ( born 22 June 1984 ) is an Australian rules footballer who has previously played for the Brisbane Lions and the Collingwood Football Club in the Australian Football League ( AFL ) and is currently without a team .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Tommy Thompson	Wisconsin	His son William R. Steiger worked for Governor Tommy Thompson of Wisconsin and most recently as the Director of the Office of Global Health Affairs and Special Assistant to the Secretary for International Affairs in the U.S. Dept. of Health and Human Services where he has been the subject of controversy for his role in the politicization of science .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	de Saint-Laurent	Quebec	de Saint-Laurent is a located in the Saint-Laurent borough of the city of Montreal Quebec .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	Royal New Zealand Infantry Regiment	Army	Because it is recruited on a nationwide basis and has no specific regional links the Royal New Zealand Infantry Regiment claims descent from the old New Zealand Regiment and all previous Territorial Infantry Regiments of the New Zealand Army .
per:alternate_names(e1,e2)	Steve Albini	Big Black	Steve Albini ( Big Black ) recorded Killdozer's 1995 album God Hears Pleas of the Innocent .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Liberal	Gerry Byrne	In response to the pieing of the Fisheries Minister a long time Liberal MP Gerry Byrne denounced the attack on the minister as an act of terrorism .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e2,e1)	New York	Doris Duke	Christie's New York published a heavily-illustrated catalog of over 600 pages for its auction of The Doris Duke Collection sold to benefit the Doris Duke Charitable Foundation which was held in New York NY over three days Thursday-Saturday June 3 5 2004 .
per:alternate_names(e2,e1)	Hayao Miyazaki	herself	In the past many directors including Hayao Miyazaki had tried to adapt the Earthsea cycle for film but were disapproved by the author herself .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	HT Media Ltd	Delhi	In a January memo to Post staff announcing Raju's departure Marcus Brauchli thanked Narisetti for helping achieve record digital audience growth at the Post http://jimromenesko.com/2012/01/20/narisetti-leaves-washington-post/ Prior to joining the Post from 2006-2008 Raju Narisetti was the founding editor of Mint India's only Berliner format business newspaper and its web site ( www.livemint.com ) that was launched by him on 1 February 2007 for HT Media Ltd which is also the publisher of Hindustan Times and is headquartered in New Delhi India .
per:title(e2,e1)	Prime Minister	William Gladstone	In April 1886 Prime Minister William Gladstone introduced a home rule bill .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	The Byrds	Crosby	The most distinctive features of The Byrds ' rendition of Mr. Tambourine Man were the vocal harmonies of Clark McGuinn and Crosby as well as McGuinn's jangling twelve-string Rickenbacker guitar playing ( which complemented the phrase jingle jangle morning found in the song's lyric ) .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	University of Kansas	Lawrence	In the past month I 've been on the campuses of the University of Kansas in Lawrence the University of Nebraska in Lincoln the University of Missouri in Columbia and the University of Texas in Austin .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Pantera	Dimebag Darrell	Rebel Meets Rebel is a country metal album by David Allan Coe and Pantera members Dimebag Darrell Rex Brown and Vinnie Paul .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	The Linfield Review	Oregon	The Linfield Review is a weekly newspaper published by students at Linfield College in McMinnville Oregon United States .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Democratic Progressive Party	Taiwan	The proposal for a second republic constitution aims to seek Taiwan independence and is a part of the Democratic Progressive Party platform for the Taiwan leader election in 2008 according to the KMT announcement issued on Tuesday .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Sulla	Roman Republic	Sulla 's Dictatorship constituted one of the most significant developments in the History of the Constitution of the Roman Republic and it served as a warning for the coming civil war which ultimately would destroy the Roman Republic and create the Roman Empire .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	Taiwan Police Administration	National Police Agency	In 1972 to streamline organizational costs the National Police Department was merged with the Taiwan Police Administration to form the new National Police Agency ( NPA ) .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Sheikh Mukhtar Mohamed Hussein	Somalia	Sheikh Mukhtar Mohamed Hussein ( ; 1912 June 12 2012 ) was the speaker of the Somali parliament and briefly an interim President of Somalia in 1969 .
no_relation	Ford	Kentucky	In 1944 Ford left the University of Kentucky to join the army enlisting for service in World War II on July 22 1944 .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	Spring Airlines	Travel Service	Spring Airlines is the aviation subsidiary of Shanghai Spring International Travel Service .
no_relation	California	Disney	Rasulo has been behind a $ 1 billion expansion of Disney's California Adventure theme park in Anaheim California the construction of two new cruise ships a Disney resort in Hawaii and led negotiations that resulted in China's approval of a Disney theme park in Shanghai estimated to cost $ 3.5 billion .
org:city_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Tel Aviv	Tel Aviv University	Micha Sharir ( ; born 1950 in Tel Aviv Israel ) is a professor of computer science at Tel Aviv University known for his work in computational geometry .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e2,e1)	Hawaii	Daniel Akaka	This legislation would correct an injustice said Hawaii Democratic Senator Daniel Akaka who sponsored the bill .
no_relation	Motian	Bill Frisell	But the playing by Motian 's sidemen ( tenors Joe Lovano and Billy Drewes bassist Ed Schuller and especially the remarkable guitarist Bill Frisell ) uplifted the music and gave this group a strong personality of its own .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	Communications and Electronics Branch	Canadian Forces	Major Wallace Bruce Matthews Carruthers ( 13 February 1863 - 21 October 1910 ) was the founder of the Canadian Signalling Corps forerunner of the Royal Canadian Corps of Signals and the Communications and Electronics Branch of the Canadian Forces .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Abraham Lincoln	United States	But how did an innocuous Civil War-era memo bearing Abraham Lincoln 's signature end up in the state archives of Hawaii which was not part of the United States at the time ?
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	British Airways	airline	Following its absorption into British Airways the airline 's turboprops were retired while the company's fleet of regional short-haul jetliners and the associated crews were transferred to British Airways ' regional operation in Birmingham and Manchester .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Enoksen	Siumut	IA leader Kuupik Kleist said he was ready for coalition talks with any party besides Enoksen 's Siumut party .
per:country_of_birth(e1,e2)	Saad	Denmark	Saad 32 one of Denmark 's best-known dancehall performers died in the accident early Sunday said her mother Kristine Saad .
no_relation	NBC	Major League Baseball	Like NBC and Fox would do in 2000 CBS cited its contract with Major League Baseball .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	West Virginia State University	Booker T. Washington Park	The event took place at West Virginia State University 's Booker T. Washington Park in Malden West Virginia .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	England	James Edwards	The Edwards Baronetcy of York in the County of York was created in the Baronetage of England on 7 December 1691 for James Edwards .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Pedro Romero	Spain	Pedro Romero ( November 19 1754 - February 10 1839 ) was a legendary bullfighter from the Romero family in Ronda Spain .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Young Buck	G-Unit	On April 7 2008 in an interview with Shanna Leviste on New York's Hot 97 FM 50 Cent stated that Young Buck was no longer a member of G-Unit but he is still signed to G-Unit Records .
per:title(e2,e1)	singer	Amanda Lear	When - a song by French singer Amanda Lear released in 1980 by Ariola Records .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Smith Thompson	Navy	Inspection showed the ship not worth repair and Smith Thompson was decommissioned at Olongapo on 15 May struck from the Navy list on 19 May and sunk at sea off Subic Bay on 25 July 1936 .
per:title(e1,e2)	Gilbert Ryle	philosopher	Gilbert Ryle ( 19 August 1900 6 October 1976 ) was a British philosopher .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Latvia	Valdis Zatlers	In December the two countries exchanged ratified border agreements and Latvia 's President Valdis Zatlers said he expected to visit Moscow in the near future .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Vatican City	Swiss Guard	The Vatican City is guarded by the smallest and oldest regular army in the world the Swiss Guard [ wiki ] .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	Karl	france	Karl last President of Nazi-Germany moved to france after his release from Spandau Prison in 1956 .
per:alternate_names(e1,e2)	; Empress Teime	 Hirohi	It contains the mausolea of the Taish Emperor ; Empress Teime i the Shwa Emperor Hirohi to ) and Empress Kjun .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Fenwick High School	Oak Park	Wolande was born in Chicago Illinois and is an alumnus of Fenwick High School ( Oak Park Illinois ) .
no_relation	State	Robert Zoellick	In a speech commemorating the victims of the Holocaust Deputy Secretary of State Robert Zoellick connected the victims of Nazi aggression with those who died in Rwanda and continue to suffer in Darfur .
per:title(e2,e1)	: Preside	nt Boris Tad	B92 - News - Politics - Tadi? to dissolve parliament on March 13 A revote was held in three polling stations ( in Kraljevo ?agubica and Srbica ) on 18 May 2008 due to irregularities in the electoral process.B 92 - News - Politics - Revote ongoing in six polling stations A list of registered electoral lists : M national minority list The parties ' campaign slogans for the 2008 election : Preside nt Boris Tad i? has gathered a large pro-EU coalition around his DS and G17 Plus .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	Mirant	PowerGen	The companies Mirant and BP currently owns 51 % 39 % and 10 % of the PowerGen company respectively .
no_relation	Argentina	Eva	The company even built in 1910 Argentina 's presidential coach which still survives and once carried Eva .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Alberto Jardim	Regional Government	The winner of the election in Madeira was once more the Social Democratic Party and Alberto Jardim was elected president of the Regional Government with an absolute majority for the 7th consecutive time .
no_relation	RAF Akrotiri	UK	Britain has maintained two sovereign base areas on the island since Cyprus independence in 1960 and RAF Akrotiri is the largest British air base outside the UK .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Kim Jong-Il	National Defence Commission	Leader Kim Jong-Il attended last year's session which re-elected him to the country's most powerful post chairman of the National Defence Commission .
org:city_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Grand Forks	University of North Dakota	The Fighting Sioux Sports Network ( FSSN ) later known as the UND Sports Network ( UNDSN ) was a local cable channel operated in Grand Forks North Dakota by the University of North Dakota in conjunction with WDAZ-TV also based in Grand Forks .
per:origin(e2,e1)	Australian	Paul Keating	She is the daughter of former Australian Prime Minister Paul Keating .
per:title(e2,e1)	composer	Eve Beglarian	Overstepping is the 1998 debut album by avant-garde composer Eve Beglarian .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	China	Wen Jiabao	New Zealand Prime Minister Helen Clark will pay an official visit to China from April 6 to 8 as guest of Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	Andrew Cheng	Hong Kong	Pro-democracy activists including Emily Lau Andrew Cheng and Lee Cheuk-yan insisted this threatened Hong Kong 's welfare by denying the city full democracy .
org:top_members/employees(e2,e1)	author	Khon Kaen University	But when it turns out to be cancer it is very rapid said lead author Banchob Sripa of Khon Kaen University 's Pathology Department in Thailand .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	He	Mexico	He recently started a new wrestling `` fraternity '' that might loosen the grip of Mexico 's two all - powerful lucha libre associations .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	University of Southern Queensland	Toowoomba	After high school he completed a journalism degree at the University of Southern Queensland in Toowoomba .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Matrix Games	Staten Island	Matrix Games was founded by David Heath in 1999 in Staten Island New York .
org:city_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Chicago	LaSalle National Bank	An important acquisition occurred in 1979 with the take-over of Chicago - based LaSalle National Bank .
org:members(e1,e2)	Atlantic Records	The Gufs	The band also featured percussionist Brian Pettit on all of their albums up to their Atlantic Records Release of The Gufs .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	San Antonio Unido	Chile	Club Social y Deportivo San Antonio Unido usually referred to as SAU is a football club located in the port city of San Antonio Chile situated in the Region .
no_relation	Michael Jackson	Gary	The Estate of Michael Jackson was never consulted about nor is it involved in the Jackson Family museum being proposed in Gary Indiana Weitzman said in a statement .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Empire of Japan	Imperial Japanese Navy	With the defeat of the Empire of Japan in World War II the Navy General Staff was abolished together with the Imperial Japanese Navy by the American occupation authorities in November 1945 and was not revived by the post-war Constitution of Japan .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Japan	Suzuki	In March 2011 after the earthquake and tsunami that affected Japan Suzuki joined Gackt's charity campaign Show Your Heart for collecting money for the victims .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Federated States	Tosiwo Nakayama	Tun served as the first Vice President of the Federated States of Micronesia during first term of President Tosiwo Nakayama ( 1979-1983 ) .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Democratic Party	Albert Ho	Li Gang ( 2nd right ) deputy director of the Liaison Office of the Central People's Government in Hong Kong meets for the first time with Democratic Party leaders : Vice-Chairman Emily Lau ( left ) Chairman Albert Ho ( 2nd left ) and Cheung Man-kwong ( 3rd left ) to discuss constitutional reform | thumb | 350pxFollowing the by-election it was revealed that meetings had been arranged for moderate pan-democrats to meet Beijing representatives the first meeting between Democratic Party leaders and senior officials from the central government since the Tiananmen Square protests of 1989 for talks on democratic development .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Wateen Telecom	Pakistan	Wateen was recently ranked as the # 1 wireless broadband service provider by PTA and won the Consumer Choice Award for the Best Internet Service Provider Wateen Telecom delivers complete Internet Voice Multimedia and Enterprise Solutions making it the most comprehensive converged communication provider catering to all of Pakistan communication necessities .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Vargas	Brazil	It was issued in 1943 by Vargas President of Brazil .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Big Boi	Atlanta	Better known as Big Boi half of the Atlanta rap duo OutKast Patton has always owned his stage name lacing larger-than-life rhymes with wisdom beyond his years .
org:founded(e1,e2)	TMN	February 1 1983	When First Choice as TMN was then known was launched on February 1 1983 it was a national pay-TV service ; its original slogan was Look Out for Number One !
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Air Force	Michael B. Donley	In that sense the plan -- which was approved by Air Force Secretary Michael B. Donley and Gen. Norton A. Schwartz the Air Force chief of staff -- helps cement a major cultural change at the service where many pilots initially recoiled at the idea of drones .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Whitehouse	Rhode Island	It creates a partisan atmosphere and that creates issues of confidence in the administering of justice said Whitehouse a Rhode Island Democrat who previously served as U.S. attorney there .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Marouf al-Bakhit	Jordan	Prime Minister Marouf al-Bakhit did not provide details on Fariz's resignation but said he had recommended that Jordan 's King Abdullah II accept it .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	Grimsby	New York	Beutel had previously anchored at channel 7 from 1962 to 1968 ( shortly before ABC moved Grimsby to New York City ) before spending two years as the network's London bureau chief .
no_relation	R. J. Mitchell	Spitfire	There are plans supported by the local council to rename the airport after R. J. Mitchell designer of the Spitfire .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Lithuania	Valdas Adamkus	Based on information we have from Lithuanian and Polish observers we 've decided that Georgia has passed the democracy exam Lithuania 's Valdas Adamkus said at the briefing after meeting with his Polish counterpart Lech Kaczynski in Vilnius .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Interior	Wilhelm Frick	Facing Minister Seldte's resistance Hierl in 1934 switched to the Reich Ministry of the Interior under Wilhelm Frick in the rank of a Reichskommissar .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Fiji	Josefa Iloilo	Notable residents of Ba Province include Fiji 's current president Ratu Josefa Iloilo and the Chairman of the Great Council of Chiefs Ratu Ovini Bokini .
org:members(e2,e1)	USF	Big East	On September 24 2005 USF surprised ninth-ranked University of Louisville for its first victory over a Big East conference foe as well as its first victory over a ranked opponent .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Ezio	England	Ezio is a folk music band from Cambridge England formed in 1990 .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	o Macedoni	d Lazar	He clashed with Svetozar Vukmanovi?-Tempo Josip Broz Tito envoy t o Macedoni a an d Lazar i the leader of the ruling Communist Party of Macedonia .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Gossip	Beth Ditto	ROCK AND ROLL : A punky rocker's spirit shook up the runways at Balenciaga and Balmain while Yohji Yamamoto paid tribute to Jimi Hendrix and Gaultier invited Gossip frontwoman Beth Ditto to open his show .
org:founded_by(e1,e2)	YG Entertainment	Yang Hyun Suk	2NE1 worked with YG Entertainment CEO Yang Hyun Suk Teddy and e.knock to produce the album .
org:city_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Wolverhampton	Wolverhampton Grammar School	Born in Wolverhampton England he was educated at Wolverhampton Grammar School and Shrewsbury School .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	W. T. Cosgrave	Executive Council	In June 1923 the Mail ran a competition to select an Irish national anthem ( though na bhFiann ( The Soldiers Song ) was used informally it had not been adopted and the W. T. Cosgrave 's Executive Council was coming under pressure to choose an anthem to end confusion over whether to play an BhFiann or God Save the King for the Irish Free State abroad .
org:founded(e1,e2)	The Tampa Tribune	1895	The Tampa Tribune has been Tampa hometown newspaper since 1895 and TBO.com was one of the first local media internet websites when it launched in 1994 .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	University of San Agustin	Philippines	Symbols and meanings in the University of San Agustin 's seal : The Augustinian Mirror is the official student magazine of the University of San Agustin in Iloilo City Philippines .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	Cisco Systems	Linksys	Cisco Systems designs and sells networking and communications technology and services under the brands Cisco Linksys and Scientific Atlanta .
org:alternate_names(e1,e2)	Panteion University	Political Sciences	In 1989 the School was renamed to its current name Panteion University of Social and Political Sciences and five new departments were created these of : Communication and Mass Media Psychology Social Policy and Social Anthropology Economic and Regional Development General Department of Law .
per:title(e1,e2)	Manfred Clynes	scientist	Manfred Clynes ( born August 14 1925 ) is a scientist inventor and musician .
no_relation	3rd Marine Aircraft Wing	United States	The 3rd Marine Aircraft Wing ( 3rd MAW ) is the major west coast aviation unit of the United States Marine Corps .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Canada	Alannah Myles	In May 1989 Warner Music in Canada released Alannah Myles .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Hosni Mubarak	Egypt	President Hosni Mubarak has called for holding a four-way summit in Egypt with the participation of Jordan's King Abdullah II Palestinian president Mahmud Abbas and Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Olmert Abul Gheit said in Cairo .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Western Illinois University	Macomb	Title : Assistant Professor Employer : Western Illinois University Law Enforcement and Justice Administration Department Location : Moline and Macomb IL United States Posted : Oct 03 .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Switzerland	UBS AG	One belongs to outgoing Finance Minister Hans-Rudolf Merz who brokered a deal with the United States last year that forced Switzerland to break its own banking secrecy laws in order to prevent the country's biggest bank UBS AG from facing damaging civil litigation in U.S. courts for helping thousands of Americans hide money in offshore accounts .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e2,e1)	Connecticut	he	Connecticut Sen. Chris Dodd announced Thursday he will run for the Democratic presidential nomination in 2008 saying problems at home and abroad meant it was time for him to get out of the bleachers and onto the arena floor .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Berlin-based	Bass Sultan Hengzt	In July 2006 Taha's debut album Blut gegen Blut was released featuring known Berlin-based rappers including MC Bogy Sido Bass Sultan Hengzt and King Orgasmus One .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Queen Elizabeth Sixth Form College	County Durham	Queen Elizabeth Sixth Form College or QE is a sixth form college on Vane Terrace in Darlington County Durham England .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Bright Eyes	Mike Mogis	Recorded in Omaha Nebraska and Casablancas ' home city New York the album was produced by Jason Lader with additional production from Bright Eyes ' Mike Mogis .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Warner Bros.	United States	The Dark Knight is estimated to be on track to sell 26 million dollars in tickets this weekend bringing the Warner Bros. release up to an estimated 441.5 million dollars in business in the United States and Canada alone by the close of business Sunday night according to Media By Numbers .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Robert Redford	California	Without new energy sources Texas would need to begin dipping into its reserves by 2011 Black said adding Perhaps Robert Redford would like to see Texas like his home state of California with rolling blackouts .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	TCU Horned Frogs	Texas Christian University	The 2000 TCU Horned Frogs football team represented Texas Christian University in the 2000 NCAA Division I-A football season .
org:top_members/employees(e1,e2)	SpaceX	Elon Musk	When asked about this SpaceX CEO Elon Musk responded saying : Despite that statement by SpaceX CEO Elon Musk subsequently in 2011 and 2012 SpaceX did receive additional funding from U.S. taxpayers through NASA .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	United States	BBC America	In the United States it was broadcast on BBC America as James May's Road Trip in 2011 running immediately after Top Gear .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Catherine of Valois	England	Owen entered the service of Queen Catherine of Valois as keeper of the Queen's wardrobe ( essentially her major-domo ) after the death of her husband Henry V of England on 22 August 1422 .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Moses Blah	Liberia	Moses Blah who served as vice president under Taylor after he came to power in Liberia is the highest-ranking witness to take the stand against his former boss since his trial began early this year .
no_relation	Earth	Melvins	Hunt is best known in the world of music for his graphic works often extremely complex - for rock bands Neurosis Earth Jesu Isis Mick Harris Acid Mothers Temple and the Melvins .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Santa Clara Law	California	The top feeder schools into Santa Clara Law in order are UC Berkeley UC Davis UCLA UC Santa Barbara UC San Diego and Santa Clara University.About Santa Clara Law Fast Facts The top five feeder states in order are California Texas Arizona Washington and Illinois .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Lohan	United States	Holley said Lohan would be back in the United States by Friday evening .
org:alternate_names(e1,e2)	University	Pittsburgh	In December 2010 Dr. and Mrs. Fu established the Freddie and Hilda Fu Endowed Fund in Orthopaedic Surgery by donating $ 1 million to the University of Pittsburgh to support education and training programs in the Department of Orthopaedic Surgery .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Romania	Romanian Armed Forces	The Land Forces Air Force and Naval Forces of Romania are collectively known as the Romanian Armed Forces ( Romanian : For?ele Armate or Armata ) .
org:members(e1,e2)	Saipa	Alborz Football Club	Saipa Alborz Football Club ( ) is a football team based in Karaj Alborz Province Iran .
per:cities_of_residence(e2,e1)	Halifax	Instruments	Members of the Motes went on to form a number of notable bands in and around Halifax NS including North of America Recyclone and Instruments .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	Sierra Entertainment	Vivendi Games	The merger would include three smaller Vivendi divisions -- Sierra Entertainment Sierra Online and Vivendi Games Mobile -- and the rights to Crash Bandicoot and Spyro the Dragon .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Alexander Mitchell	Wisconsin	His grandfather Alexander Mitchell a Scotsman was the wealthiest person in Wisconsin for his generation and established what became the Milwaukee Road along with the Marine Bank of Wisconsin .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Ulster Hospital	Northern Ireland	Best's father died on 16 April 2008 at the age of 88 in the Ulster Hospital in Dundonald Northern Ireland .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	He	NCNC	He also headed the NCNC Legal Defence Committee comprising Chief Richard Akinjide Chief Adeniran Ogunsanya Kehinde Sofola Tunji Ogunbiyi and others .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Hayes	Powdered Sugar	Hayes parted way with his record label Columbia Records in 2006 and started his own independent record label Powdered Sugar from which he would release his third solo album This Delicate Thing We 've Made ( 2007 ) .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Commerce	Ron Brown	Conolly also assisted in search and rescue efforts when the airplane carrying United States Commerce Department Secretary Ron Brown crashed .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Kerr	New York	In 1972 Kerr became a member of the New York Cosmos .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	China	Campbell	It was a huge success and I hope everyone in Shanghai and China feels like it was a huge success as well Campbell said .
org:city_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Capodichino	United States Sixth Fleet	The district of Capodichino contains Naples International Airport the Ugo Niutta military airport and the US Naval Support Activity where the United States Sixth Fleet has its home base .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Gettysburg College	Gettysburg	The Pennsylvania Hall interior was again renovated in 1889 and in 1928 and a United States tablet was erected in Old Dorm in 1932http : / / ( the white-painted Gettysburg College building was the base hospital for the 1938 Gettysburg reunion . ) .
org:members(e2,e1)	CA	United States	Title : Archaeological Anthropology Employer : California State University Fullerton Anthropology Department Location : Fullerton CA United States Posted : Oct 12 .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	; Japa	t Sophia Universit	Born in Hachiji Tokyo ; Japa n Shirayanagi studied a t Sophia Universit y earning a degree in philosophy in 1951 and a specialization in theology in 1954 .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Kenya	Raila Odinga	The ODM which was founded in 2005 became one of the ruling parties in Kenya in 2008 with Raila Odinga leader of the ODM as prime minister in a grand coalition government and Mudavadi as deputy prime minister .
org:members(e2,e1)	Erasure	Mute Records	The First 20 Hits is a greatest hits collection from Erasure released in 1992 by Mute Records in the UK and Elektra Records in the US .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	Royal Army Medical Corps	British Army	Enlisting in the Royal Army Medical Corps of the British Army in September 1914 Lance Corporal Chapin was killed in action at the age of 29 at the Battle of Loos in 1915 leaving a wife and five year old son .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Henri Christophe	Haiti	In Part Three Henri Christophe has become the first King of Haiti and subjects the black population to worse slavery than that experienced under French rule .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Hanyang University	South Korea	In 2004 the College collaborated with Hanyang University ( South Korea ) for a student-exchange program .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	LibLime	US	In March 2010 LibLime was purchased by PTFS a US Federal Government contractor .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Ark Records	Jeff Johnson	Ark Records publishes both Jeff Johnson 's catalogue of albums and those of a few musical associates .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	Jacobson	Chicago	In September 1973 Jacobson was approached by Chicago liberals about running for mayor against Richard J. Daley but he turned them down .
per:title(e2,e1)	State	Paulus	As Secretary of State Paulus recommended the county institute emergency procedures to restrict these transients from registering to vote which the Rajneeshes challenged in federal court .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Mark Williams	New Zealand	Curated by Mark Williams for the New Zealand Film Archive in association with Anthology Film Archives .
no_relation	FUMA	it	FUMA has historically had many benefactors that have helped keep it up and running .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	United Food and Commercial Workers	United States	Ralphs Grocery Company has contracts with the United Food and Commercial Workers the largest grocery union in the United States .
org:members(e2,e1)	the Godwinns	United States Wrestling Association	The two men who would later be known as the Godwinns first started teaming in the United States Wrestling Association under the names Tex Sallinger ( Phineas ) and Master Blaster ( Henry ) in 1991 .
per:cities_of_residence(e2,e1)	Los Angeles	Jerry Goldsmith	He attended Ward Melville High School and afterwards graduated from Brown University and studied at the Yale School of Music and then moved west to the USC Thornton School of Music in Los Angeles where he studied under legendary composer Jerry Goldsmith .
per:country_of_birth(e1,e2)	He	France	He was born in Boulogne-Billancourt Hauts-de-Seine France on 3 June 1964 .
org:members(e1,e2)	TV	TV 2 Sport	TV 2 has six subsidiary stations known as TV 2 Zulu targeted at the youth ; TV 2 Charlie oriented towards older audiences ; TV 2 News a 24-hour news channel ( launched on 1 December 2006 ) ; TV 2 Film a non-stop movie channel ( launched on 1 November 2005 ) ; TV 2 Sport a dedicated sports channel ; and TV 2 Fri a leisure and hobby channel ( launched on 5 May 2013 ) as well as the internet-based pay-per-view channel TV 2 Sputnik which started broadcasting in December 2004 .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e2,e1)	New Mexico	Darren White	It has scaled back ads in Ramstad's district and pulled out completely from New Mexico 's Albuquerque-area 1st District where Republican Darren White a county sheriff faces Democratic City Councilor Martin Heinrich in the race to succeed Rep. Heather Wilson who lost the Republican primary to run for the Senate .
no_relation	Netherlands	Willem de Kooning	Willem van Veldhuizen was born in Rotterdam the Netherlands and took his studies at the Willem de Kooning Academy from 1972 tot 1977 together with artists like Frank Dam Jos Looise en Anton Vrede .
org:founded(e1,e2)	Freightliner	2007	Freightliner began exploring opportunities in the Australian rail market with Freightliner Australia Pty Ltd established by April 2007 .
org:alternate_names(e2,e1)	Ekiti	University of Ado Ekiti	Ekiti State University of Ado Ekiti ( EKSU ) was established as Obafemi Awolowo University Ado-Ekiti on March 30 1982 by the administration of late Chief Michael Adekunle Ajasin the first civilian governor of Ondo State .
per:origin(e2,e1)	Austrian	Wilhelm Miklas	Upon the Austrian Anschluss to Nazi Germany and the resignation of President Wilhelm Miklas on 13 March 1938 Arthur Seyss-Inquart resided on Ballhausplatz as a Reichsstatthalter and head of the Ostmark state government which was abolished by order of Adolf Hitler on 30 April 1939 .
org:members(e2,e1)	Telopea Park School	ACT	Telopea Park School is one of the few public schools in the ACT to teach students from kindergarten to tenth grade and is the only bi-national school in Canberra ( following an agreement signed with the French government in 1983 ) .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	William Ackerman	Windham Hill	In late 1983 Domhnaill's music career was altered when William Ackerman at Windham Hill Records heard one of the tracks recorded at Oskay's home .
per:cities_of_residence(e2,e1)	Santa Monica	Dennis	Pacific Ocean Blues follow-up Bambu began production in the year 1978 at Brother Studios in Santa Monica with the collaboration of then Beach Boys keyboardist and Dennis 's close friend Carli as songwriter and producer .
per:country_of_birth(e1,e2)	Oscar Temaru	French Polynesia	Oscar Temaru who contested the seat unsuccessfully was a former and future President of French Polynesia .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Lehman Brothers	United States	http://nymag.com/news/business/52603/ In October 2008 Fuld was among twelve Lehman Brothers executives who received grand jury subpoenas in connection to three criminal investigations led by the United States Attorney's offices in the Eastern and Southern Districts of New York as well as the District of New Jersey related to the alleged securities fraud associated with the collapse of the firm .
org:members(e2,e1)	Western Michigan Broncos	NCAA	The 2006 Western Michigan Broncos football team represented Western Michigan University in the 2006 NCAA Division I FBS football season .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Navy	Claude A. Swanson	On January 18 1937 President Roosevelt appointed Charles Edison as Assistant Secretary of the Navy then as Secretary on January 2 1940 Claude A. Swanson having died several months previously .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Budapest Stock Exchange	Budapest	Between 2004 and 2008 he was the Chairman of the Budapest Stock Exchange and the Hungarian Member of the Board of the Federation of European Securities Exchanges.Management Shake-Up At UniCredit - Global Custodian In his tenure as the Chairman of the Hungarian bourse he played a role in the integration of the Budapest Commodity Exchange and the Budapest Stock Exchange he developed and protected the Hungarian capital market as well as publicly promoted stock investments.Article : Bourse president attacks gov ' t capital gains tax proposal .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Yukos	Moscow	The last remaining assets of bankrupt Russian oil company Yukos including its headquarters in Moscow were sold at auction for nearly 3.9 billion U.S. dollars Friday .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Firewind	Gus G	Katsionis would later handle guitar duties as well and both himself and Cross would later go on to perform with Greek power metal outfit Firewind ( the main band of guitarist Gus G who became Ozzy Osbourne guitarist in 2010 ) .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	Johnson	Stonewall	After leaving the presidency in January 1969 Johnson went home to his ranch in Stonewall Texas .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Senate of Serampore College	Serampore	It was founded in 2000 and is affiliated to the Senate of Serampore College ( University ) Serampore West Bengal .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	she	Baltimore	From the sources it is unclear whether she worked in these fields while still in New York or only after returning to Baltimore .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	England	Wainwright	By some counts it is the fourth highest peak in England although many people including Alfred Wainwright consider it to be a subsidiary summit of Scafell Pike .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Richard Squires	Newfoundland	He served as minister of finance from 1928 to 1932 when he resigned from the government and accused Sir Richard Squires the Prime Minister of Newfoundland of falsifying the minutes of Executive Council meetings to cover up certain legal fees he had been paying himself out of public funds .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Iran	Sadeq Hedayat	A 1934 book by one of Iran 's most prominent writers Sadeq Hedayat Songs of Khayyam ( Taranehha-ye Khayyam ) is said to have shaped the way a generation of Iranians viewed the poet.Molavi Afshin The Soul of Iran Norton ( 2005 ) p. 110 Omar poems have been translated to many languages.The Great Umar Khayyam : A Global Reception of the Rubaiyat ( AUP - Leiden University Press ) by A. A. Seyed-Gohrab 2012 .
per:spouse(e1,e2)	Catherine of Valois	Henry	Tudor was the son of Welsh courtier Owain Tewdwr or Tudur ( anglicised to Owen Tudor ) and Catherine of Valois the widowed queen consort of the Lancastrian King Henry V. Edmund Tudor and his siblings were either illegitimate or the product of a secret marriage and owed their fortunes to the goodwill of their legitimate half-brother King Henry VI .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Teru	Japan	Women's defending champions Misty May-Treanor and Kerri Walsh of the United States will play their opener against Mika Teru Saiki and Chiaki Kusuhara of Japan on Aug. 10 ( 09:00 Beijing time ) while men's gold medallists Emanuel and Ricardo of Brazil will start against Angola's Emanuel Fernandes and Morais Abreu on Aug. 9 ( 13:00 Beijing time ) .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Maung Aye	State Peace and Development Council	Maung Aye Vice-Chairman of the State Peace and Development Council ( SPDC ) Deputy Commander-in-Chief of the Defense Services and the Army Commander made the remarks when addressing a graduation parade of army officers in the capital Nay Pyi Taw Monday said the New Light of Myanmar .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	G-Unit	Young Buck	A remix officially titled the G-Unit Remix that featured 50 Cent Lloyd Banks and Young Buck was later released .
per:title(e2,e1)	Actor	Abhishek Bachchan	The film was nominated for eight other awards including Best Movie Best Director ( Karan Johar ) Best Actor ( Shahrukh Khan ) Best Supporting Actor ( Abhishek Bachchan ) Best Music Director ( Shankar-Ehsaan-Loy ) Best Lyricist ( Javed Akhtar for Kabhi Alvida Naa Kehna ) Best Male Playback ( Sonu Nigam for Kabhi Alvida Naa Kehna ) and Best Female Playback ( Alka Yagnik for Kabhi Alvida Naa Kehna ) .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Indonesia	Suharto	-- 1999 : Returns to Indonesia following Suharto 's ouster and begins a campaign for the imposition of Islamic law .
org:founded_by(e1,e2)	Federal University of Rio de Janeiro	Rio de Janeiro	He graduated as a techer and taught for more than forty years at the Communication School of the Federal University of Rio de Janeiro and at the Superior School of Design of the Rio de Janeiro State University .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	London	Shakespears Sister	Notable artists released by that incarnation of London called London Records 90 include New Order Happy Mondays A and Shakespears Sister .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Reliance Communications	India	But Mukesh Ambani's deal will put Infotel in head-to-head competition with his brother's Reliance Communications India 's second-largest mobile company by subscribers with 100 million cell phone customers .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Italy	Domenico Modugno	Italy was represented by Domenico Modugno with the song ' Piove ( Ciao ciao bambina ) at the 1959 Eurovision Song Contest which took place on 11 March in Cannes France .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	Virgin Unite	Virgin Group	November 12 2007 saw the launch of Virgin Unite Canada a localised arm of Virgin Group 's global charitable venture .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Nocelli	Infinite Trend Productions	In April 2007 Nocelli 's advanced guitar method book Modes In Motion : The Nocelli Guitar Method was re-released with Infinite Trend Productions publishing division .
per:alternate_names(e1,e2)	Jon Coghill	Jonathan Robert Coghill	Jon Coghill ( Jonathan Robert Coghill born 26 August 1971 ) is an Australian drummer best known for his work with Australian rock band Powderfinger although he has also toured with Regurgitator .
org:members(e2,e1)	East Carolina University	NCAA	The 2010 East Carolina Pirates football team represented East Carolina University in the 2010 NCAA Division I FBS football season .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Dana	Israel	Dana was chosen to represent Israel in the Eurovision Song Contest 1998 in Birmingham with the song Diva .
org:alternate_names(e2,e1)	Sacramento	ARC	Today along with Cosumnes River College Folsom Lake College and Sacramento City College ARC is directed by a seven-member board of trustees elected by voters residing in the district .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	Swansea Metropolitan University	University of Wales	Swansea Metropolitan University has four faculties : Schools : Swansea Institute - Faculty of Applied Design and Engineering Based in the Dynevor Centre for Art Design and Media Based on Swansea Metropolitan University Townhill campus Based on University of Wales trinity saint david Mount Pleasant campus Swansea There are five halls of residence based on two separate campuses .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e2,e1)	Ontario	George Weston	The family operations began with the founding of a bakery in Toronto Ontario by George Weston .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Ulysses S. Grant	United States	USS '' Ulysses S. Grant '' ( SSBN-631 ) a fleet ballistic missile submarine was the third ship of the United States Navy to be named for Ulysses S. Grant ( 1822 1885 ) American Civil War general and the 18th President of the United States ( 1869-1877 ) .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Tori Amos	American	Tori Amos has given her first American Girl Posse interview to musician and writer Paul Tingen .
per:title(e1,e2)	Viggo Kampmann	leader	In September 1962 he succeeded Viggo Kampmann as Prime Minister and leader of the Danish Social Democratic Party .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	Bradley	Los Angeles	Bradley whose husband held office from 1973 to 1993 died Tuesday at Kaiser Permanente West Los Angeles Medical Center .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	He	Ireland	He was chosen to study with Dr. Veronica Dunne regarded as Ireland 's preeminent vocal teacher .
per:spouse(e1,e2)	Leopold III of Belgium	Astrid of Sweden	She was the first child of Leopold III of Belgium and sister of the late king Baudouin of Belgium and current king Albert II of Belgium She was born at the Royal Palace of Brussels as the oldest child and only daughter of Leopold III of Belgium and Astrid of Sweden .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	CCTV	CCTV-9	The following is list of the channels with their names : All CCTV channels are also broadcast via the following : Currently CCTV has 7 channels broadcasting around the world ( CCTV-4 in Chinese CCTV-NEWS and CCTV-9 Documentary in English in French in Spanish CCTV- in Arabic and CCTV-P in Russian .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e2,e1)	Hawaii	Daniel Inouye	On December 26 2012 it was announced that Kia'aina was among three candidates submitted by the Democratic Party of Hawaii to replace the late Senator Daniel Inouye following his death earlier that month .
org:founded_by(e1,e2)	Blackstone	Stephen A. Schwarzman	Blackstone was founded in 1985 as a mergers and acquisitions boutique by Peter G. Peterson and Stephen A. Schwarzman who had previously worked together at Lehman Brothers Kuhn Loeb Inc .
per:title(e2,e1)	Dictator	Lucius Cornelius Sulla	These estates were very large properties established from the time of the Roman Dictator of the Roman Republic Lucius Cornelius Sulla ( c. 138-78 BC ) .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	EasyJet	Luton	Airline follows the staff of EasyJet at Luton and the airline's other bases across the country whilst the 2005 series named after the airport followed the life of employees at the airport in a similar format to the show Airport which follows staff at London Heathrow Airport .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Aftermath	Eminem	After being signed to Aftermath Entertainment/Interscope Records in 1998 Eminem released his first major studio album The Slim Shady LP heavily based on the production by Dr. Dre one year later in 1999 .
per:title(e2,e1)	Representative	Javier Solana	The first permanent High Representative was Javier Solana former Secretary General of NATO .
org:top_members/employees(e1,e2)	Fianna	Brian Cowen	Fianna Ministers Dick Roche and Martin Cullen were given little exposure on the national media during the campaign but Finance minister Brian Cowen engaged in some robust exchanges towards the end of the campaign was reported to have been an asset to the party .
org:top_members/employees(e2,e1)	Anton Haus	Austro-Hungarian Navy	diplomatic accession to US demands angered Grand Admiral Anton Haus commander of the Austro-Hungarian Navy who had advocated taking a hard line following the sinking .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	Mitsubishi Motors	Mitsubishi Motors Australia	In 1980 Chrysler Australia which was producing the locally developed Chrysler Valiant and the Mitsubishi Galant based Chrysler Sigma was sold to Mitsubishi Motors and changed its name to Mitsubishi Motors Australia Limited .
no_relation	The Dubliners	he	Guaranteed featured many songs that Drew would later record with The Dubliners as well as tracks he had previously recorded .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Phil Spector	Philles Records	Lester Sill ( January 13 1918 October 31 1994 ) was an American record label executive best remembered as Phil Spector 's partner in Philles Records ( the name came from the first parts of their names Phil and Les ) and also as the head of both Colpix Records and the later Colgems Records .
org:members(e1,e2)	Air Force	Brazilian Air Force	Canoas Air Force Base BACO is a base of the Brazilian Air Force located in Canoas Brazil .
no_relation	Vale	last week	Adding fuel to the fire Vale chief executive Roger Agnelli said last week that Sudbury is the company's highest-cost operation and is n't sustainable at current prices levels .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Nigeria	Sani Abacha	Oladipo Diya the de facto Vice President of Nigeria during the Sani Abacha military junta from 1994 was born in Odogbolu .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	Pete Candoli	Mishawaka	In addition to Deauville Pete Candoli is survived by daughters Tara Clair and Carolyn two grandchildren and a sister Gloria Henke of Mishawaka .
no_relation	Munster	Heineken Cup	Horgan started for Munster as they beat Biarritz 23-19 to win their first Heineken Cup final in May 2006 .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	Rob Portman	Cincinnati	If she loses Brunner told reporters last week she will not campaign for Fisher a sentiment that Republicans sought to seize upon as an example of a divided party that could boost the candidacy of Rob Portman a former representative from the Cincinnati region .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Michael	Sony	Michael described his situation as professional slavery because his contract required that he produce music and cede the copyright to Sony for many years leaving him no control over how the music would be marketed nor placing a reciprocal requirement that the label invest in promotion .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	KBS World	Japan	KBS World is a Japanese television channel operated by KBS Japan a subsidiary of Korean Broadcasting System targeting Koreans in Japan as well as Japanese audience interested in Korean entertainment .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	West Virginia	Glenville State College	Although newly founded and named the college's origins span more than one hundred thirty years of service to West Virginia through its two parent institutions Bluefield State College and Glenville State College .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	New Zealand	Government Communications Security Bureau	On 24 September 2012 Prime Minister John Key revealed that at the request of the police the New Zealand Government Communications Security Bureau ( GCSB ) had spied on Dotcom illegally helping police to locate him and monitor his communications in the weeks prior to the raid on his house .
org:city_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Birmingham	Birmingham City University	Birmingham is home to six universities ; the University of Birmingham ( founded 1900 ) Aston University ( founded 1966 ) Birmingham City University ( formerly Birmingham Polytechnic awarded university status in 1992 ) University College Birmingham ( awarded university status in 2012 ) The University of Law and Newman University ( formerly Newman University College awarded university status in 2012 ) .
org:top_members/employees(e1,e2)	Maverick	Guy Oseary	The company will also buy out the interest of Madonna's partner Ronnie Dashev Maverick 's Chief Operating Officer while third partner Guy Oseary will continue to work with both companies .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Vladimir Putin	Russia	President Vladimir Putin says that Russia and Ukraine have reached an agreement in the gas dispute .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	He	Elefant Traks	He is widely known for his successful musical career under the moniker Urthboy as a founding member of the hip-hop group The Herd and for co-founding the Elefant Traks record label ( of which he is the label manager ) .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Judas Priest	Rob Halford	The following is a comprehensive discography of English heavy metal band Judas Priest which currently consists of singer Rob Halford bassist Ian Hill dual lead/rhythm guitarists Glenn Tipton and Richie Faulkner and drummer Scott Travis .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Korean	Park Chung-hee	Last week a South Korean government report said that Kim's kidnapping from a Tokyo hotel by spies from the Korean Central Intelligence Agency was carried out with implicit permission of then dictator Park Chung-hee .
per:cities_of_residence(e2,e1)	London	Mike Lindup	King moved to London at the age of nineteen subsequently forming Level 42 in 1979 with Mike Lindup and fellow Islanders brothers Phil and Rowland Charles Gould .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Apolinario Mabini	Philippines	jpg | BRP Apolinario Mabini during SEACAT 2006 shipboarding exercises with USS Tortuga File : US Navy 100314-N-0120A-659 U.S. Navy ships and The Republic of Philippines navy ships cruise in formation while taking part in exercise Balikatan 2010 ( BK 10 ) .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Sweden	Ingmar Bergman	Though Lelouch had experienced failure with his debut feature Le Propre de l'homme he managed to gain favourable exposure when the film was sent to be exhibited in Sweden and earned compliments from Swedish film director Ingmar Bergman .
org:members(e2,e1)	US Airways	Star Alliance	Kirby also commented that US Airways ' membership in the Star Alliance would make a merger with United Airlines easier but added that it's not meaningful enough to really be a factor .
no_relation	My First Sonny Weissmuller	Venus Flytrap	After the release of their second album Hoovering ( 2003 ) record label My First Sonny Weissmuller organized special evening shows for its bands which again meant many live performances for Venus Flytrap in 2003 and 2004 .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	State	Lawrence Eagleburger	It also did n't help when former Secretary of State Lawrence Eagleburger a McCain supporter was asked on NPR whether Palin would be ready on day one to step in if a crisis occurred .
per:title(e2,e1)	composer	Armando Manzanero	In recent years Zabaleta has collaborated with the Mexican composer Armando Manzanero with whom she has recorded two albums : de la A a la Z ( 2006 ) and Amarrados ( 2009 ) .
no_relation	Baldwin	Fulk of Jerusalem	The crusade had coincidentally arrived during a political crisis in Jerusalem : King Baldwin III had ruled jointly with his mother Melisende since the death of King Fulk of Jerusalem in 1143 when Baldwin was only 13 years old ; but Baldwin was now 18 and wished to assert his authority .
no_relation	Australia	Tandy	After a successful stint in gold mining in Australia he emigrated to New York in 1870 where he joined the Irish-American organization Napper Tandy the New York branch of the Clan-na-Gael .
no_relation	Singer	Rockwell	The problems had started during the funded study when Singer Librascope and Thomson CSF who were partnering with Rockwell to develop the combat system refused to release their intellectual property or their software code for Rockwell to sell .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	Her	Los Angeles	Her family moved to Los Angeles when she was two years old .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Peter McMartin	Jersey City	Peter McMartin was the second Mayor of Jersey City New Jersey .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	HSBC	Mumbai	In 1959 HSBC acquired The Mercantile Bank of India London and China established in October 1853 in Bombay ( now Mumbai ) .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Mali	Alpha Oumar	Abdoulaye Sow ( 1931 27 May 2013 ) was a Malian politician who served as Prime Minister of Mali from 12 April 1993 to 4 February 1994 under President Alpha Oumar .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Iran Khodro	Tehran	REUTERS Employees work at Iran Khodro 's joint venture assembly plant with France's Renault near Tehran .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	Esperanza High School	Placentia-Yorba Linda Unified School District	Esperanza High School ( EHS ) is a 9th 12th grade public high school located in Anaheim California and is part of the Placentia-Yorba Linda Unified School District .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Lebanon	Fouad Siniora	Pledges made at a donors conference here to raise money for Lebanon have reached more than 7.6 billion U.S. dollars providing great financial backing to Lebanese Prime Minister Fouad Siniora 's reform programs French President Jacques Chirac said on Thursday .
per:spouse(e1,e2)	Robert Wagner	Jill St. John	R.J. as actor Robert Wagner is known and his wife actress Jill St. John spend much of their free time at an out - of-state mountain resort .
org:top_members/employees(e1,e2)	Democratic Party	Walter Veltroni	It was the first time since 1946 that the Communists now gathered in the Democratic Party of the Left took part in the government of the country and one of their leaders Walter Veltroni who ran in ticket with Prodi in a long electoral campaign was Deputy Prime Minister .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Somon Air	Tajikistan	Somon Air also serves as the official carrier of President of the Republic of Tajikistan and other Tajikstan high-ranking officials .
org:founded(e2,e1)	1997	College of the North Atlantic	In 1997 College of the North Atlantic was formed from the province's five community colleges .
org:alternate_names(e1,e2)	Rutgers	The State University of New Jersey	* March 14 and 15 2008 * * Friday March 14 : 1:00 pm - 8:30 pm * * Saturday March 15 : 8:00 am - 5:30 pm * Douglass Campus Center Rutgers The State University of New Jersey New Brunswick NJ .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Europe	he	Like many of the other Europe members he grew up in Stockholm suburb Upplands .
no_relation	Pol Pot	Khmer Rouge	The Kampuchean Revolutionary Army ( ) was the official name of the armed forces of Democratic Kampuchea during Pol Pot 's regime mainly consisting of Khmer Rouge operatives .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Christopher Dodd	Connecticut	The panel's chairman Christopher Dodd a Connecticut Democrat is among those on Thursday saying they will support the Fed chief .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	Evergreen Group	Evergreen Marine	Today the Evergreen Group encompasses the Evergreen Marine Corporation Evergreen International Corporation EVA Air Evergreen Aviation Technologies Corporation Evergreen Air Services Corporation Evergreen Air Cargo Services Corporation and Evergreen International Storage and Services Corporation .
org:founded(e1,e2)	school	1998	The school received its charter in February 1998 and opened in September for the 1998-1999 academic year with 162 freshman 15 faculty and staff a newly renovated facility and a $ 1.2 million budget .
no_relation	Tom Bradley	Los Angeles	International Room 3rd Floor Tom Bradley International Hall 417 Charles E. Young Drive West Los Angeles CA - 90095 .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Albania	Bamir Topi	Furthermore President of Albania Bamir Topi awarded Pietro Mennea with the Medal of Gratitude with citation : For value and contribution as the former World record holder in Athletics and major figure in the Foundation Pietro Mennea created to help sport and research .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Pierre de Fermat	France	An exception is Pierre de Fermat an amateur mathematician and professional Magistrate in 1600s France who co-discovered Probability with Pascal discovered modern Number Theory that has led to Cryprography discovered Analytic/Cartesian Geometry before Descartes and several key calculus equations before Newton and Leibniz as well as important contributions to the speed of light in water .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	BioWare	Electronic Arts	By telephone from Edmonton Alberta Ray Muzyka the medical doctor who is chief executive of BioWare the Electronic Arts studio that made Mass Effect said : We 're hurt .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Bob Graham	Florida	Similar work visits were a favorite campiagn approach by Democrat Bob Graham the former Florida governor and senator who competed briefly for the presidential nomination in 2004 .
org:members(e2,e1)	New Hampshire Wildcats	University of New Hampshire	The 2012 13 New Hampshire Wildcats men's basketball team represented the University of New Hampshire during the 2012 13 NCAA Division I men's basketball season .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Tate Lyle	Spain	Tate Lyle the producer of Splenda sweetener is selling Syral its starch facilities in Britain Belgium France Spain and Italy for euro310 million ( US$ 427.2 million ) subject to closing adjustments .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	People	China	At a Shanghai meeting of the African Development Bank in May Zhou Xiaochuan president of the central bank the People 's Bank of China stressed that China and Africa should strengthen financial cooperation .
per:spouse(e1,e2)	D. W. Griffith	Linda Arvidson	Adapted for the screen by Frank E. Woods it was directed by D. W. Griffith and starred several pioneering legends of American cinema such as Arthur V. Johnson Florence Lawrence Marion Leonard Owen Moore Mack Sennett and Griffith's wife Linda Arvidson .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Zafarullah Khan Jamali	Pakistan Muslim League	Last week longtime political ally Zafarullah Khan Jamali a former prime minister resigned as a member of the ruling Pakistan Muslim League party although without providing any public explanation .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Dominican School of Philosophy and Theology	Berkeley	Bishop Paul Francis Cope 1941 Graduated with a degree in religious studies and philosophy from Stonehill College a masters degree in theology from Providence College and also attended the Dominican School of Philosophy and Theology in Berkeley California .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	Edward Waters College	Florida	He graduated from Edward Waters College in 1966 and received a master's degree from the University of North Florida ; he also graduated from the 130th Session of the FBI National Academy .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Khalifa bin Zayed Al Nahyan	United Arab Emirates	The defendant is a brother of Sheik Khalifa bin Zayed Al Nahyan who was appointed president of the United Arab Emirates in 2004 after the death of their father Sheik Zayed bin Sultan Al Nahyan .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	New York	NY1	Budd Mishkin ( born 1959 ) is a television host and correspondent for New York 's 24-hour news network NY1 .
org:top_members/employees(e1,e2)	Boston Properties	Mortimer Zuckerman	The deal was announced Saturday by Boston Properties a publicly traded trust led by Mortimer Zuckerman .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Central State University	Wilberforce	Smith a native of Loveland Ohio graduated from Central State University in Wilberforce Ohio .
per:spouse(e1,e2)	Franklin D. Roosevelt	Eleanor Roosevelt	Historical characters : William Randolph Hearst Franklin D. Roosevelt Eleanor Roosevelt Harry Hopkins Wendell L. Wilkie Herbert Hoover Harry Truman Thomas Pryor Gore and Gore Vidal himself Fictional characters : Caroline Sanford Blaise Sanford Peter Sanford James Burden Day Diana Day Enid Sanford Clay Overbury and Emma Sandford Charles A. Beard President Roosevelt and the Coming of War George Orwell Animal Farm Robert B .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Pakistan	Muhammad Mian Soomro	Pakistan 's President Pervez Musharraf and Caretaker Prime Minister Muhammad Mian Soomro on Thursday condemned two attacks which happened earlier that day near the capital Islamabad .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Samsung Engineering	Seoul	File : Dtssbld.jpg | Samsung Tae Pyung Ro HQ File : Korea HQ Office.jpg | The headquarters of Samsung Engineering in Seoul File : Samsung Engineering India office.jpg | Samsung Engineering India Office - New Delhi India File : Samsung japan headquarter.JPG | Samsung Japan's regional HQ at Roppongi Minato Tokyo Japan File :3 Church Street.JPG | The Samsung Hub formerly 3 Church Street is a skyscraper located in the Downtown Core of Singapore .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	DSV	Road	The company is structured in three divisions DSV Road DSV Air Sea and DSV Solutions .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	Department of Foreign Affairs and Trade	Austrade	The event is produced by the Department of Foreign Affairs and Trade Qantas Airways Tourism Australia and Austrade .
no_relation	Copenhagen	Copenhagen Business School	Frederiksberg houses the University of Copenhagen Faculty of Life Sciences Copenhagen Business School 9 public schools ( run by the municipality ) 3 private schools 1 technical college and more .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Nguy?n T?n	er of Vi	Nguy?n T?n D?ng ( born 17 November 1949 ) is the Prime Minist er of Vi etnam .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Cabinet	Prachanda	The CPN ( UML ) candidate in the constituency Mangal Gurung had withdrawn his candidature in order to enable the victory of Dev Gurung.Nepalnews.com news from Nepal as it happens After extended power-sharing discussions between parties Gurung was appointed as Minister of Law and Justice in a Cabinet headed by CPN ( M ) Chairman Prachanda and sworn in on August 22 2008 .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	Patna College	Patna University	in Sociology at Patna College in 1965 his M.A. in Sociology at Patna University in 1967 and his Ph.D. in Sociology at Patna University in 1980 .
no_relation	A-Channel	a	In 2007 CTVglobemedia received Canadian Radio-television and Telecommunications Commission ( CRTC ) approval to acquire CHUM ; while CTV did not originally plan to keep A-Channel it decided to do so following a CRTC requirement to sell the Citytv system .
no_relation	Frances Perkins	Labor	On Eleanor's recommendation he appointed one of her friends Frances Perkins as Labor Secretary and there was a sweeping reform of the labor laws .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Latvia	Valdis Zatlers	In 2008 the President of Latvia Valdis Zatlers awarded the director of the film Edvins Snore with the Order of the Three Stars .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Pakistan	Sharif	Reidel who is now a senior fellow at the Brookings Institution's Saban Center for Middle East Policy said the key to defeating militant Islam in Pakistan is not to be found in a debate of Bhutto vs. Sharif .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Buffalo Springfield	Stephen Stills	Paul Richard Richie Furay ( born May 9 1944 Yellow Springs Ohio ) is an American singer songwriter and Rock Roll Hall of Fame member who is best known for forming the bands Buffalo Springfield with Stephen Stills Neil Young Bruce Palmer and Dewey Martin and Poco with Jim Messina Rusty Young George Grantham and Randy Meisner .
org:members(e1,e2)	Air Force	312th Aeronautical Systems Wing	The 312th Aeronautical Systems Group ( 312 ASG ) is a component of the United States Air Force 312th Aeronautical Systems Wing .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Chang Jung Christian University	Tainan County	The show is being held at Chang Jung Christian University in Tainan County 's Gueiren township to mark Shen's graduation from the school's Department of Visual Art after four years of studies .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Vietnam	Ho Chi Minh	The American School of Vietnam is a private college preparatory school in Thao Dien a suburb of Ho Chi Minh City Vietnam .
org:top_members/employees(e2,e1)	SUAS	squadron	Students who are deemed an asset may be invited to continue their careers with SUAS and stay for a further year subject to them remaining in university and remaining committed to the squadron .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e2,e1)	Puerto Rico	Rivero	The first known walkathon was held in San Juan Puerto Rico in 1953 by the most famous and influential actor/comedian in the history of Puerto Rico Rivero better known as Diplo .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	South Crest School	Muntinlupa City	South Crest School is a private primary and secondary educational institution in Muntinlupa City in the Philippines .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	Cocker	Sheffield	After spending several months in Los Angeles Cocker returned home to Sheffield where his family became increasingly concerned with his deteriorating physical and mental health .
per:title(e2,e1)	President	Mohamed Ould Abdel Aziz	Mauritanian President Mohamed Ould Abdel Aziz and Prime Minister Moulay Ould Mohamed Laghdhaf met with the delegation headed by Farah Pandith the special representative of the Muslim community .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Canadian Alliance	Stockwell Day	She married Logan Day son of former Canadian Alliance leader Stockwell Day in 1999 .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	band	Netherlands	The band received nationwide notoriety in the Netherlands after lead singer Roger Peterson's participation in the Idols talent show in 2002 .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Vrangsinn	Misantrof ANTIRecords	Vrangsinn is the president of Misantrof ANTIRecords - a non-profit organization he established in 2007 .
no_relation	Ian Gillan Band	1975	The Ian Gillan Band was a jazz-rock fusion band formed by Deep Purple singer Ian Gillan in 1975 .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Education	Margaret Spellings	Supporters of the agency fear that Education Secretary Margaret Spellings may do the deed by inaction .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Six Flags	New York	Additionally we 've got a very aggressive season pass offer this year Brett Petit senior vice president for marketing at Six Flags in New York wrote in an e-mail .
org:top_members/employees(e2,e1)	Jeff Halper	Israeli Committee Against House Demolitions	Jeff Halper the head of the Israeli Committee Against House Demolitions said the government position was opposed to decades-old developments in human rights monitoring .
org:city_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Launceston	Scotch Oakburn College	Marcos grew up in Launceston in Tasmania Australia the son of another racing driver Ross Ambrose and was educated at Scotch Oakburn College .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Portugal	de Oliveira Salazar	The Portuguese-Spanish Treaty of Friendship and Non-Aggression ( ) more commonly known as the Iberian Pact ( Portuguese Spanish : Pacto ) was an international treaty signed on 17 March 1939 between Portugal 's right-wing dictatorship of the Estado Novo under de Oliveira Salazar and Spain's nationalist right-wing dictatorship of Francisco Franco who had just won the Spanish civil war ( 1936 1939 ) where he counted with Portuguese non-official collaboration .
per:title(e1,e2)	Amber Stevens	actress	His daughter Amber Stevens is an actress appearing in the ABC Family Channel series Greek .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Metrorail	Cape Town	Metrorail operates a commuter rail service in Cape Town and the surrounding area .
per:title(e2,e1)	Chairman	Christopher Cox	More company executives may face criminal charges as a result of ongoing federal investigations into stock-option backdating Securities and Exchange Commission Chairman Christopher Cox said Friday .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Legal Council of the League of Nations	he	In 1933 Lemkin made a presentation to the Legal Council of the League of Nations conference on international criminal law in Madrid for which he prepared an essay on the Crime of Barbarity as a crime against international law .
org:alternate_names(e1,e2)	FSG	New England Sports Ventures	FSG was founded in 2001 as New England Sports Ventures when John W. Henry joined forces with Tom Werner Les Otten The New York Times Company and other investors to successfully bid for the Red Sox .
per:spouse(e1,e2)	Mike Nichols	Diane Sawyer	But who can complain about the great Mike Nichols whose wife Diane Sawyer told Jake that she fell out of bed watching his Dreamgirl performance on SNL .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Reis	Swami Records	The band's recordings and merchandise were conducted in a Do it Yourself manner with Froberg providing all of the artwork and Reis releasing the material via his Swami Records label .
per:title(e2,e1)	President	Hu Jintao	On 19 January 2011 pianist Lang Lang played the theme song of this movie at a White House state dinner for Chinese President Hu Jintao .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Sergei Bagapsh	Russia	Separatist leader Sergei Bagapsh won Saturday's presidential election in Abkhazia -- the first such vote since Russia recognized the region as independent in August last year after a brief war with Georgia .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Health	Pascal Couchepin	The Swiss government spokesman said the operation felt discriminatory while Swiss Health Minister Pascal Couchepin had described the operation as a crackdown against banks linked to Switzerland .
no_relation	University of Oregon	Lane Community College	Other newspapers serving the area include the Eugene Weekly the Emerald the student-run independent newspaper at the University of Oregon now published on Mondays and Thursdays ; The Torch the student-run newspaper at Lane Community College the Ignite the newspaper at New Hope Christian College and The Mishpat the student-run newspaper at Northwest Christian University .
per:country_of_birth(e1,e2)	Abbas El Fassi	Morocco	Moroccan Prime Minister Abbas El Fassi said the kingdom would continue to mobilize to recover the two occupied cities and the neighboring islands according to Morocco 's official MAP news agency .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Rogue Wave	Brushfire Records	Permalight Rogue Wave 's fourth full-length album was released March 2 2010 through Brushfire Records .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Imperial College	Geoffrey Wilkinson	His industrial sabbatical at Imperial College London with Geoffrey Wilkinson in 1960-61 introduced him to organometallic chemistry .
org:founded_by(e2,e1)	Ted Turner	TBS	Storer leased the land to WJRJ which later became WTCG when purchased by Ted Turner and was best known as superstation WTBS ( now TBS on cable/satellite and Peachtree TV over-the-air ) .
org:members(e1,e2)	University of Southern California	USC Trojans	Craig attended the University of Southern California ( USC ) where he swam for the USC Trojans swimming and diving team .
per:origin(e2,e1)	Chinese	Jiang Zemin	Robert Lawrence Kuhn chairman of the Kuhn Foundation wrote a biography of former Chinese President Jiang Zemin .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	Royal Academy of Music	University of London	Armstrong received Bachelor of Music degree with First Class Honours from Royal Academy of Music University of London in performance in 2008 and Master of Science degree with honours from Pierre and Marie Curie University Paris in mathematics in 2012 .
no_relation	California State Normal School	California	A southern branch of the California State Normal School campus was created in Los Angeles in 1882 ( now the University of California Los Angeles ) .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	Viacom	MTV Networks	Viacom also acquired MTV Networks and CBS's KMOX-TV and tried to buy parts of MGM/UA Entertainment .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	University of Pittsburgh School of Medicine	Pittsburgh	Also serving as a clinical research center and home to the University of Pittsburgh School of Medicine 's Department of Psychiatry it is located in Thomas Detre Hall on O'Hara Street in the Oakland section of Pittsburgh and is connected to UPMC Presbyterian by an underground tunnel .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Food	Dubstar	Andy Ross continued running Food as a sub-label of EMI where it was the record label of Blur Idlewild Jesus Jones Dubstar Octopus and Grass Show .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Vietnam	Ho Chi Minh	Luu Van Kien 31-year-old office clerk of the Saigon Joint Stock Company in Vietnam 's economic hub southern Ho Chi Minh City unceasingly clicked on a website in hope of online buying a train ticket for a trip to Hanoi capital to visit his parents there before the approaching Lunar New Year Festival but notices on the computer monitor indicated that all tickets were sold out .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	Famous-Barr	Federated Department Stores	The May Department Stores Company ( which owned Famous-Barr and Marshall Field's stores ) was purchased by Federated Department Stores but Federated maintained its regional headquarters in the area .
org:members(e1,e2)	West	Santa Fe trails	The major trails for the opening of the American West all have their starting points on the river including the California Mormon Oregon and Santa Fe trails .
org:alternate_names(e2,e1)	Augusta	Augusta State University	Dr. Cashin returned to his hometown as associate history professor at Augusta College ( now Augusta State University ) in 1969 .
no_relation	London	Winston Churchill	In 1939 while working at the Foreign Office in London doing French-to-English translations Pamela met Randolph Churchill the son of Winston Churchill .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Lyric Street	Covington	However in April 2010 it was announced Lyric Street Records would be closing but Covington would be transferred to another label owned by Disney Music Group .
no_relation	Denver School of Science and Technology	Denver	He has chaired the Colorado Children's Campaign and served on the boards of the Denver School of Science and Technology the Metropolitan State College of Denver Foundation and Open World Learning as well as Denver's New America Schools where he spent two years as a volunteer superintendent .
org:alternate_names(e2,e1)	Universal Music Group	Vivendi	Universal Music Latin Entertainment is a record label owned by Universal Music Group ( Vivendi ) .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Guyana	Bharrat Jagdeo	The resolution of this dispute which is now final and binding on the parties will allow Guyana and Suriname to put this controversy behind them and to proceed to cooperate as good neighbors Guyanese President Bharrat Jagdeo said at a news conference in Guyana's capital Georgetown .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Spangles	Kansas	Spangles is a family-owned fast food chain based in Wichita Kansas .
org:city_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	New York City	Bear Stearns	She moved to New York City working at Bear Stearns until 1996 then moving to Bain Capital in Boston on private equity investment .
per:title(e2,e1)	Actor	Kellan Lutz	Actor Kellan Lutz ( pictured above ) who played her hunky boyfriend Andy in the episode will not be returning for the time being .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Papandreou	Greece	Papandreou 's government was the first in post-war Greece that redirected the nation's defense policy to suit its own security needs and not those of the United States .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Canadian Hockey League	Canada	The Canadian Hockey League ( CHL ) replaced the CAHA as the top junior league in Canada and subsequently the Memorial Cup become a round-robin series between the winners of the three CHL members leagues the Western Hockey League Ontario Hockey League and Quebec Major Junior Hockey League .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Lincoln High School	Tallahassee	A largely self-taught person he was chosen on December 1 1881 to teach at Lincoln High School in Tallahassee and on September 10 1892 he was selected principal of the school and served until retirement in 1926 .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Israel	Shiri Maimon	In the final was performed tenth on the night following Cyprus ' Constantinos Christoforou with Ela Ela ( Come Baby ) and preceding Israel 's Shiri Maimon with Hasheket Shenish ' ar .
per:title(e2,e1)	Prime Minister	Romano Prodi	Italian Prime Minister Romano Prodi on Wednesday survived a Senate vote of confidence in his centre-left government by 162 to 157 Speaker Franco Marini announced .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Orellana	Chile	He has since lived in Spain Italy the United States the UK and France.Ramirez Manuel Martin Orellana 1945-1975 ( Madrid 1975 Heliodoro ) ISBN 84-400-8803-5 thumb | left | Convulsionado 1959 private collection thumb | left | El Suicida 1961 private collection Orellana first studied Fine Art at the experimental Escuela Experimental de Artistica Santiago Chile .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Swami Records	John Reis	= = Discography = = Introducing The Husbands CD/LP Swami Records - produced by John Reis .
no_relation	SPDC	Thein Sein	Winning the seats of parliamentary house of representatives - elect are Thura U Shwe Mann member of the ruling State Peace and Development Council ( SPDC ) U Thein Sein Prime Minister and Thiha Thura U Tin Aung Myint Oo SPDC First Secretary the election commission said in an announcement .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	India	Reliance Energy	India 's Reliance Energy Ltd. has won a bid to build a US$ 4.9 billion ( euro3 .6 billion ) power project in central India that will boost the company's generating capacity five-fold .
no_relation	Thomas Lee	Virginia	Members of the family include Thomas Lee ( 1690 1750 ) a founder of the Ohio Company and a member of the Virginia House of Burgesses ; Francis Lightfoot Lee ( 1734 1797 ) and Richard Henry Lee ( 1732 1794 ) signers of the United States Declaration of Independence ; Thomas Sim Lee ( 1745 1819 ) Governor of Maryland and most famous General Robert E. Lee ( 1807 1870 ) Confederate States of America commander in the American Civil War .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Kuomintang	Ma Ying-jeou	In Kuomintang candidate Ma Ying-jeou 's search for his running mate for the 2008 ROC presidential election Tsai a DPP member was surprisingly suggested .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Ecuador	Rafael Correa	Relations between the United Kingdom and Ecuador were traditionally regarded as low-key but cordial especially before the election of Rafael Correa ; the Prince of Wales and Duchess of Cornwall visited the country in 2009 as part of a tour celebrating the bicentenary of Charles Darwin .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Idlewild	Roddy Woomble	The Impossible Song Other Songs is the third solo album by folk musician and Idlewild vocalist Roddy Woomble released on March 21 2011 on Greenvoe Records .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Manilow	Arista	Meanwhile Manilow 's record contract with Arista Records was not renewed due to new management .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Italy	Giorgio Napolitano	In December 2008 Miceli received a Silver Medal by the President of the Republic of Italy Giorgio Napolitano and he's the recipient of the Bravo Award 2012 in New York .
org:alternate_names(e1,e2)	Merzbow	Masami Akita	Merzbow Live Destruction at No Fun 2007 Audio CD $ 12.00 At this year's No Fun Fest the legendary Japanese noise king Merzbow ( Masami Akita ) gave a blistering performance that stunningly brought together both his classic analog and recently-explored digital concerns .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Columbia	Stafford	Issued by Columbia Records as catalog number 39811 it was Stafford 's greatest hit topping the charts in both the United States and the United Kingdom ( the first song by a female singer to top the UK chart ) .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Japan	Yoshiki	Extasy was created by X Japan 's drummer and leader Yoshiki and signed bands not limited to visual kei acts that would go on to make marks on the Japanese music scene including Zi : Kill Tokyo Yankees and Ladies Room .
org:top_members/employees(e2,e1)	Arthur Mutambara	MDC-M	The unity government in Zimbabwe involving President Robert Mugabe Prime Minister Morgan Tsvangirai and Deputy Prime Minister Arthur Mutambara ( MDC-M ) is currently charting rocky seas following Tsvangirai's partial disengagement from the government on October 16 .
org:founded(e2,e1)	1912	University of Oregon	Founded in 1912 the school is located in Allen Hall at the University of Oregon 's Eugene campus .
org:members(e2,e1)	Cardiff	University of Wales	Cardiff was once a full member of the university but has now left ( though it retained some ties ) having previously merged with the University of Wales College of Medicine ( which was also a former member ) .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Hart High School	Newhall	He attended William S. Hart High School in Newhall California where he was an outstanding student and athlete .
no_relation	2005	Velvet	The original 1968 mix of Stephanie Says was included on the 2005 Velvet Underground compilation album Gold .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	HSBC	London	HSBC Holdings plc ( commonly known as HSBC ) is a British multinational banking and financial services company headquartered in London United Kingdom .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Lake Local School District	Ohio	Lake Local School District is a public school district in Northwest Ohio .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	John Quincy Adams	United States	The first son of a former President to be elected to the Nation's highest office John Quincy Adams was chosen by the United States House of Representatives after none of the four candidates secured a majority of the electoral college vote in the 1824 presidential election in accordance with the Twelfth Amendment .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Egypt	EgyptAir	The airline was established in 1982 to fly scheduled services between Egypt and Israel ( on routes previously flown by Nefertiti Aviation ) which for political reasons could not be handled by parent company EgyptAir .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Singapore	Tiger Aviation	A new South Korea-based budget carrier owned by Singapore 's Tiger Aviation which runs Tiger Airways and Incheon city expects to start flights within the next 12 months a company executive said Monday .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Education	Margaret Spellings	With Congressional efforts to rewrite the law stalled Secretary of Education Margaret Spellings has begun using her executive powers to correct the weaknesses in it .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Tommy Thompson	Wisconsin	On the Republican side former one-term Maryland Gov. Robert L. Erlich and Tommy Thompson who served 14 years as Wisconsin governor are considering another run .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	CBS Radio	CBS Corporation	The suit names Imus individually but is also against MSNBC NBC Universal CBS Radio CBS Corporation Viacom Inc Westwood One Radio and Imus producer Bernard McGuirk .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	He	Nepal	He asked India to help Nepal frame a new constitution and to invest in Nepal's infrastructure and its tourism industry .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	she	Ontario	On October 23 2003 she was named parliamentary assistant to Steve Peters the Ontario Minister of Agriculture and Food .
org:city_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Hong Kong	Golden Harvest	In 1982 Ohara went to Hong Kong where he directed films for Golden Harvest including the popular China Scandal : Exotic Dance a co-production with Nikkatsu .
per:cities_of_residence(e2,e1)	Atlanta	Jermaine Dupri	One of Ruffhouse biggest hits came in 1992 when a pair of Atlanta 12-year-olds under the wing of Jermaine Dupri entry ( with Joe and Phil engineering and mixing and Joe exec-producing ) released the quadruple-platinum Totally Krossed Out ( No. 1 ) .
no_relation	Umar	Medina	After the pressure exerted by Umar Khalid's cousin and one of Caliph Abu Bakr's main advisors Abu Bakr called Khalid back to Medina to explain himself .
per:alternate_names(e2,e1)	Grenada	Keith Mitchell	Notable alumni of American University include aviation expert Stephen Latchford NBC anchor of Meet the Press David Gregory journalist Neil Cavuto President and COO of Goldman Sachs Gary Cohn TV personality Judith Sheindlin ( Judge Judy ) Bahraini Crown Prince Salman bin Hamad bin Isa Al Khalifa former Prime Minister of Grenada Keith Mitchell former US Senator Robert Byrd author Max Brooks TV personality Star Jones actress America Ferrera Blackboard Inc. co-founders Matthew Pittinsky and Michael Chasen broadcaster David Aldridge human rights activist John Prendergast cryptographer Bruce Schneier C-SPAN journalist Steve Scully American screenwriter Barry Levinson American actress Goldie Hawn and former NBA player Kermit Washington .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Anderson	Maryland	In 1994 Anderson introduced a bill to raise the age after which a Maryland public school student could dropout from age 16 to age 18 .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Suggs	Madness	Suggs before joining Madness had been a roadie for Skrewdriver in 1978 .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	She	Chicago	She helped mitigate crime in the Cabrini-Green housing project and guide Chicago 's school system out of a financial crisis .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Michael Learns to Rock	Denmark	Michael Learns to Rock completed touring their home-country Denmark having played unplugged concerts in February and March 2010 with fair success .
org:city_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Syracuse NY	Syracuse University	It was located in Lima NY and eventually relocated to Syracuse NY becoming Syracuse University .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Council for National Security	Sonthi Boonyaratglin	Singapore is surprised at what Council for National Security Chief Sonthi Boonyaratglin was reported to have said about getting back Thai national assets which have been sold to foreigners the city-state's Foreign Ministry said in a statement late Friday .
org:members(e1,e2)	NYSE	Merck Co.	In 2002 Gentiva sold its specialty pharmaceutical services division which administered infusion and injectable pharmaceuticals to patients with both acute and chronic disease to Accredo Health Inc. for $ 415 million in cash and stock.Gentiva Makes $ 415M Deal - Newsday - HighBeam Research Accredo in turn was acquired by Medco ( NYSE : MHS ) a former division of Merck Co. for $ 2.2 billion in February 2005 .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	International	International Confederation of Free Trade Unions	The Plantation Workers International Federation ( abbreviated PWIF ) was an international trade secretariat of the International Confederation of Free Trade Unions .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Taiwan	Public Television Service	The debate -- the first ever between a president and an opposition leader in Taiwan -- will run two-and-a-half hours starting at 2 p.m. and broadcast live on Public Television Service ( PTS ) .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Atlantic	Sam Dave	Atlantic Records artists Sam Dave 's records were released on the Stax label and featured the MGs .
org:alternate_names(e1,e2)	Silicon Graphics	SGI	Silicon Graphics Inc. ( commonly initialised to SGI historically sometimes referred to as Silicon Graphics Computer Systems or SGCS ) was a manufacturer of high-performance computing solutions including computer hardware and software founded in 1981 by Jim Clark .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Tehran University of Medical Sciences	Tehran	Jafarian S Gorouhi F Salimi S Lotfi J. Department of Neurology Shariati Hospital Tehran University of Medical Sciences and Iranian Center of Neurological Sciences Medical Sciences-University of Tehran Tehran Iran .
org:city_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Montreal	Montreal Symphony Orchestra	File : Granche Comme si.JPG | Pierre Granche's Comme si le temps . . de la rue an ensemble of symbolic aluminium free-standing sculptures in a large fountain basin visible from the exterior and interior of Place des Arts Montreal Quebec File : Claude Bettinger artiste.jpg | Installation by Claude Bettinger Place des Arts Montreal Quebec The Place des Arts includes six halls of various sizes : Construction of a new concert hall for the Montreal Symphony Orchestra was completed in 2011 at the cost of C$ 105 million and seats approximately spectators .
org:members(e2,e1)	Seawolves	Division I	Recap : After winning their first outright Big South Championship the prior week the Seawolves headed to their first NCAA Division I playoff game in program history ranked # 22 in The Sports Network poll .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Malaysia	Mahathir bin Mohamad	Described as the sports complex in a park it is the only one of its kind in the country or region when it was fully developed it was officially inaugurated by the Prime Minister of Malaysia 's Tun Dr. Mahathir bin Mohamad on 1 January 1998 based in 1998 Commonwealth Games it was officially opening ceremonies .
per:spouse(e1,e2)	Freeman	Myrna Colley-Lee	Freeman 's wife is Myrna Colley-Lee .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Nepal	Prachanda	Visiting Nepal Prime Minister Prachanda Tuesday said that all bilateral agreements with India needed to be reviewed the Indo - Asian News Service reported .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Helix High School	La Mesa	Hopper was voted most likely to succeed by his high school class ( Helix High School La Mesa California a suburb of San Diego ) .
no_relation	EAC	Tanzania	Deputy EAC Secretary-General Ali Mchumo made the announcement on Friday night at a one-day seminar of media owners and editors from Kenya Uganda and Tanzania in Arusha where the EAC headquarters is located .
no_relation	university	him	He has used football and his great personal skills to bring about better community relations in Orangeburg the Palmetto State and beyond and I think it's very fitting that the university has bestowed this honor upon him .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Tim Commerford	Rage Against the Machine	Tim Commerford ( AKA Timmy C ) of Rage Against the Machine played the StingRay almost exclusively until around 1995 .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Forest School	West Sussex	The Forest School is a comprehensive secondary school for boys in Horsham West Sussex .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Social Solidarity	Paolo Ferrero	Social Solidarity Minister Paolo Ferrero said the Italian employers federation Confindustria should exclude companies that did not respect safety standards .
per:origin(e2,e1)	Italian	Stefano Zoff	He lost the title in his first defense to Italian Stefano Zoff later that year .
org:members(e2,e1)	Tacoma Sabercats	West Coast Hockey League	It also hosted the Tacoma Rockets Western Hockey League team from 1991 to 1995 the Tacoma Sabercats of the West Coast Hockey League from 1997 to 2002 The Tacoma Stars indoor soccer team of the MISL from 1983 to 1992 gymnastics events during the 1990 Goodwill Games numerous other minor league ice hockey and indoor soccer teams .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	Aloisiuskolleg	bonn	He graduated at the Aloisiuskolleg in Bonn and studied law and history at the bonn in and the University of Freiburg he passed his first state examination in law in 1979 and his second 1982 earning his doctorate of law ( Dr. jur . ) .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	France	Jeanne III of Navarre	Margaret married King Henry III of Navarre who ultimately succeeded to her brothers as Henry IV of France ( from this marriage she was also the Duchess of ) the son of the Protestant queen Jeanne III of Navarre and of the First Prince of the Blood Antoine de Bourbon in a union that was designed to reunite family ties ( the Bourbons were part of the French Royal family and the closest relatives to the reigning Valois branch ) and create harmony between Catholics and the Protestant Huguenots .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Saybana Sankoh	Sierra Leone	Charles Taylor then leader of the National Patriotic Front of Liberia reportedly helped form the Revolutionary United Front ( RUF ) under the command of former Sierra Leonean army corporal Foday Saybana Sankoh an ethnic Temne from Tonkolili District in Northern Sierra Leone .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	The Walt Disney Company	its	In 2008 JE licensed out Jetix France to The Walt Disney Company France and Disney-ABC-ESPN Television became its channel distribution servicer .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Interior	Giuliano Amato	Italian Interior Minister Giuliano Amato claimed that a new alliance between the State and Sicilian society was shaking off Mob influence .
no_relation	1996	Portland Power	With the formation of the American Basketball League in 1996 Steding returned to Oregon and became the founding player for the Portland Power .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Cinergy	Cincinnati	This is Suman from Trinity consulting Inc.Please let me know if you have any resource available for the the following position with the updated resume Availability Contact number and rate ASAP Please send me resumes rate and contact info of your own consultants for the following : 1 year + contract with Cinergy in Cincinnati OH .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Correa	Ecuador	Correa has threatened to default on Ecuador 's foreign debt and to suspend review of the country's economy by the World Bank and the International Monetary Fund ; indeed on April 26 2007 he ordered the expulsion from Ecuador of the World Bank's country manager .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Nepal	Prachanda	The Nepali government and people of Nepal unreservedly deplore in strongest terms these cowardly terrorist attacks Prachanda said in a message sent to Indian Prime Minister Dr. Manamohan Singh .
per:origin(e2,e1)	American	James K. Polk	Albert Gallatin Jewett ( born 1802 ) was the American d'Affaires to Peru in the mid-1840s under the administration of President James K. Polk Born in Pittston Maine in 1802 and a graduate of Colby College in Waterville Jewett practiced law in Bangor Maine from 1829 until leaving for Peru in 1845 .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	he	Pakistan	Convicted and sentenced to life imprisonment on charges he said were politically motivated Sharif retreated into exile in December 2000 returning to Pakistan in November 2007 with Musharraf's agreement .
no_relation	John Paul II Institute	Family at The Catholic University of America	Residents of Quincy House have been known to study philosophy theology and national security at CUA http://www.cua.edu the Pontifical John Paul II Institute for Studies on Marriage and Family at The Catholic University of America http://www.johnpaulii.edu and The Institute of World Politics http://www.iwp.edu respectively .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Hong Kong	Szeto Wah	Members of the Hong Kong Alliance in Support of Patriotic Democratic Movements in China including pro-democracy activist Szeto Wah waved novelty inflatable plastic Olympic flames which they said symbolised democracy.SCMP .
no_relation	Frank Bainimarama	Fiji	After the 2006 military coup by Frank Bainimarama Anthony was appointed to the Board of Fiji National Provident Fund ( FNPF ) and the Board of Telecom Fiji .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Thein Sein	SPDC	When in the new capital Gambari met with Myanmar's Prime Minister General Thein Sein First Secretary of the State Peace and Development Council ( SPDC ) Lieutenant-General Thiha Thura Tin Aung Myint Oo senior leaders of the NLD and the National Unity Party and representatives of national races as well as diplomatic corps and U.N. Country Team .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	Production I.G	XEBEC	The company performed a merger with Production I.G on December 1 2007 to form the new company IG Port becoming one of IG Port's subsidiaries alongside XEBEC .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Vietnam	Ho Chi Minh	The suspect left Finland last month and entered Vietnam through Ho Chi Minh City's Tan Son Nhat International Airport the police-run newspaper Cong An Nhan Dan reported .
no_relation	Cerezo	Guatemala	During the 1988 confrontation between Manuel Noriega and the United States Cerezo frequently recalled Lobos Zamora to Guatemala to provide updates and discuss the situation ; the Guatemalan government paid close attention to the situation and sought to act as a mediator between Panama and the United States .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	Obama	Chicago	Obama and Ayers first met at the first Chicago Annenberg Challenge board of directors meeting at noon on March 15 1995 at the headquarters of the Spencer Foundation on the 28th floor of the 900 North Michigan building in Chicago .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Ugo Tognazzi	Italy	Antonio Pepe ( Ugo Tognazzi ) is the Chief Police Inspector of a provincial small city in North of Italy .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Nebraska	JCI Ralston	As Ralston Nebraska is known as the Independence City the local Chamber of Commerce holds many events around Independence Day which JCI Ralston volunteers for .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Pantera	Dimebag Darrell	Album track Dimes in Heaven was written as a tribute to recently deceased Pantera and Damageplan guitarist Dimebag Darrell .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Ahmad Zia Massoud	Afghanistan	One of his six brothers Ahmad Zia Massoud was the Vice President of Afghanistan from 2004 until 2009 under the first democratically elected government of Afghanistan .
no_relation	Socialist Party	Communist Party of Ukraine	Late 2002 Viktor Yushchenko ( Our Ukraine ) Oleksandr Moroz ( Socialist Party of Ukraine ) Petro Symonenko ( Communist Party of Ukraine ) and Yulia Tymoshenko ( Yulia Tymoshenko Bloc ) issued a joint statement concerning the beginning of a state revolution in Ukraine .
no_relation	Lisbon	Portuguese Communist Party	Despite being less influential since the fall of the Socialist bloc in eastern Europe the party still enjoys popularity in large sectors of Portuguese society particularly in the rural areas of the Alentejo and Ribatejo and in the heavily industrialized areas around Lisbon and where it holds the leadership of several Municipais de CDU Portuguese Communist Party URL accessed 20 June 2006 The Party publishes the weekly Avante !
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	Sampo	Group	In 1999 the state-owned bank was merged with Sampo PLC's insurance business to form the Sampo Group .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	The Hutchins School	Tasmania	The Hutchins School is an independent Anglican day and boarding school for boys located in Sandy Bay a suburb of Hobart Tasmania Australia .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Malaysia	International Islamic University Malaysia	Generally the law degree programmes in Malaysia consist of civil law subjects but there are institutions such as International Islamic University Malaysia and Universiti Sultan Zainal Abidin that include Sharia or Islamic law courses as requirements for admission and graduation .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	he	England	Actually he spent much of his childhood working at an ice cream parlor that his father an Italian immigrant owned and operated on the Isle of Wight off the southern coast of England .
org:city_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Burbank	Disney	Based in Burbank near Los Angeles Disney recently bought back control of the marketing of Marvel-made movies from Viacom Inc.'s Paramount Pictures starting with The Avengers in 2012 .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	those	Venezuela	She sidestepped an opportunity to confront those who accused Colombia and the United States of plotting military aggression against Venezuela .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Hafslund	Oslo	Hafslund and Viken Energinett that operated the power grid in Oslo were merged in 2002 .
no_relation	Persian	Vidyasagar	In Canada she has collaborated with Persian santur player Alan Kushan Hindustani sitar player James Hamilton Carnatic singer Vidyasagar Vankayala Vietnamese group Khac Chi Ensemble Multi-instrumentalist Randy Raine-Reusch Klezmer woodwind player Mike Braverman African drummer Mandido Morris Mozaico Flamenco Dance Theatre Uzume Taiko and Celtic band Mad Pudding .
org:alternate_names(e1,e2)	Hamdard Laboratories	Waqf	Hamdard Laboratories ( Waqf ) Pakistan is a private non-profit research laboratory famous for its Unani and ayurvedic medicine .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Florida	Florida Gators baseball	He attended the University of Florida in Gainesville Florida where he played for the Florida Gators baseball team for a single season in 1919 .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	American	Black Francis	Gigantic is a song by the American alternative rock band Pixies co-written by bassist Kim Deal and lead vocalist/guitarist Black Francis .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	Warfare Combatant-Craft Crewman	United States Navy	The Special Warfare Combatant-Craft Crewman insignia ( SWCC insignia ) is a military qualification badge of the United States Navy which was first conceived in 1996 though the design was not approved for wear until 2001 .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Mississippi	Millsaps College	Belhaven houses one university within the neighborhood itself Belhaven University and is located within relative proximity to two other universities The University of Mississippi Medical Center and Jackson State University as well as two colleges Millsaps College and Mississippi College School of Law .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Mt. Angel School District	Mt. Angel	Mt. Angel School District ( 91 ) is a public school district in Mt. Angel Oregon United States .
per:origin(e1,e2)	Williams	American	The left hook caught Williams on the jaw and sent the American toppling face - first to the canvas for the count at 1:10 of the second round .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Spector	Philles Records	The record was the first release on Spector 's new Philles Records subsidiary label Phi-Dan Records and received a great deal of critical praise and interest within the music industry .
org:city_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Warsaw	Warsaw School of Economics	Lachowski graduated with distinction from the Foreign Trade faculty of the Central School of Planning and Statistics in Warsaw ( now the Warsaw School of Economics ) .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	Franklin Carmichael	Toronto	Tom Thomson J. E. H. MacDonald Arthur Lismer Frederick Varley Frank Johnston and Franklin Carmichael met as employees of the design firm Grip Ltd. in Toronto .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Ryan	Utah	Ryan worked for the Utah Catzz of the Professional Indoor Football League .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Ruston	Louisiana Tech University	The records and physical artifacts related to Camp Ruston continue to grow in the archives maintained by the Special Collections Department at Louisiana Tech University .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	J Mascis	Massachusetts	The album was recorded at J Mascis ' studio in Amherst Massachusetts .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Nawaz Sharif	Pakistan	The Nawaz Sharif government also established the Chagai I Medal and it was first awarded to the scientists of Pakistan in 1998 who were witnessed the tests .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	He	Los Angeles County Board	He is a member of the Los Angeles County Board of Supervisors representing District 3 which includes the San Fernando Valley the Westside of Los Angeles and coastal areas between Venice and the Ventura County line .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Yale	Connecticut	He founded both Yale Repertory Theatre in New Haven Connecticut and the American Repertory Theatre in Cambridge Massachusetts where he remains a Creative Consultant and has been the theatre critic for The New Republic since 1959 .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Vietnam	Ho Chi Minh	Vietnam currently houses two securities trading entities : Ho Chi Minh City Stock Exchange and Hanoi Securities Trading Center .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Janet Weiss	Sleater-Kinney	At Sleater-Kinney last show on August 12 2006 guest opener Eddie Vedder of Pearl Jam sang the song as a duet with Janet Weiss of Sleater-Kinney .
org:city_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	London	Institute of Education	In 1996 she established the London Leadership Centre at the University of London 's Institute of Education .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Taylor Swift	Big Machine	With her two albums Taylor Swift in 2006 and Fearless in 2008 ( both on the Big Machine label ) Swift has built her career by way of Nashville and country radio .
no_relation	days	Glendale Community College	He later spent his adolescent days in the United States and played collegiate ball at the Glendale Community College .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Bio	Sierra Leone	Bio officially became a member of the Sierra Leone People's Party ( SLPP ) in 2005 .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Joseph Sinde Warioba	Tanzania	Joseph Sinde Warioba ( born September 3 1940 ) served as Prime Minister of Tanzania from 1985 to 1990 .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Dundee-Crown High School	Illinois	He attended Dundee-Crown High School in Carpentersville Illinois where as a senior he had an 8-0 record in baseball .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	State	Dean Acheson	In January 1946 U.S. Under Secretary of State Dean Acheson asked Lilienthal to chair a five-member panel of consultants to a committee composed of himself and four others advising President Harry S. Truman and Secretary of State James F. Byrnes about the position of the United States at the United Nations on the new menace of nuclear weapons .
org:founded(e1,e2)	University of	1780	But the modern University of was founded in 1780 with four faculties : Law Health Science ( Medicine ) Philosophy and Theology .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	his	Montana	While in office Mansfield also fostered relations between his home state of Montana and Japan .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	John Mellencamp	Columbia	Trouble No More is American singer-songwriter and musician John Mellencamp 's eighteenth full-length album and his final recording for Columbia Records released in 2003 .
per:country_of_birth(e1,e2)	Alim Qasimov	Azerbaijan	Alim Qasimov ( born August 14 1957 ) is an Azerbaijani musician and one of the foremost mugam singers in Azerbaijan .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	David C. Broderick	California	The Broderick Terry duel ( subsequently called the last notable American duel ) was fought between United States Senator David C. Broderick of California and ex-Chief Justice David S. Terry of the Supreme Court of California on September 13 1859 .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e2,e1)	California	Nina Olivette	Stockwell was born in Hollywood California the son of Nina Olivette ( Elizabeth Margaret Veronica ) an actress and dancer and Harry Bayless Stockwell or Harry Stockwell an actor and singer .
per:title(e1,e2)	Culp	actor	During negotiations with creator and executive producer Gerry Anderson Culp expressed himself to be not only an asset as an actor but also as a director and producer for the proposed series .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Stephen Harper	Canada	Manning's chief policy adviser was Stephen Harper a student at the University of Calgary and now the Prime Minister of Canada .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Dickinson	England	Dickinson who is now living near his native city of Durham northeast England labelled the decision pretty stupid .
per:alternate_names(e1,e2)	Bill Dundee	Dundee	He was bought in by George Barnes to help feud with Bill Dundee who Barnes had turned on and said Dundee had gotten too American .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	General Motors	Opel	A report in Tuesday's Sueddeutsche Zeitung cited US ratings agency Moody's as saying that General Motors will need more than five billion euros to turn around Opel rather than the three billion GM has mentioned before .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Dalian University of Technology	Dalian	Dalian University of Technology Press ( ) or DUTP is a university press owned by Dalian University of Technology located in Dalian Liaoning Province China .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Canada	UBC	The 2012 2013 Times Higher Education rankings list the university 19th in the world and first in Canada in the field of social sciences.http : / / www.timeshighereducation.co.uk/world-university-rankings/2012-13/subject-ranking/subject/social-sciences In particular the UBC Vancouver School of Economics is ranked the best in Canada and among the top 30 Economics departments in the world .
org:founded_by(e2,e1)	Mark Randel	Terminal Reality	Mark Randel is an American game programmer and the founder principal technologist and majority owner of Terminal Reality .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Mary Cassatt	France	Although the American painter Mary Cassatt had inspired many Cassatt had had to move permanently to France to get serious recognition for her work .
org:founded_by(e1,e2)	group	Mikhail Fridman	The group was founded in 1989 as Alfa-Eco by Mikhail Fridman one of the most influential business leaders in Russia during the Yeltsin presidency and one of the Russian oligarchs in partnership with German Khan Alexei Kuzmichov and several other partners .
org:top_members/employees(e1,e2)	Vogue	Alexandra Shulman	It's lost that feeling of craziness but at the same time the actual designs are new British Vogue editor Alexandra Shulman told AFP .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Tommy Thompson	Wisconsin	Prior to assuming the role of governor upon the appointment of Tommy Thompson as Secretary of Health and Human Services McCallum served as a member of the Wisconsin State Senate and as the 41st Lieutenant Governor of Wisconsin .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Kenya	Raila Odinga	Former UN chief Kofi Annan who helped broker an end to Kenya 's 2007 post - election violence will visit the country this week for talks with President Mwai Kibaki and Prime Minister Raila Odinga a statement said .
no_relation	Busselton	Georgiana Molloy Anglican School	Primary schools in the Busselton area include Busselton Primary West Busselton Cornerstone Christian College Dunsborough Primary Geographe Primary School and Education Support Centre Georgiana Molloy Anglican School Our Lady of the Cape St. Joseph's and Vasse Primary .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Janez	Slovenia	Ivan ( pronounced ; born 17 September 1958 ) baptized and best known as Janez is a Slovenian politician who was Prime Minister of Slovenia from February 2012 until March 2013 .
org:members(e2,e1)	Tiverton Town F.C.	One	The county's biggest non-league club is Tiverton Town F.C. which competes in the Southern Football League Division One South West .
per:country_of_birth(e1,e2)	Hajjar	Lebanon	Hajjar 's family fled Lebanon during the Civil War moving to the United States and settling in El Paso Texas .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Theodore Roosevelt	United States	After practicing law in Boston for three decades in 1905 Dodge was named by President Theodore Roosevelt to the United States District Court for the District of Massachusetts .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Kabila	Democratic Republic	When Kabila gained control of the capital in May 1997 he faced substantial obstacles to governing the country which he renamed the Democratic Republic of Congo ( DRC ) .
org:alternate_names(e2,e1)	Texas University	Texas Aggies	Foldberg attended Texas University in College Station Texas where he played for the Texas Aggies football team for a single season in 1942 .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	DreamWorks	SKG	Bee Movie Game is a video game based on the film Bee Movie produced by DreamWorks Animation SKG .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Charles Taylor	Liberia	The border known here as the Bo Waterside was closed in 1990 when Charles Taylor 's National Patriotic Party of Liberia ( NPFL ) launched an uprising against the regime of the then president Samuel Doe .
org:city_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Stillwater	Oklahoma State Cowboys	Mercer attended Oklahoma State University Stillwater where he played baseball for the Oklahoma State Cowboys baseball team in the Big 12 Conference .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Texas	University of Texas of the Permian Basin	He currently resides in Midland Texas with his wife Dr. Gae Kovalick a University of Texas of the Permian Basin professor of Biology .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Lebanon	Lebanese Armed Forces	In a statement read out by its January President Augustine Mahiga of Tanzania the Council also called on Syria to take measures to stop movements of arms and personnel into Lebanon.Security Council calls on Lebanon to assert control over all its territory The Lebanese government officially responded to the resolution on the Lebanese Armed Forces ( LAF ) website in three ways : Hezbollah and the Loyalty to the Resistance bloc denounced a report on the resolution in 2010 as meddling in Lebanese affairs .
no_relation	Bakhtiar Rahmani	Foolad F.C.	Bakhtiar Rahmani ( born September 23 1991 ) is an Iranian footballer who plays for Foolad F.C. in the IPL .
org:members(e2,e1)	10th Mountain Division	United States Army	The 10th Mountain Division Special Troops Battalion is a special troops battalion of the United States Army headquartered at Fort Drum New York .
per:origin(e2,e1)	American	Isaac Hayes	- American funk-soul musician Isaac Hayes in Memphis Tennessee aged 65 .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	India	Morarji Desai	Desai replied that the Indian military knew full well that if martial law were to be imposed there would be thousands of bodies littering the streets of India and one of them would be that of Morarji Desai .
no_relation	New Orleans	Freddie Keppard	Although Bechet spent his childhood and adolescence in New Orleans from 1914 to 1917 he was touring and traveling going as far north as Chicago and frequently teaming up with Freddie Keppard another notable Creole musician .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Lebanon	Fiji Infantry Regiment	He was in Lebanon from 1986 to 1987 as a platoon commander in the Charlie company of the First Battalion Fiji Infantry Regiment .
per:title(e2,e1)	Prime Minister	Michael Somare	Papua New Guinea Prime Minister Michael Somare will visit New Zealand on April 19-23 New Zealand Prime Minister John Key announced on Wednesday .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Treasury	Robert Rubin	Chairman Jeffrey Immelt brokerage founder and CEO Charles Schwab former Treasury secretary Robert Rubin and New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	Crossair	bern	On the night of November 24 2001 Thornton died in the crash of Crossair Flight 3597 near Bassersdorf near bern in Switzerland.Information on the airplane crash that killed singer Melanie Thornton Thornton had given her final performance in Leipzig and afterwards taken the ill-fated plane from Berlin to for radio and TV appearances ( among others the broadcast Die Bar on TV3 which was cancelled ) to promote her new single Wonderful Dream ( Holidays Are Coming ) ( a Christmas ballad recorded for a German Coca-Cola TV commercial ) and her album Ready To Fly ( New Edition ) .
org:alternate_names(e1,e2)	Liberal Party	Partido Liberal	In contrast to most other liberals in Latin America the Honduran liberals remained united in one party the Liberal Party of Honduras ( Partido Liberal de Honduras ) .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Gallaudet University	Washington	Becker's college coaching career began in 1994 when he became an assistant at Gallaudet University in Washington D.C .
no_relation	he	Lithuania	But he was out of power by the time Lithuania joined after a shock 2003 re - election defeat to Rolandas Paksas a populist former stunt pilot .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Mick Taylor	Rolling Stones	Mick Taylor the Rolling Stones ' second guitarist played bass on the track due to bassist Bill Wyman's absence that night and Mick Jagger plays guitar .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Samy Vellu	Malaysian Indian Congress	S. Samy Vellu 74 has led the Malaysian Indian Congress ( MIC ) the third - largest party in the ruling Barisan Nasional ( BN ) coalition for more than three decades .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Kim	Presidium	Kim whose official title is president of the Presidium of the Supreme People's Assembly or parliament left for Namibia Angola and Uganda .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Kanazawa University	Kanazawa	Graduating from Tokyo Imperial University in 1887 Takayasu worked at what was to become Kanazawa University School of Medicine in Kanazawa Ishikawa .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Peterson	MPS	Some cognoscenti assert that Peterson 's best recordings were made for MPS in the late 1960s and early 1970s .
no_relation	Ronald Reagan	California	The former first lady is being treated at the Ronald Reagan Medical Center at the University of California in Los Angeles ( UCLA ) .
org:top_members/employees(e2,e1)	Wu Dingfu	China Insurance Regulatory Commission	Despite the growth in business problems remain including low efficiency and high costs said Wu Dingfu head of the China Insurance Regulatory Commission the industry watchdog at the conference .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	West Chester	Brandon DiCamillo	Gnarkill was an American parody band that formed in West Chester Pennsylvania in 2002 and comprises vocalist Brandon DiCamillo guitarist Rich Vose keyboardist Bam Margera drummer Jess Margera and mixer Matt Cole .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Suharto	Indonesia	Suharto was elected as head of the Non-Aligned Movement in 1992 while Indonesia became a founding member of APEC in 1989 and host to the Bogor APEC Summit in 1994 .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	National Police	Marseilles	FBI agents arrested Ternus in Cooper City Florida and the French National Police located and recovered all four paintings from inside a van in Marseilles France .
org:top_members/employees(e2,e1)	Stephen Green	HSBC	The newspaper said Michael Geoghegan was the loser in a boardroom battle to succeed Stephen Green who is stepping down as chairman of HSBC Holdings PLC to take a government job .
org:top_members/employees(e2,e1)	Jeff Zucker	NBC	This subplot was based on real-life in which Jeff Zucker then-President and CEO of NBC Universal who attended the House Judiciary Committee hearing in February 2010 in discussions of the NBC-Comcast deal was asked by United States Representative Maxine Waters why the NBC network had not attempted to create shows that would appeal to the black community .
org:alternate_names(e1,e2)	Consolidated Rail Corporation	Conrail	However despite the changes the Erie Lackawanna continued to lose strength and in 1975 agreed to become part of the Consolidated Rail Corporation dubbed Conrail effective April 1 1976 .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Flipmode Squad	Spliff Star	He is also a member of Flipmode Squad with other rappers such as Busta Rhymes Spliff Star and Reek da Villian .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	Stella Adler	Los Angeles	Stella Adler ( February 10 1901 December 21 1992 ) was an American actress and an acclaimed acting teacher who founded the Stella Adler Studio of Acting in New York City ( 1949 ) and the The Stella Adler Academy of Acting in Los Angeles ( 1985 ) with long-time Joanne Linville who continues to teach and furthers Adler's legacy .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Michael Hillegas	United States	Clymer shared the responsibility of being treasurer of the Continental Congress with Michael Hillegas later the first Treasurer of the United States .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Kansas	Eastern Kentucky University	She has been a guest masterclass clinician at Washburn University in Topeka Kansas and Eastern Kentucky University in Richmond Kentucky and is in demand in the metro Atlanta area as an adjudicator masterclass clinician and sectional coach .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	US	Packard	US stocks opened mixed Tuesday as retail sales data signaled consumer spending is holding up despite stiff economic headwinds and computer titan Hewlett - Packard announced a 13.9-billion - dollar takeover of EDS .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Chuck Berry	Atco	Rock It is a Chuck Berry album released in 1979 by Atco Records ; Atco was only the third label for which Berry recorded studio material after two tenures with Chess Records and a brief 1960s stint at Mercury Records .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	UCL	UK	There are currently over 150 clubs and societies under the umbrella of the UCL Union including : Pi Media ( responsible for Pi Magazine and Pi Newspaper UCL's official student publications ) ; UCL Union Debating Society UCL 's oldest and the third oldest student society in the UK ; University College London Dramatic Society ; and The Cheese Grater ( a student magazine containing a mix of news investigations and humorous items ) .
org:city_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Tokyo	LITE	The first three songs recorded by Watt and Tsuchida as Funanori were released on a split EP with Tokyo band LITE in the summer of 2007 by Transduction Records .
org:founded(e1,e2)	Air Manchester	1982	Air Manchester started operations during April 1982 with a single BAC One-Eleven Series 416 .
no_relation	Yorkshire Regiment	Gloucestershire Regiment	Lieutenant Terence Edward WATERS ( 463718 ) ( deceased ) The West Yorkshire Regiment ( The Prince of Wales's Own ) attached The Gloucestershire Regiment .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	Subaru	Fuji Heavy Industries	The Subaru Tribeca is a mid-size crossover SUV sold since 2005 by Subaru the automobile manufacturing division of Japanese transportation conglomerate Fuji Heavy Industries ( FHI ) .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Margaret of Anjou	England	Margaret of Anjou ( ) ( 23 March 1430 25 August 1482 ) was the wife of King Henry VI of England .
org:alternate_names(e2,e1)	Marion	Indiana Wesleyan University	Her education includes degrees in English and biology from Marion ( now Indiana Wesleyan University ) a private Evangelical Christian liberal arts college in Marion Indiana that is affiliated with the Wesleyan Church denomination .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Maria Pereira Neves	Cape Verde	Maria Pereira Neves ( ; born March 28 1960 ) is a Cape Verdean politician who has been the Prime Minister of Cape Verde since 2001 .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Southern Rhodesia	Ian Smith	When Zimbabwe then Southern Rhodesia was under white rule the ANC demanded the ouster of Prime Minister Ian Smith and the installation of black rule .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	University of East Anglia	England	The e-mails were stolen from the computer network server of the climate research unit at the University of East Anglia in southeast England an influential source of climate science and were posted online last month .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	He	VRT	He also presented the 2-hour radio show MNM Dance 50 VRT radio station known as MNM .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	party	CNRT	Seven parties won seats ; the four leading parties are the FRETILIN party 's CNRT a coalition of the Timorese Social Democratic Association and the Social Democratic Party and the Democratic Party .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Sanctuary	Dave Mustaine	With one album remaining in his contract to Sanctuary Records Mustaine began recording what he intended to be the first Dave Mustaine solo album with drummer Vinnie Colaiuta and bassist Jimmy Sloas .
per:alternate_names(e1,e2)	Edwards	James Keith	Edwards was born James Keith O'Neill Edwards in Barnes London the son of a professor of mathematics .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Hans Blix	International Atomic Energy Agency	Hans Blix former head of the International Atomic Energy Agency currently head of Blix and Associates said So far Iran has not violated NPT and there is no evidence right now that suggests that Iran is producing nuclear weapons .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Royal Mercian and Lancastrian Yeomanry	Territorial Army	From 1992 it amalgamated with The Duke of Lancaster's Own Yeomanry to form The Royal Mercian and Lancastrian Yeomanry and as such it remains today a yeomanry regiment of the Territorial Army .
org:founded_by(e1,e2)	Spare Change	Homeless Empowerment Project	Spare Change News ( SCN ) is a street newspaper founded in 1992 and published in Cambridge Massachusetts through the efforts of the Homeless Empowerment Project ( HEP ) a grassroots organization created to help end homelessness .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	ANA	Italy	The ANA is well organized and sections can be found in every town and village of Italy ( of course mainly in the northern regions ) as well as in most countries of the world .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Cork Institute of Technology	Cork	There are two main third-level institutions University College Cork and Cork Institute of Technology which have a combined population of On 6 March 2008 developers announced a 1bn euro plan to create an Atlantic Quarter in Cork 's docklands area to rival that of the International Financial Services Centre in Dublin making it one of the biggest and most ambitious plans undertaken in the history of the state .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Josefa Iloilo	Fiji	On April 10 2009 Fijian president Ratu Josefa Iloilo announced on a nationwide radio broadcast that he had suspended the Constitution of Fiji dismissed the Court of Appeal and assumed all governance in the country after the court ruled that the current government is illegal .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Tran and Vi	ny stars	Ng?c i continued with his own Nh?t th?c 2 in 2003 without Ha Tran and Vi Thu? Linh but there were ma ny stars of Vietnam such as : Thanh Lam H? Qu?nh Hng Linh Dung Dng Linh Ng?c However Nhat Thuc 2 live concert and the album ( sold at special price of VND 6000 equal to about USD 0.5 ) did not get any success as the first one .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	she	Chile	That same year she returned to Chile to work for the Defense Ministry as Senior Assistant to the Defense Minister .
per:title(e1,e2)	Willa Ford	singer	Amanda Lee Modano ( Williford ; born January 22 1981 ) known professionally as Willa Ford and often as Mandy Modano is an American singer songwriter dancer model television personality and film actress .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Wilson Pickett	Atlantic	He then teamed with Stax's guitarist Steve Cropper to write songs for Wilson Pickett now signed to Atlantic Records .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Indonesia	Suharto	Sustained support for agriculture resulted in Indonesia reaching rice self-sufficiency by 1984 an unprecedented achievement which earned Suharto a gold medal from FAO on November 1985 .
org:alternate_names(e2,e1)	Florida	university	Following authorization by the Florida Legislature a lower division was established and freshmen attended the university for the first time in the fall semester of 1983 boosting enrollment from students to students .
no_relation	Felix Mendelssohn College of Music and Theatre	2003 to 2005	Before her movie and TV career she studied acting at the Felix Mendelssohn College of Music and Theatre in Leipzig from 2001 to 2005 and acted at the Deutsches Nationaltheater Weimar from 2003 to 2005 .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Mount Sinai Hospital	Toronto	Bowman is the clinical ethicist for Mount Sinai Hospital in Toronto and holds an academic appointment with The University of Toronto in Family and Community Medicine .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	National College of Arts	Lahore	He became principal of the Mayo School of Arts ( today the National College of Arts ) in Lahore and curator of the Lahore Museum .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Goa Institute of Management	Goa	The Goa Institute of Management ( GIM ) is a premier business school of India located in the state of Goa .
org:top_members/employees(e1,e2)	Boston University	Rick Pitino	During the 1981 season Harris scored 30 points against rival Boston University which prompted BU coach Rick Pitino to say I 'd trade two recruiting years for him .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	The Dicks	Texas	At the conclusion of this tour they replaced Sebastion Amok that went on playing with The Dicks another Texas band with Josh Pappe .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Kuomintang	Chiang Kai-shek	As both sides ceased hostilities Kuomintang chairman Chiang Kai-shek flew to Xi'an in early December to investigate the inaction .
no_relation	features	Ziana Zain	The film soundtrack was predominately composed by Johari Teh and features Ziana Zain as the lead singer of all the ten soundtracks .
no_relation	Mohammad Najibullah	Afghanistan	However during the 1990s few Afghan refugees chose Tajikistan as their destination ; most were people associated with Mohammad Najibullah 's fallen Democratic Republic of Afghanistan and Republic of Afghanistan administrations .
org:founded(e2,e1)	1952	Atomic Energy of Canada Limited	In 1952 Atomic Energy of Canada Limited ( AECL ) was created by the government to promote peaceful use of nuclear energy .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	school	Las Vegas	The UNLV Shadow Lane Campus where the dental school is located is in the heart of Las Vegas 's medical district .
org:founded(e2,e1)	1927	Peru national football team	Witzig p. 349 Founded in 1927 the Peru national football team plays its home matches primarily at the Estadio Nacional in Lima .
no_relation	Perry Como	RCA Victor	The most popular version of the song is probably Perry Como 's released on his 1955 RCA Victor album So Smooth .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Vietnam national football team	team of	The South Vietnam national football team ( Vietnamese : i tuy?n c?u qu?c gia Vi?t Nam C?ng ) was the national team of South Vietnam controlled by Vietnam Football Association ( now Vietnam Football Federation ) between 1949 and 1975 .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Chile	Manuel Montt	Montt was born in Santiago Chile on July 5 1974 the fourth of six children of Manuel Montt Dubournais and Gloria Swett De la Cerda .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Tom	Los Angeles	Without her stability and her willingness to shoulder the burden on the home front Tom would not have been able to give as he has given Melanie Lomax the late president of the Los Angeles Police Commission and the Bradleys ' goddaughter said in a Times article in 2000 .
org:members(e1,e2)	San Diego State University	San Diego State Aztecs	However Gwynn did not sign with the Angels opting to attend San Diego State University where he played college baseball for the San Diego State Aztecs baseball team .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Graduate Institute of International and Development Studies	Geneva	He was formerly Professor at the Graduate Institute of International and Development Studies in Geneva and Director of its Centre for Contemporary Asian Studies for 12 years .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	American Motors	Beijing Jeep	Don St. Pierre Sr. a Beijing-based businessman who once headed American Motors ' joint venture Beijing Jeep Corp. said his son was among a number of wine importer executives being held while the investigation continues .
per:cities_of_residence(e2,e1)	Manchester	Polytechnic	Following this she became a lecturer at Manchester Polytechnic and rose gradually to be Deputy Vice-Chancellor and Academic Director by 1992 .
org:alternate_names(e2,e1)	Genoa	Genoa C.F.C.	The Derby della Lanterna translated as the Derby of the Lantern is the local derby played between Genoa 's two professional sides U.C. Sampdoria and Genoa C.F.C. .
no_relation	enamed Shunj	nt store	Although the area was recreated as a fictionalized Kamurocho district much of Kabukich's landmarks remain such as the red neon sign Kabukicho Ichiban-kai ( ) portal in the district's main entrance ( renamed Kamuroch tenkaichidri ) Koma Theater ( renamed Kamuro Theater ) Theater Square Milano Bowl ( r enamed Shunj iku Mach Bowl ) Don Quijote discou nt store ( a tie-in ) Seibu Shinjuku Station Kabukicho Sakura Street ( ) portal renamed Kamurocho Pink Street ( ) and its adjacent FamilyMart convenience store ( renamed Poppo ) .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	He	Czechoslovakia	He served as Prime Minister of Czechoslovakia between 1963 and 1968 .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Soviet Union	Mikhail Gorbachev	In 1987 President of the Soviet Union Mikhail Gorbachev called for the establishment of diplomatic relations with Brunei .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Health	Chua Soi Lek	Some local newspapers quoted Malaysian Health Minister Chua Soi Lek as saying on Friday that a new virus called Malacca Virus likely carried by bats had been discovered in the state of Malacca .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	22nd Marine Expeditionary Unit	United States Marine Corps	Operation Sharp Edge was a non-combatant evacuation operation carried out by the 22nd Marine Expeditionary Unit ( 22nd MEU ) of the United States Marine Corps in Liberia in 1990 and 1991 .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	State	Robert Zoellick	He met with numerous politicians in Washington DC including U.S. Deputy Secretary of State Robert Zoellick .
no_relation	Judah P. Benjamin	State	As the war was nearing an end Judah P. Benjamin Secretary of State to the Confederacy was being pursued through the Southern states .
no_relation	No Limit	Beats by the Pound	While it was still on the label this release differed from usual No Limit releases in that it was not exclusively produced by the production team Beats by the Pound and featured only three guest spots from major No Limit names Master P C-Murder and Silkk the Shocker .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Micheline Presle	France	His documentary The Irene Hilda Story based on the European cabaret tradition during the Second World War as experienced by French stars Irene and Bernard Hilda Micheline Presle and Henri Salvador was broadcast in France and Germany by ARTE France that same year .
no_relation	University	1975	During his time at University Abou al-Fotouh was the president of the student union at the College of Medicine at Qasr Aini in 1973 and then became the president of the student union of Cairo University in 1975 as well as the Secretary of the Media Committee for all Egyptian Universities .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Howard Miller Company	Zeeland	The Howard Miller Company is a Zeeland Michigan based manufacturer of longcase clocks and other home furnishings .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	Army	2nd Division	Major General Patrick Anthony John Cordingley DSO DSc FRGS ( born 1944 ) is a retired British Army officer who commanded 2nd Division .
per:origin(e1,e2)	Ho Chi Minh	Vietnam	The Ho Chi Minh Campaign was the final title applied to a series of increasingly large-scale and ambitious offensive operations by the Democratic Republic of Vietnam ( North Vietnam ) and the National Front for the Liberation of South Vietnam which began on 13 December 1974 .
no_relation	Pike County	Wheelersburg High School	The SOC includes teams from four different Ohio counties - Jackson County ( Oak Hill High School ) Lawrence County ( Symmes Valley High School ) Pike County ( Waverly High School Eastern High School and Western High School ) and Scioto County ( Clay High School Green High School Glenwood High School Sciotoville Community School Valley High School Northwest High School Minford High School Portsmouth West High School Notre Dame High School South Webster High School and Wheelersburg High School ) .
org:city_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Orlando	Oak Ridge High School	Craig Crawford was born in Owensboro Kentucky.Craig Crawford goodmanspeakersbureau.com During his childhood Crawford moved with his family to Orlando Florida where he attended Pineloch Elementary School and Oak Ridge High School .
no_relation	The Bon-Ton	York	Around the same time The Bon-Ton also purchased Chappell's of Syracuse New York and Hess's of Allentown Pennsylvania .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	University College London	Ear Hospital	In the same month University College London Hospitals NHS Foundation Trust took over management of the Royal National Throat Nose and Ear Hospital from the Trust .
no_relation	California	Mel Blanc	Playing herself as a love-starved Ozark bumpkin dividing her time between home and Southern California Canova was accompanied by a cast that included voicemaster Mel Blanc as Pedro ( using the accented voice he later gave the cartoons ' Speedy Gonzales ) and Sylvester ( using the voice that later became associated with the Looney Tunes character ) Ruth Perrott as Aunt Aggie Ruby Dandridge as Geranium Joseph Kearns as Benchley Botsford and Sharon Douglas as Brenda with Gale Gordon Sheldon Leonard and Hans Conried also making periodic appearances .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Edmund Barton	Australia	left | thumb | 170px | Edmund Barton first Prime Minister of Australia ca. 1901 right | thumb | Photo in 1898 of the future 1st Prime Minister of Australia Edmund Barton aged 49 and 2nd Prime Minister of Australia Alfred Deakin thumb | right | The first and second Prime Ministers of Australia Edmund Barton and Alfred Deakin amongst the 1901 cabinet left | upright | thumb | Sir Edmund Barton Memorial Barton ACTFew people doubted that Barton as the leading federalist in the oldest state deserved to be the first Prime Minister of the new federation .
org:members(e2,e1)	Arkansas State Red Wolves	Division I	The 2012 13 Arkansas State Red Wolves men's basketball team represented Arkansas State University during the 2012 13 NCAA Division I men's basketball season .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Downe House School	Berkshire	The daughter of a solicitor she was educated at Chinthurst School in Surrey and later at Downe House School in Kent and later at its new site in Berkshire under the headship of Olive Willis and went on to read English at Newnham College Cambridge .
no_relation	Cyrus the Great	Cambyses	Bardiya ( Bardiya ; Smerdis ) ( possibly died 522 BCE ) was a son of Cyrus the Great and the younger brother of Cambyses II both Persian kings .
org:founded(e1,e2)	Irkutsk State University	?	Irkutsk State University ( Russian : ? D) was founded in October 1918 in Irkutsk Siberia .
org:top_members/employees(e1,e2)	Unitaid	Philippe Douste-Blazy	France currently contributes 70 percent of the budget for Unitaid headed by former French minister of health and of foreign affairs Philippe Douste-Blazy who was present for the final leg of Clinton's tour .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Ulverston Victoria High School	Cumbria	The Ulverston Victoria High School Mexico Link is a link between Ulverston Victoria High School ( Cumbria England ) and Secundaria Tecnica # 44 Francisco Villa ( Mexico City ) .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Antioch	Yellow Springs	A handful of faculty say they will continue teaching an Antioch education if the college closes as planned on June 30 funded by $ 1 million in alumni money somewhere in Yellow Springs .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Ross	Deacon Blue	One of the strongest songs expressing these themes is In the End which Ross dedicates to Deacon Blue guitarist Graeme Kelling who died due to cancer before the album's release .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	HP	VoodooPC	I can assure you that when we start playing in that space the gloves are coming off said Rahul Sood chief technical officer of HP global gaming and founder of VoodooPC .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	HBOS plc	Bank of Scotland	HBOS plc is a banking and insurance holding company and was created on 10 September 2001 from the merger of the Governor and Company of the Bank of Scotland and Halifax plc .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Maine	Gould	Maine Democrats however deserted their party in droves to vote for Gould in order to break the power of the Republican Klan faction .
org:founded(e2,e1)	1986	JUST	htmlhttp : / / www.university-directory.eu/Jordan/Jordan-University-of-Science-and-Technology.htmlhttp://www.libdex.com/country/jordan/irbid/library_20448.htmlhttp://www.just.edu.jo/aboutjust/Pages/Location.aspx Since its establishment in 1986 JUST has been at the forefront of institutions of higher learning in the Arab world it also maintains a high reputation and standard amongst the universities of the Middle East.http : / / www.just.edu.jo/aboutjust/Pages/Mission.aspx JUST and the University of Jordan in Amman are considered to be the two premier institutions of higher education for engineering and medicine in the country although numerous other faculties and specializations are represented as well .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Pat Harrison	Mississippi	The District derives its name from Pat Harrison who served Mississippi as U.S. Representative ( 1911-19 ) and Senator ( 1919-41 ) .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Jiro	Japan	State Minister in charge of Postal Reform Shizuka Kamei said Wednesday that he will name former Vice Finance Minister Jiro Saito as president of Japan Post Holdings Co. succeeding Yoshifumi Nishikawa .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Unsane	Ipecac Recordings	Visqueen is Unsane 's sixth studio album released in 2007 through Mike Patton's record label Ipecac Recordings .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Suharto	Indonesia	As Foreign Affairs Minister Malik had had differences with Suharto 's ABRI Generals such as General Maraden Panggabean over the way in which Indonesia should approach its Foreign Policy in Southeast Asia .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Ahmed Ouyahia	RND	But other ministers claiming to belong to the FLN remained in the government headed by Ahmed Ouyahia leader of the National Democratic Rally ( RND ) which also has Islamist members .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	Chrysler	Jeep	Chrysler spokesman Stuart Schorr says Chrysler Dodge and Jeep dealers will be given insight into ( the company's ) business strategies via videoconference at high-definition movie theaters across the nation Tuesday .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	22-20s	Wellington	In October 2010 the band released the Latest Heartbreak Live EP in the UK via iTunes and undertook their first tour of England as 22-20s for five years including two sold out shows at the Duke Of Wellington in Lincoln .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	r in Vie	h of Ho Chi	The R?p River ( R?p ) is a rive r in Vie tnam sout h of Ho Chi Minh City .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Adolf	Austria	When social democrat Adolf from 1945 party president and vice-chancellor and from 1957 federal president of Austria was visited by German friends who wanted to talk about post-war government he spontaneously explained to his surprised visitors love for Germany has been put out in Austrians .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Malawi	Banda	For almost 30 years Banda ruled firmly suppressing opposition to his party and ensuring that he had no personal opposition.Cutter Africa 2006 p. 143 Despite his political severity however Malawi 's economy while Banda was president was often cited as an example of how a poor landlocked heavily populated mineral-poor country could achieve progress in both agriculture and industrial development .
no_relation	Google	YouTube	Google recently acquired YouTube for $ 1 billion .
per:title(e2,e1)	singer	Rushdi	Music director Khalil Ahmed recorded an extremely sad number Kisi chaman mei raho tum in singer Saleem Raza's voice but wanted Rushdi to re-record the song as he was not satisfied with Saleem Raza singing .
per:origin(e1,e2)	Hekmatyar	Afghanistan	While Massoud supported the Peshawar process of establishing a broad coalition government inclusive of all sides Hekmatyar sought to become the sole ruler of Afghanistan stating In our country coalition government is impossible because this way or another it is going to be weak and incapable of stabilizing the situation in Afghanistan .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	He	Kansas City	He divided his time between the two Jackson County courthouses : the courthouse in Independence in Independence and this one in Kansas City .
per:alternate_names(e1,e2)	He	Bajofondo	He is also nominated for best short - form video for his work with tango-fusion band Bajofondo .
org:top_members/employees(e2,e1)	Colonel Israel Angell	2nd Rhode Island Regiment	Colonel Israel Angell 's 2nd Rhode Island Regiment held back Knyphausen's column for 40 minutes as Brigadier General William Maxwell and Major Light Horse Harry Lee delayed Mathew's envelopment .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	SPORT1	RTL	The tournament was also broadcast on SPORT1 in Germany RTL 7 in the Netherlands and Fox Sports in Australia .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Florian Pilkington-Miksa	Curved Air	Florian Pilkington-Miksa ( born 3 June 1950 Roehampton South West London ) was the drummer in the original line-up of the British rock group Curved Air .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Angelo State University	San Angelo	The College of Sciences at Angelo State University is a unit of the Texas Tech University System located in San Angelo Texas .
org:top_members/employees(e1,e2)	Toyota	Shoichiro Toyoda	Toyota 's new president is the grandson of Kiichiro Toyoda -- who founded the automaker in 1937 -- and the son of former president Shoichiro Toyoda .
per:title(e2,e1)	Actress	Stacey Dash	Actress Stacey Dash ( Clueless ) is 41 .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	Chen Shui-bian	Taipei	Former President Chen Shui-bian is currently serving a 19-year sentence at the Taipei Prison as Inmate 1020 .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	network	Melbourne	The next station to join the network was FOX FM in Melbourne in 1986 eventually to be followed by Sydney's 2Day FM and 4BK Brisbane for which the company was successful in converting to the FM band in 1990 .
no_relation	Diego	Spain	The Temptation of St. Thomas is a painting by the Spanish Baroque painter Diego executed in 1632 and housed in the Museum of Sacred Art of Orihuela Cathedral southern Spain .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Stuart	Machete Records	In 2006 Stuart released Back to da Barrio which is a salsa album of notable reggaeton songs sung by other reggaeton artists such as Ven Bailalo Pobre Diabla and Mayor Que Yo . . Stuart 's latest release is a salsa album entitled Sentimiento de un Rumbero released on Machete Records in 2007 .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Labor	Frances Perkins	He distributed copies of a fascist tract called The Corporate State by one of Mussolini's favorite economists including giving one to Labor Secretary Frances Perkins and asking her give copies to her cabinet .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Australia	Joseph Lyons	From 1932 to 1936 Beasley led the Lang group in opposition to both the United Australia Party government of Joseph Lyons and Federal Labor .
per:origin(e2,e1)	Russian	Ivan Pavlov	Despite the official diagnosis of death from stroke consequences the Russian scientist Ivan Pavlov reported that Lenin died of neurosyphilis according to a publication by V. Lerner and colleagues in the European Journal of Neurology in 2004 .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Alec Douglas-Home	Conservative	Simarly though Alec Douglas-Home was the PM without being the leader of the Conservative Party .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	Wilson	Athens	Strickland befriended Wilson 's brother the band's co-founder and guitarist Ricky Wilson ( who died of AIDS in 1985 ) at school in Athens in the early 1970s .
no_relation	Kentucky	Western Kentucky Hilltoppers	The Battle of the Bluegrass is the name of the rivalry between the Eastern Kentucky Colonels and the Western Kentucky Hilltoppers .
org:members(e1,e2)	NCAA	Georgia State University	The Dome is home to the NFL's Atlanta Falcons the NCAA Division I Georgia State Panthers of Georgia State University the annual host ( since 1998 ) to FCS Classic football game between Florida University and another HBCU opponent ( Southern in 2011 and Tennessee State University in prior years ) and the annual host to the Southeastern Conference Football Championship Game and the Chick-fil-A Bowl ( formerly known as The Chick-fil-a Peach Bowl and The Peach Bowl ) post-season college football games .
org:members(e2,e1)	Owls	Conference USA	The Owls and Cougars have competed in the same conference Southwest Conference from 1973 through 1996 and Conference USA from 2006 through the 2013 baseball season after which Houston will move to the Big East Conference .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Alabama	Marion Military Institute	{ EXCERPT } Dateline Alabama AL By Tommy Stevenson Is Marion Military Institute ready for its close-up compliments of Tom Hanks and Steven Spielberg ?
org:members(e1,e2)	Public Schools	Solihull School	in 2010 the Rugbeians reached the Semi Finals of the Public Schools ' Old Boys ' Sevens tournament hosted by the Old Silhillians to celebrate the 450th anniversary of fellow Warwickshire public school Solihull School .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	The Philippine Star	Philippines	The Philippine Star newspaper said he once pulled a wagon loaded with sacks of rice more than 100 kilometres ( 62 miles ) from the northern Philippines into Manila to protest at high prices of rice .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	Haas School of Business	California	Williamson studied a lot about how to get an organizational form right what are the boundaries of a firm how big should the firm be Richard Lyons dean of the Haas School of Business at the University of California Berkeley told Xinhua .
no_relation	Fischer	Austria	For his part Fischer said that Austria had a fair constructive honest and open-minded stance towards the Turkey's EU accession process .
org:founded(e1,e2)	Scottish and Southern Energy	1998	The company then merged with the English Public Electricity Supplier Southern Electric plc to become Scottish and Southern Energy plc on the 14 December 1998 .
org:alternate_names(e2,e1)	DnB NOR	DnB NORD	Its Central and Northern European operations in Poland Lithuania and Latvia are carried out in a joint venture with the Norwegian bank DnB NOR into the DnB NORD .
org:members(e2,e1)	Wake Forest University	NCAA	Adams grew up in Orlando Florida attended Winter Park High School played club soccer for the Central Florida United Soccer Club and played college soccer at Wake Forest University where he won a NCAA Division I national championship while graduating with an economics degree .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Michelle Bachelet	Health	Four candidates competed for the Chilean presidential seat : Michelle Bachelet Jeria from the Socialist Party ( PS ) and representing the center-left de Partidos por la Democracia former Minister of Health and Defense under Ricardo Lagos ; Infante former mayor of the communes of Las Condes and Santiago and member of the Independent Democrat Union ( UDI ) along with Echenique Senator of Santiago in the 1990s and president of the National Renewal party represented the center-right Alianza por Chile ; Hirsch Goldschmidt former Chile's ambassador to New Zealand represented the Humanist Party from the far-left Juntos Podemos coalition of parties .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Uttar Pradesh Technical University	Lucknow	It imparts a 5-year Bachelor of Architecture degree course and is affiliated to Uttar Pradesh Technical University Lucknow .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Thailand	Sanya Dharmasakti	When Thailand 's military leaders fled into exile Sanya Dharmasakti then Thammasat rector was appointed as the Prime Minister of Thailand .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Tulane University	LA	Interviews with Edmond Hall by William Russell and Richard B. Allen April 11 1957 and July 18 1958 ; Courtesy R.B. Allen - Curator of William Ransom Hogan Jazz Archive Tulane University New Orleans LA 23 .
org:members(e1,e2)	Highschool Football League	Pei Men	The second stage of the 2007 Highschool Football League will consist of the top four teams in the first round Yilan Ching Shui Pei Men and Taibei .
no_relation	Thomas Jefferson	State	On March 22 1790 Thomas Jefferson took office as the first United States Secretary of State .
per:country_of_birth(e2,e1)	Vietnam	Ho Chi Minh	The northern part of Vietnam which was almost entirely controlled by the Viet Minh became the Democratic Republic of Vietnam under Communist leader Ho Chi Minh .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	William Blount	Tennessee	William Blount Carter was an American politician who represented Tennessee 's first district in the United States House of Representatives .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Cotler	Quebec	Cotler was re-elected to Parliament in the 2008 election to represent the Mount Royal riding in Quebec with 55 % of the vote and re-elected again in the 2011 election .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Tom Harkin	Iowa	Ruth Harkin wife of Democratic Sen. Tom Harkin of Iowa is a member of the Iowa Board of Regents which oversees the state-run universities and she also sits on the board of directors of Houston-based ConocoPhillips .
org:founded(e2,e1)	1919	American Society of Cinematographers	In 1919 Edeson was one of the founders of the American Society of Cinematographers .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Rwanda	Bernard Makuza	The former Prime Minister of Rwanda Bernard Makuza was a member of the MDR .
per:title(e1,e2)	Rajai	prime minister	After the Iranian Revolution he became Minister of Education in the government of Mehdi Bazargan and although Bazargan's Cabinet resigned in 6 November 1979 Rajai did not resign and remained a minister until 12 August 1980 when he became prime minister .
per:cities_of_residence(e2,e1)	Philadelphia	Charles Grafly	He later attended The Pennsylvania Academy of the Fine Arts in Philadelphia working under the guidance of sculptor Charles Grafly and then was awarded a three-year Fellowship to the of Art in Rome .
org:alternate_names(e1,e2)	Air Combat Command	ACC	When SAC disestablished and Air Combat Command ( ACC ) established the wing transferred to ACC and gained its fifth operational location .
no_relation	Don Bosco High School	Gilbertville	Don Bosco High School was founded in 1956 to serve 6 parishes Immaculate Conception Gilbertville ; St. Joseph Raymond ; St. Athanasius Jesup ; St. Francis Barclay ; St. Mary of Mt. Carmel Eagle Center ; and Sacred Heart La Porte City Black Hawk County .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Canada	Deborah Cox	Many American hip hop artists were popular in Canada and Black Canadian musicians such as Infidels Deborah Cox and The Philosopher Kings had notable successes in the pop and rock genres ; however even the most prominent Canadian hip hop acts during this era including Ghetto Concept Rascalz Farm Fresh TBTBT Graphidi Logik and Hip Club Groove struggled to gain any kind of commercial traction .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Fatos Nano	Albania	That day in this town were Fatos Nano chairman of the Socialist Party of Albania at the time accompanied by Skender Gjinushi while the municipality Poshnje Democratic Party of Albania represented in the late rally Azem Hajdari and Genc Pollo .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Indonesia	Indonesian Air Force	Indonesia ordered 12 F-16A / B Fighting Falcon Block 15 OCU as a new fighter to strengthen the Indonesian Air Force in 1989 .
no_relation	2004	Alexander Dennis	These buses were meant to be the TransBus Enviro200H but when TransBus went into administration in 2004 the bus side was bought by Alexander Dennis .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	she	EMI	Following the album's release she was required by EMI to undertake heavy promotional work and an exhausting tour the only one of her career .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	United States	he	Richard Milhous Nixon ( January 9 1913 April 22 1994 ) was the 37th President of the United States serving from 1969 to 1974 when he became the only president to resign the office .
no_relation	Medina	Berry Vargas	Medina Berry Vargas ( born May 25 1979 in Pachuca Hidalgo ) is a Mexican singer who participated in and was among the final three contestants of the first season of Latin American Idol .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e2,e1)	Oregon	Gordon Smith	The Democratic challenger in Oregon 's Senate race Jeff Merkley has defeated Republican Sen. Gordon Smith .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	John Adams	United States	Image : US Navy 031029-N-6236G-001 A painting of President John Adams ( 1735-1826 ) 2nd president of the United States by Asher B. Durand ( 1767-1845 ) - crop.jpg | John Adams Image : Thomas_Jefferson_by_Rembrandt_Peale _ 1800 .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Energy	Samuel Bodman	Energy Secretary Samuel Bodman has announced the dismissal of the head of the U.S. nuclear weapons program because of security breakdowns at weapons facilities .
per:origin(e1,e2)	Igor	Spanish	Surrounded by ballet and music during his childhood primarily due to his parents ' dance school Igor never considered becoming a professional dancer and just like other Spanish children he dreamed of being a football player .
per:title(e2,e1)	Navy	Gideon Welles	In August of 1861 Paulding was named by Secretary of the Navy Gideon Welles to the Ironclad Board responsible for approving designs for and construction of ironclasd warships .
org:founded(e2,e1)	1937	T. Rowe Price	By 1937 he founded his investment firm T. Rowe Price in Baltimore Maryland .
per:spouse(e1,e2)	Theodore	Philippa of Armenia	Theodore was widowed in the same year and proceeded to marriages with Philippa of Armenia and Marie de Courtenay .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Navy	William Jones	After fiscal mismanagement by its first President former Secretary of the Navy Captain William Jones the Bank was forced to call in loans and foreclosed on mortgages which caused bankruptcy a price collapse unemployment and a depression .
per:alternate_names(e1,e2)	Ahmed	Guinea	Under President Ahmed Guinea became Africa's first Marxist state cutting ties with France in 1965 and turning to the Soviet Union .
org:top_members/employees(e2,e1)	Sir Peter Scott	Kingston University	Sir Peter Scott ( born 1946 ) is a British educationalist and the former Vice-Chancellor of Kingston University in Kingston upon Thames in southwest London .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Stevens Institute of Technology	NJ	The Ehrenkrantz Group work included master plans for New York City Technical College in Brooklyn and Stevens Institute of Technology in Hoboken NJ and facilities renewal at Columbia .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	Martin Looney	New Haven	If Rosa DeLauro were to vacate her seat in a run for a higher office or a cabinet position in the unlikely scenario of a Chris Dodd presidency a long list of brand-name Democrats would rush to succeed her among them Senate Majority Leader Martin Looney of New Haven State Senator 2006 gubernatorial candidate and New Haven mayor John DeStefano Jr. and Speaker of the House Jim Amann a moderate .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Jubilee School	Amman	He attended Jubilee School in Amman a school for gifted children where he is remembered as a dedicated student who was bookish and introverted .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	He	California	He was not an original member of the 2 Live Crew only joining them after their first steps as a California rap crew .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	English Department Location	CT	Title : Assistant/Associate Professor of English Employer : Southern Connecticut State University English Department Location : New Haven CT United States Posted : Nov 13 .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Francis Scott Key High School	Union Bridge	Francis Scott Key High School ( FSK or simply Key ) is a four-year public high school in Union Bridge in Carroll County Maryland United States .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Peru	Jorge Del Castillo	Peru 's cabinet chief Jorge Del Castillo testified Friday that he was ordered kidnapped during a 1992 crackdown by then-president Alberto Fujimori in Fujimori's trial for human rights abuses .
org:top_members/employees(e1,e2)	The Guardian	Alan Rusbridger	His first ten years at The Guardian included launching The Guardian Weekend magazine and daily G2 section with current editor Alan Rusbridger and time as deputy features editor arts editor and obituaries editor .
org:members(e1,e2)	Nuclear Blast	Destruction	On the 24th of August 2012 it was announced via Nuclear Blast website that Destruction had entered the studio to record their 13th album to celebrate their 30 year anniversary as a band .
org:founded(e1,e2)	PBS KIDS Sprout	2005	PBS YOU was offered until January 2006 and largely succeeded by American Public Television's Create ; PBS Kids was replaced with PBS KIDS Sprout at the start of October 2005 .
org:members(e1,e2)	Black Hawk	British Band	On 27 August 1832 Black Hawk White Cloud and the remnants of the British Band surrendered to Joseph M. Street at Prairie du Chien .
per:origin(e1,e2)	Lea DeLaria	American	Lea DeLaria ( born May 23 1958 ) is an American comedienne actress and jazz musician .
per:origin(e1,e2)	her	American	In a 1996 review of her 30 year retrospective at London's Institute of Contemporary Art The Independent cited her as American art's best-kept secret .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Switzerland	Swissair	Klaus who previously worked for Switzerland 's justice ministry and the defunct national carrier Swissair only took on the role in May 2008 .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Italy	Alcide De Gasperi	Her last assignment as a professional interpreter occurred in 1945 when at the personal request of Italy 's prime minister Alcide De Gasperi she accompanied him to London for meetings of the Council of Foreign Ministers .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Downend School	South Gloucestershire	Downend School is a Technology College secondary school situated on Westerleigh Road in the suburban village of Downend in South Gloucestershire England .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	No Age	Sub Pop	Losing Feeling is an EP by Southern Californian noise rock outfit No Age released by Sub Pop .
no_relation	Thirteen	Hungry Girl	Thirteen episodes from Lisa Lillien of Hungry Girl cookbook fame are on tap .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Ernest Charles Drury	Ontario	The UFO did not have a leader until after the 1919 election when Ernest Charles Drury was asked by the caucus to serve as Premier of Ontario .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Megadeth	Nick Menza	This is the last Megadeth studio album to feature drummer Nick Menza .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Italy	Mario Draghi	MILAN : Italy will struggle to produce growth without much-needed structural reforms and is lagging in Europe in terms of competitiveness Italian central bank governor Mario Draghi said .
no_relation	Sidi Ould Cheikh Abdallahi	Constitutional Council	The transitional government was appointed Friday after ousted Mauritanian leader Sidi Ould Cheikh Abdallahi signed the decree and then officially resigned in front of the Constitutional Council and Senegalese President Abdoulaye Wade who has led mediation efforts .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Ajit Kumar Doval	India	They are less of a suspect in comparison to a Pakistani or Iraqi national said Ajit Kumar Doval former chief of India 's Intelligence Bureau .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Khan	England	Khan 23 on Tuesday leaves his home in Bolton England to train at Roach Los Angeles gym for several weeks before his fights and has sparred with Filipino Pacquiao who is regarded as the world best pound-for-pound boxer .
org:top_members/employees(e1,e2)	Fiat	Sergio Marchionne	Italian auto group Fiat plans to spin off its non-automotive activities chief executive Sergio Marchionne announced Wednesday .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Novo Nordisk	Denmark	A spokesman for Novo Nordisk Sean Clements said the company produces its insulin crystals in Denmark .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	He	Omaha	He served the Omaha music community for over 60 years .
per:origin(e2,e1)	Albanian	Enver Hoxha	In the Albanian communist party conference in Tirana in 1956 the opponents of Enver Hoxha requested information on the fate of Xoxe Tuk Jakova Bedri Spahiu and other prominent party members and asked for their rehabilitation .
per:alternate_names(e2,e1)	Sondra	Blinky	Sondra Blinky Williams ( born May 21 1944 in Oakland California ) is an American and soul singer-songwriter .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	New Mexico State University	Las Cruces	KRUX ( 91.5 FM ) is one of New Mexico State University 's two radio stations located in Las Cruces New Mexico USA .
org:founded(e1,e2)	university	1973	There have been 13 rectors since the university 's establishment in 1973 .
no_relation	Louisiana	Vitter	Bernie Pinsonat a Louisiana political analyst said Republicans most likely would stand behind Vitter despite the new allegations .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	John Newman	Bayonne	John Newman was the Mayor of Bayonne New Jersey from 1887 to 1891 .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	G-Unit	Tony Yayo	G-Unit artist Tony Yayo confirmed that he and longtime Eminem 50 Cent were backstage at the rehearsal for the first Detroit Show and hinted that they might be guests on the tour .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Nino Taranto	Italy	Actors like prince Antonio de Curtis Peppino De Filippo Nino Taranto and many others begun their fame as comedians of Variety show ( in Italian called ) touring in theatres along all Italy then became famous as cinema actors and in the end of their career pioneered the TV in Italy .
org:members(e1,e2)	Florida	Bob Graham	But what Haridopolos the most visible opponent of Amendment 5 does n't mention on the road is that he is a longtime government employee who in February got a big promotion to lecturer and internship coordinator at the University of Florida 's Bob Graham Center for Public Service .
per:title(e2,e1)	Prime Minister	Golda Meir	A Woman Called Golda is a 1982 American made-for-television film biopic of Israeli Prime Minister Golda Meir .
per:country_of_birth(e1,e2)	Smith	Southern Rhodesia	A farmer and erstwhile British Royal Air Force pilot from the rural town of Selukwe Smith was Southern Rhodesia 's first native-born head of government .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Shinz Ab	f Japa	Instead Shinz Ab e succeeded Junichiro Koizumi as leader of the LDP and Prime Minister o f Japa n .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	United States	RCA	He founded Quadracast Systems Inc. ( QSI ) of Palo Alto California United States to license his patents to RCA and others .
per:title(e2,e1)	musician	Joe Arroyo	El Joe ( ) is the last and his twenty second studio album by Colombian musician singer-songwriter Joe Arroyo released on 2007 .
per:title(e1,e2)	John French Sloan	painter	John French Sloan ( August 2 1871 September 7 1951 ) was a twentieth-century painter and etcher and one of the founders of the Ashcan school of American art .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	She	Pakistan	She is Media Advisor to the Co-Chairman of the Pakistan People's Party Asif Ali Zardari .
per:title(e2,e1)	Pakistan	Bhutto	Late Thursday night a Pakistan Air Force plane carrying Bhutto 's body left for her home town Sukkur in the southern Sindh province said PPP leader Senator Safdar Abbasi .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Auburn University	United States	Title : Visiting Assistant Professor in Secondary Mathematics Education Employer : Auburn University College of Education Department of Curriculum and Teaching Location : Auburn AL United States Posted : Oct 20 .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Visvesvaraya National Institute of Technology	Nagpur	Laxminarayan Institute of Technology ( LIT ) one of the oldest colleges of India and premier Chemical Engineering Institute is located in Nagpur.The Visvesvaraya National Institute of Technology one of the premiere colleges of science and technology in the country is located in Nagpur .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Iowa State University	IA	Title : Associate or Full Professor in Mathematics or Science Education Employer : Iowa State University Curriculum and Instruction Location : Ames IA United States Posted : Nov 28 .
per:origin(e1,e2)	Takashi Murakami	Japanese	Takashi Murakami is arguably one of the most well-known Japanese modern artists in the Western world .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	Eden Park Northern Lodge	NMIT	Eden Park Northern Lodge is NMIT 's 320 hectare farm and horse stud at Eden Park located 40 kilometres north of Melbourne in the foothills of Victoria's Great Dividing Range .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Mario Menocal	Cuba	The Institute's alumni included Mario Menocal who became the third president of Cuba ; copper magnate William Cornell Greene ; and songwriter Irving Caesar .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	My Morning Jacket	Jim James	My Morning Jacket lead singer Jim James recorded a version of the song for his 2009 EP of Harrison covers Tribute To .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Kenyatta University	Nairobi	A two-year residence at Kenyatta University in Nairobi 1985-87 was to prove seminal .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	England	The Jam	Rick Buckler ( born Paul Richard Buckler in Woking Surrey England ) is the former drummer of The Jam an English rock band that enjoyed considerable success in the United Kingdom from 1977 until disbanding in 1982 .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	He	Los Angeles	He earned a degree in political science from what is now California State University Los Angeles and attended Loyola Law School for a year before being cast for bit parts in movies and television in the early 1960s .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Sam Brownback	Kansas	Bunning is the sixth Republican senator to announce he will not seek re-election in 2010 after Sens. Christopher Bond of Missouri Judd Gregg of New Hampshire Sam Brownback of Kansas George Voinovich of Ohio and Mel Martinez of Florida .
no_relation	Redford	Alberta	According to Premier Redford the oil and gas industry in Alberta funds 30 percent of the budget in 2012 .
per:spouse(e1,e2)	she	Blake Edwards	A year later Andrews was nominated for best actress in The Sound of Music and she earned a third nomination for 1982's Victor/Victoria one of seven films she made with her husband director Blake Edwards .
org:city_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Miami	2 Live Crew	Miami rap group 2 Live Crew sampled the song in their track Put Her in the Buck which was featured on their 1989 album As Nasty As They Wan na Be .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	North Carolina Central University	Durham	Born April 6 1931 in New York City Dixon graduated in 1954 from North Carolina Central University in Durham .
per:country_of_birth(e2,e1)	Indonesia	him	Indonesia 's independence struggle saw him joining the newly formed Indonesian army .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	Joseph Biden	Wilmington	In the 35 years since then Sen. Joseph Biden D-Del. has remained at the side of his family commuting nearly two hours each morning from his Wilmington home to Washington then returning each night after work at first by car and later by train .
org:top_members/employees(e2,e1)	Silvio Berlusconi	People	The faction was very close to Silvio Berlusconi leader of Forza Italia and the People of Freedom/House of Freedoms coalition and it was somewhat critical to Gianfranco Fini leader of National Alliance instead .
org:founded(e2,e1)	2004	BlueLithium	On January 12 2004 Chahal formed BlueLithium .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	Hubert Humphrey	University of Minnesota	Brown's defeat of Democrat Martha Coakley is a body blow to Obama and other Democrats said Larry Jacobs director of the Hubert Humphrey Institute of Public Affairs at the University of Minnesota in Minneapolis .
no_relation	Kay Bailey Hutchison	Dallas	( FYI Sen. Kay Bailey Hutchison 's primary night party will be at Eddie Deen's Ranch which bills itself as the premier Texas-themed event facility in Downtown Dallas .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Willie Nelson	RCA	By 1973 Atlantic Records was attempting to sign Jennings who with fellow country singer Willie Nelson had become dissatisfied with RCA Records because of the company's conservative influence upon their music .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	His	Ohio	His father was Otto Renner a prominent attorney in Cincinnati Ohio during the early 1900s .
org:top_members/employees(e2,e1)	Ban Ki-moon	UN	Ban Ki-moon sworn in as next UN chief to succeed Annan = ( PICTURE ) = .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Japan	Nippon Oil	In Sendai a - per-day refinery owned by the largest refiner in Japan JX Nippon Oil Energy was also set ablaze by the quake .
org:top_members/employees(e2,e1)	Brian C. Mitchell	Bucknell University	Brian C. Mitchell was named Bucknell University 16th president in July 2004 and served six years until stepping down in June 2010 .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	He	Chile	He studied at the Instituto Nacional and later graduated as a lawyer from the Universidad de Chile .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Free Patriotic Movement	Michel Aoun	The battle was partly over ego and political turf : The Free Patriotic Movement is led by Michel Aoun a former general who aspired to be president and considers himself the leader of Lebanon's Christians .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Canada	Canadian Forces	In 1968 Canada unified its military forces when it merged the Canadian Army Royal Canadian Air Force and Royal Canadian Navy to create the Canadian Forces .
org:members(e1,e2)	Blackstone Group	Weather Channel	On July 6 2008 NBC Universal Bain Capital and Blackstone Group agreed to purchase The Weather Channel from Landmark .
per:alternate_names(e1,e2)	Bobby Lashley	Lashley	The featured match on the ECW brand was between Bobby Lashley and Test for the ECW World Championship which Lashley won after Test was counted out .
org:alternate_names(e2,e1)	Troy	University of Southern California	The Spirit of Troy also known as the University of Southern California Trojan Marching Band ( TMB ) self-described as The Greatest Marching Band in the History of the Universe ( EVER ) represents USC at various collegiate sports broadcast popular music recording and national public appearance functions .
per:country_of_birth(e2,e1)	Mexico	Frida Kahlo	In 2000 Arturo Rivera headlined an exhibit of self-portrait paintings in the Museum of Fine Arts Mexico City alongside such notable Mexican artists as Diego Rivera and Frida Kahlo .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Vietnam	Ho Chi Minh	In 1945 the Democratic Republic of Vietnam was formed with Ho Chi Minh as the first President .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Navy	Gideon Welles	Acting Rear-Admiral David Dixon Porter Commanding the Mississippi Squadron called Pinkney's presence Porter used the occasion to dispel any misgivings about the fleet surgeon's little peculiarities ( Pinkney was known to be of a ' peppery ' nature and stood firmly on his dignity and rights ) writing to Secretary of the Navy Gideon Welles on 30 March 1863 of Pinkney that . . a more zealous devoted officer to the profession and to the country does not exist anywhere . . Soon thereafter the fleet surgeon directed the provision of new ships fitting out at St. Louis Missouri and Cincinnati Ohio with medical stores during June 1863 and later that summer supervised the conversion of a seized Rebel building at Memphis Tennessee into a hospital .
no_relation	Michael Anthony	Illinois	The building is named after Michael Anthony Bilandic who is a former Mayor of Chicago a former Chief Justice of the Supreme Court of Illinois and a former United States Marine Corps First lieutenant .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Education	Margaret Spellings	The 40 finalists exhibited their projects at the National Institute of Science and met government officials including Vice President Dick Cheney and U.S. Education Secretary Margaret Spellings .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Gatwick-based	Air Europe	BIA's Gatwick slots were required to enable fellow Gatwick-based Air Europe ILG's rapidly expanding airline subsidiary to build a major scheduled presence at that airport .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Joseph Jenkins Roberts	Liberia	One such emigrant was Joseph Jenkins Roberts a native of Norfolk who would go on to become the first president of Liberia .
org:founded_by(e1,e2)	Blackstone	Peter G. Peterson	Analysts have questioned whether Blackstone 's decision to go public signals the zenith of the private equity boom as co-founders Stephen A. Schwarzman and Peter G. Peterson cash out their holdings .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	David Peterson	Ontario	Flatt is among a handful of the smartest people in Canada says David Peterson a former premier of Ontario and a senior partner and chairman of the law firm Cassels Brock Blackwell -- as well as a neighbor of Flatt's in Toronto .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Windham Hill	William Ackerman	In March of 2012 Grammy award winning guitarist and founder of Windham Hill Records William Ackerman produced a solo piano project for Isadar at his Imaginary Road Studio in Windham County Vermont .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	EMS Battalion Captain	Los Angeles Fire Department	On Thursday November 8 2007 at 4:12 PM 12 Companies of Los Angeles Firefighters 3 LAFD Rescue Ambulances 1 Arson Unit 1 EMS Battalion Captain 2 Battalion Chief Officer Command Teams and 1 Division Chief Officer Command Team a total of 74 Los Angeles Fire Department personnel assisted by 1 Task Force of Los Angeles County Firefighters deployed in Automatic Aid all under the direction of LAFD Battalion Chief Chris Kawai responded to a Greater Alarm Structure Fire at 1541 North Martel Avenue in Hollywood .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	He	China	He added that China strongly supports and actively participates in international cooperation on economic and social development .
no_relation	Exchequer	Nigel Lawson	Shortly after this the then Chancellor of the Exchequer Nigel Lawson and other Conservative politicians claimed that misleading statistics were largely responsible for the Government's poor handling of the economy .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Edge Hill University	Ormskirk	Edge Hill University is a campus-based university situated in Ormskirk Lancashire England .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	his	Jamaica	She would remain his secretary through his years as a trade unionist and then a politician until he became Prime Minister of Jamaica in 1962 .
org:members(e1,e2)	Island Records	Wailers	In 2006 Barrett filed a lawsuit against Island Records the Wailers ' label seeking 60 million in unpaid royalties allegedly due him and his now deceased brother .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Triumph Motorcycles	Meriden	When Matt's son David Holder moved the remaining stock to the former Triumph Motorcycles ' Number 2 ' factory at Meriden he found that his father had accumulated a huge collection of original Scott parts including Miller headlights and Burgess silencers .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	She	England	She went into confinement in September 1537 and gave birth to the coveted male heir the future King Edward VI of England at two o'clock in the morning on 12 October 1537 at Hampton Court Palace .
org:founded_by(e1,e2)	IWF	Barbara Olson	Her support of Supreme Court nominee Clarence Thomas led to the formation of the Independent Women's Forum ( IWF ) which had its origins in 1991-92 when Mrs. Silberman and friends Barbara Olson Barbara Ledeen and Anita Blair started an informal network of women who supported the Thomas nomination despite allegations of sexual harassment by Anita Hill a former colleague at the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	Dennis Publishing	Maxim	Dennis Digital is the interactive Internet and mobile division of Dennis Publishing which publishes Maxim Stuff Blender and The Week .
no_relation	VMA	Optus	VMA was founded in October 2000 as a 50/50 business partnership between Virgin Mobile UK and Optus .
per:origin(e1,e2)	her	Brazilian	Although her art is never seen to transcend her initial breakthrough that first impact was enough to impart a lasting legacy upon other Brazilian modernist painters as well as to herself .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	He	Poland	He is a longtime sponsor of privately owned broadcast station Radio Maryja in Poland .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Sky Movies	New Zealand	Sky Movies ( New Zealand ) was originally a joint-venture between HBO and Sky Network Television .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Bohemia and Moravia	Reinhard Heydrich	In December 1941 several paratroopers were dropped into the Protectorate Bohemia and Moravia some of them were sent to assassinate Reinhard Heydrich in a planned action known as Operation Anthropoid .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Max Baucus	Montana	On September 21 O'Connor was confirmed by the U.S. Senate with a vote of 99 0 ; Senator Max Baucus of Montana was absent for the vote and sent O'Connor a copy of A River Runs Through It by way of apology .
per:country_of_birth(e1,e2)	Marija Naumova	Latvia	Marija Naumova ( born 23 June 1973 in Latvia ) is a Latvian singer .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Islom Karimov	Uzbekistan	On August 2 2005 President Islom Karimov signed a decree that will abolish capital punishment in Uzbekistan on January 1 2008 .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Colombia	Olaya Herrera	Parallel to the causes of the economic crisis in Colombia the presidents in charge of the time period ( Abadia Mendez and Olaya Herrera ) reduced hastily the public investment programs causing a decline in the previous infrastructure privileged circumstances .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	Arabian Business	ITP Publishing Group	Arabian Business Magazine issued by the ITP Publishing Group for Information Technology honored him on 16/12/2007 and awarded him a prize in recognition of his social responsibility initiative in this field .
per:title(e2,e1)	President	Ilham Aliyev	The opening ceremony took place on 24 November 2009 and was attended by the Russian President Dmitry Medvedev and Ilham Aliyev President of Azerbaijan .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Canada	Brian Mulroney	The leader of Canada 's major opposition Liberal Party Stephane Dion said Sunday the inquiry into allegations of improper dealings by former Prime Minister Brian Mulroney should include current Prime Minister Stephen Harper .
no_relation	SAA	Board	However issues relating to the public admission to the Public Enterprises portfolio committee by the chairperson of the SAA Board that over R 380 Million was irregularly expended on procurement can not be overlooked in the turnaround process .
org:members(e1,e2)	Shady	Stat Quo	On December 5 2006 Eminem released Eminem Presents the Re-Up a mixtape-turned-album created to promote Shady Records ' newest members : Stat Quo Creekwater and Cashis .
org:top_members/employees(e1,e2)	Berkshire Hathaway	Warren E. Buffett	In February 2008 Berkshire Hathaway run by billionaire investor Warren E. Buffett announced that it had acquired an 8 % stake in Kraft then worth over $ 4 billion .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Stephen Harper	Canada	Prime Minister Stephen Harper announced a shakeup in his cabinet Friday in moves he said were aimed at avoiding an unnecessary election in Canada where the Conservatives rule as a minority .
per:title(e1,e2)	Dr. Dre	record producer	Andre Romelle Young ( born February 18 1965 ) known by his stage name Dr. Dre is an American record producer rapper and entrepreneur .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Hans Blix	International Atomic Energy Agency	Other alumni are Dag ( 1905 1961 ) United Nations Secretary General who was ( posthumously ) awarded the Nobel Peace Prize in 1961 and the Swedish diplomat Hans Blix ( b. 1928 ) who was Head of the International Atomic Energy Agency 1981 1997 of the UNMOVIC 2000 2003 and previously Swedish Minister of Foreign Affairs 1978 1979 .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Agostinho Neto	Angola	Agostinho Neto ( September 17 1922 September 10 1979 ) served as the first President of Angola ( 1975 1979 ) after having led the Popular Movement for the Liberation of Angola ( MPLA ) in the war for independence ( 1961 - 1974 ) .
no_relation	Benito Mussolini	Empire	Fascist dictator Benito Mussolini who strove to connect fascism with the glories of the Roman Empire ordered the altar fully excavated in the 1930s to commemorate the anniversary of Augustus ' birth .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Larry Graham	Graham	Larry Graham Jr. ( born August 14 1946 ) is an American bass guitar player both with the popular and influential psychedelic soul/funk band Sly and the Family Stone and as the founder and frontman of Graham Central Station .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e2,e1)	Alberta	Peter Lougheed	During his time in office he served in the Executive Council of Alberta as Minister of the Environment from 1979 to 1982 under the Peter Lougheed government .
no_relation	North America	Church of God	The Foursquare Church formed the Pentecostal Fellowship of North America in 1948 in Des Moines Iowa in an alliance with the Assemblies of God the Church of God the Open Bible Standard Churches the Pentecostal Holiness Church and others .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Ahmed Ben Bella	FLN	When the Sand War broke out between Morocco and Algeria in 1963 Ben Barka then in Algeria officially sided with Ahmed Ben Bella 's FLN government .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	Cox Enterprises	Cox Communications	In 2004 Cox Enterprises announced a debt financed $ 7.9 billion privatization bid for the 38 % of the cable television business Cox Communications that it does not already own .
org:founded_by(e1,e2)	TDE	Ulrich Kiesow	The Dark Eye ( TDE ( DSA ) ) is a German role-playing game created by Ulrich Kiesow and launched by Schmidt Spiel Freizeit GmbH and Droemer Knaur Verlag in 1984 .
org:alternate_names(e2,e1)	Osaka	Osaka University	In 1949 under Japan's new educational systems Osaka College of Economics was developed into four-year Osaka University of Economics .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	he	Capitol Records	It was the final Darin single released on the Atco Records unit of Atlantic Records before he began recording for Capitol Records .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Vancouver	Joyce Murray	According to Exploring Vancouver an architectural guide to the city : Kitsilano is situated within the Canadian federal electoral districts of Vancouver Quadra and Vancouver Centre currently held by Joyce Murray and Hedy Fry respectively .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Susan Collins	Maine	Former presidential rival Senator John McCain and Senator Susan Collins of Maine spoke in the former first lady's favor .
no_relation	NORTHWEST	Northwest Airlines	NORTHWEST ( Romulus Mich. ) Northwest Airlines Corp. said on Wednesday it will cut jobs because of high oil prices and will begin charging $ 15 to check a single piece of luggage and as much as $ 100 to redeem a frequent-flier award ticket .
per:origin(e1,e2)	Blair	British	On a personal level Blair became the first serving British prime minister to became a father since 1849 when his wife Cherie a prominent human rights lawyer gave birth to their third son Leo on May 20 2000 .
per:title(e2,e1)	film director	Lee Tamahori	In early 2006 Geragos won the dismissal of a prostitution charge against film director Lee Tamahori .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	United Arab Emirates	Khalifa bin Zayed Al Nahyan	Bush called his counterpart of the United Arab Emirates ( UAE ) Sheikh Khalifa bin Zayed Al Nahyan in mid-July expressing appreciation for UAE's decision to cancel Iraq debt .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Bridget Pastoor	Alberta	He appeared alongside Bridget Pastoor who would later become a MLA for the Alberta Liberal Party in Lethbridge East in 2004 .
no_relation	Domenici	New Mexico	It was the month before a hotly contested election involving Domenici's protege Rep. Heather Wilson R-N.M. Domenici calling Iglesias at home wanted to know about the timing of a grand jury investigation that touched on New Mexico Democrats and that had become an issue in Wilson's race .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	P. V. Narasimha Rao	India	First established in 1985 they are the brain child of the then human resources minister P. V. Narasimha Rao ( who later became Prime Minister of India ) to find and foster talented children from the rural parts of India .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e2,e1)	Minnesota	Chaudhary	On July 11 2010 the special panel of the Minnesota DFL Party unanimously upheld the revocation of Chaudhary 's endorsement.www.startribune.com Chaudhary loses attempt to regain endorsement Chaudhary still chose to proceed to the Minnesota primary election as an unendorsed DFL candidate .
per:spouse(e1,e2)	Fuad I of Egypt	Nazli Sabri	She was the eldest daughter of Sultan Fuad I of Egypt and Sudan ( later King Fuad I ) and his second wife Nazli Sabri . ) .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Nicaragua	Daniel Ortega	Castro policy towards Nicaragua on this issue has been criticized as an appeasement approach that did not work and encouraged Nicaragua's president Daniel Ortega to pursue an aggressive policy against Costa Rica Excanciller BrunoStagno se lanza contra Castro ( Spanish ) .
no_relation	Laurel	United States	Chaplin and Laurel arrived on the same boat from Britain with the Karno troupe and toured the United States .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Energy	Samuel Bodman	Energy Secretary Samuel Bodman said on Thursday that Brooks will resign within the month .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Dr. Dre	Aftermath	It is his only release under Dr. Dre 's Aftermath Entertainment record label .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Converse College	Spartanburg	After leaving Glynn Academy he spent several years at Converse College in Spartanburg SC before his retirement .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	George M. Robeson	Navy	The box containing the sextant has several inscriptions : Captain Halls Quadrant To be given to his family and To the Honorable George M. Robeson U.S. N. Secretary to the Navy and from William Reid .
org:alternate_names(e1,e2)	China National Space Administration	CNSA	It will be China's first lunar rover part of the second phase of the Chinese Lunar Exploration Program undertaken by China National Space Administration ( CNSA ) .
no_relation	Ottawa	he	It underscores the importance of having government and industry working together to create a better bond between the city of Beijing and the city of Ottawa he added .
no_relation	Ensign	Nevada	As new allegations of potential improper lobbying have surfaced in recent weeks against Ensign Republican colleagues in Washington and Nevada have remained largely silent and associates say Ensign has found himself more isolated politically .
per:title(e2,e1)	Consul	Lucius Cornelius Sulla	Over the objections of the former Consul Gaius Marius the Consul for the year Lucius Cornelius Sulla was ordered by the senate to assume command of the war against Mithridates.Holland 64 Marius a member of the democratic ( populare ) party had a Tribune revoke Sulla's command of the war against Mithridates Holland 66 so Sulla a member of the aristocratic ( optimate ) party brought his army back to Italy and marched on Rome .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Ranil Wickremasinghe	Sri Lanka	Her People's Alliance lost to the UNP and her political opponent Ranil Wickremasinghe took office as Sri Lanka 's new Prime Minister .
no_relation	Oscar Peterson	Grappelli	Burrows has played with world-renowned musicians such as Frank Sinatra Dizzy Gillespie and Nat King Cole Oscar Peterson James Morrison Tony Bennett the Sydney Symphony Grappelli and Cleo Laine .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Tom Harkin	Iowa	Democratic Senator Tom Harkin of Iowa .
org:members(e2,e1)	Major James Van Fleet	Florida Gators	The 1924 college football season was Major James Van Fleet 's second and final year as the head coach of the Florida Gators football team .
org:founded_by(e2,e1)	Jay Adelson	Revision3	Jay Adelson and Kevin Rose along with co-founding team that included Ron Gorodetsky Dan Huard Keith Harrison and David Prager founded Revision3 in April 2005 .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Georgia	Johnny Isakson	Sens. Bob Menendez amp ; Frank Lautenberg D-N.J. T. Heritage Foundation U. Georgia Congressional Offices V. Army Corps of Engineers W. Sens. Johnny Isakson and Saxby Chambliss R-Ga .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Andrew Fisher	Labor	Hughes became Prime Minister when Andrew Fisher retired before leaving the ALP to form the National Labor Party and then the Nationalist Party .
per:cities_of_residence(e2,e1)	Winnipeg	Brad Roberts	Roberts began performing in a house band for the Blue Note Cafe in Winnipeg under the moniker Bad Brad Roberts and the St. James Rhythm Pigs .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e2,e1)	Indiana	Benjamin Harrison	Elizabeth Harrison ( February 21 1897 Indianapolis Indiana December 25 1955 New York City ) was the third of three surviving children of the former U.S. President Benjamin Harrison and the only child of his second wife Mary Scott Lord Dimmick.Harrison Heritage December 1982 Vol .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Vietnam	Ho Chi Minh	By July 31 2007 Vietnam had 197 companies having their shares either listed or registered for transactions at the Ho Chi Minh City Stock Exchange and the Hanoi Securities Trading Center with total value of 276.80 trillion VND ( 17.30 billion dollars ) or 28.4 percent of the country's GDP in 2006 according to the country's State Securities Commission .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	British Airways	OpenSkies	With the creation of an Open Skies agreement between Europe and the United States in March 2008 British Airways started a new subsidiary airline called OpenSkies ( previously known as Project Lauren ) .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	George Washington	Continental Army	The question that Free State voters will face _ whether to seat a constitutional convention next year in the State House where George Washington resigned as commander of the Continental Army _ is a direct challenge from the grave of Thomas Jefferson .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Iceland	Oddsson	He was head of the Central Bank of Iceland in 2009 succeeded Oddsson and was in office from February to August 2009 .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Johnny O'keefe	The Dee Jays	The tour was supported by Col Joye The Joy Boys Lonnie Lee Dig Richards The R'Jays Candy Mandy ( a female vocal duo Gordon had discovered ) and Johnny O'keefe The Dee Jays making their first major concert performance since O'Keefe's near-fatal car accident earlier in the year .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Albania	Fatos Nano	Movement for Solidarity is an Albanian political party the formation of which was announced on September 19 2007 by former Prime Minister of Albania and former Socialist Party of Albania leader Fatos Nano .
org:founded_by(e1,e2)	Land Rover	Rover Company	The original Land Rover Owners Club was set up by the Rover Company in 1954 .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	ministry	NPA	Jiang said the ministry has ordered the Taichung City Police Bureau and the NPA 's Criminal Investigation Bureau to set up a special task force to track down the fugitive gunman and other suspects involved in the case .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	Heythrop College	University of London	It is also closely associated with the Centre for Christianity and Interreligious Dialogue at Heythrop College University of London .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	GMM Grammy	Hub Ho Hin	It was his first release under the new studio GTH formed by the merger of GMM Grammy 's GMM Pictures producer Visute Poolvoralaks ' Tai Entertainment and producer-director Jira Maligool's Hub Ho Hin production company .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Cambodia	Hun Sen	As a result Preap In is still remembered in Cambodia as a figure of opposition to the Sangkum : the current Cambodian Prime Minister Hun Sen has several times threatened to broadcast the film of In's execution as part of his ongoing public disagreements with Sihanouk .
org:top_members/employees(e1,e2)	Enron	Kenneth Lay	A short time before the company's implosion Enron CEO Kenneth Lay was interviewed by National Public Radio .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Harold Godwinson	England	Harold Godwinson or Harold II ; ( c. 1022 14 October 1066 ) was the last Anglo-Saxon King of England .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Bhutto	Pakistan	The U.S. government also stays in contact through its embassy in Islamabad and various consulates in the country with Pakistan political parties including Bhutto 's Pakistan People's Party and those that support President Pervez Musharraf as well as another key political rival former prime minister Nawaz Sharif State Department spokesman Tom Casey said .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	CNN	Turner Broadcasting System	CNN and Court TV units of Turner Broadcasting System are owned by Time Warner Inc .
per:title(e2,e1)	director	Philip Kaufman	West previously worked with director Philip Kaufman on his crime drama Rising Sun '' .
per:origin(e1,e2)	Karen Kilimnik	American	Karen Kilimnik ( born 1955 in Philadelphia ) is an American painter and installation artist .
org:city_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Bethpage	Grumman	From 1936 until 1994 Bethpage was home to the Grumman Aircraft Engineering Corporation which made among other things the F-14 Tomcat and the Apollo Lunar Module for moon landings .
no_relation	Agriculture	Dan Glickman	In September of that year he was replaced by former Secretary of Agriculture Dan Glickman .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	MO	Missouri State University	Angst graduated from Conway High School in Conway MO in 1975 and attended Missouri State University .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Tommy Sheridan	Solidarity	In August 2006 the International Socialists declared their intention to leave the SSP and join forces with a new grouping led by Tommy Sheridan and involving also the Socialist Workers Party called Solidarity Scotland's Socialist Movement ( more commonly just ' Solidarity ' ) .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Enya	Clannad	In his search for suitable music to accompany the series he came across Enya Brennan member of the band Clannad whom he had filmed as part of his As I Roved Out television series .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Canada	Ken Danby	Danby was born in Guelph Ontario Canada the son of Canadian painter Ken Danby .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Central Mindanao University	Maramag	Central Mindanao University Laboratory High School or CMULHS is a secondary school in Musuan Maramag Bukidnon Philippines .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Cudi	GOOD Music	The mixtape caught the attention of Kanye West who subsequently signed Cudi to his GOOD Music label in late 2008 .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Vietnam	Ho Chi Minh	The partition of Vietnam with Ho Chi Minh 's Democratic Republic of Vietnam in North Vietnam and Emperor B?o i's State of Vietnam in South Vietnam was not intended to be permanent by the Geneva Accords and the Accords expressly forbade the interference of third powers .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Medco Health Solutions	Franklin Lakes	From 2003-2007 he served on the Board of Directors of Medco Health Solutions a large pharmacy benefits manager headquartered in Franklin Lakes New Jersey .
no_relation	Swedish Air Force	3	The Swedish Air Force ordered 3 aircraft of this modified type and gave them the designation J 6A .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Cuba	Castro	Cuba also joined the Non-Aligned Movement and the organization was headed by both Fidel Castro and Castro .
org:city_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Haikou	Hainan Airlines	HNA Group a Chinese airlines based in Haikou capital of Hainan Province said two of its subsidiaries Grand China Air ( CN ) and Hainan Airlines Company Limited ( HU ) would also recruit 100 in - flight stewards and stewardesses from the Game's volunteers .
per:cities_of_residence(e2,e1)	Boston	John Singleton Copley	Boston artist Henry Pelham ( half-brother of the celebrated portrait painter John Singleton Copley ) created an image of the event .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	He	French Polynesia	He is of Chinese descent and is a founding member of French Polynesia 's pro-French Tahoera'a Huiraatira political party .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	Stingers	Concordia University	Nick Benjamin played for Concordia Stingers of Concordia University in Montreal Quebec .
no_relation	USA	Groningen	Conferences : IAF Australia Nov 28-30 '07 Adelaide South Australia IAF North America Apr 10-12 '08 Atlanta Georgia USA IAF Africa Jul 24-25 '08 Pilanesburg South Africa IAF Asia Aug 27-28 '08 Bangkok Thailand IAF Europe Oct 02-05 '08 Groningen The Netherlands .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	England	Harringay Racers	In the season of 1936-37 Hickey Nicholson displayed his talents in England where he was with the Harringay Racers in the London area .
no_relation	Eiffel 65	Italy	From 2003 to 2006 Massimo Gabutti produces the 2 albums of Gabry Ponte ( Eiffel 65 DJ and Radio personality ) Doctor Jeckyll and Mr. DJ and Gabry Ponte both of them released by Universal Italy getting in the national charts with the singles Geordie ( highest # 15 ) and La Danza delle streghe ( highest # 5 ) .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Henry Campbell-Bannerman	United Kingdom	Henry Campbell-Bannerman was Prime Minister of the United Kingdom from 1905 to 1908 .
per:origin(e2,e1)	Vietnam	Ho Chi Minh	Vietnam will start building a highway linking Ho Chi Minh City with southern province of Dong Nai with investment of 9.76 trillion Vietnamese dong ( 547.15 million U.S. dollars ) next month local newspaper the People reported Thursday .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Yellow Rat Bastard	New York	Yellow Rat Bastard is the flagship establishment in a chain of New York City retail clothing stores owned by Henry Ishay .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	State	Robert Lansing	On October 5 Secretary of State Robert Lansing was the first official to propose that Marshall forcibly assume the presidency .
per:spouse(e2,e1)	Gene Hawkins	she	In 1955 Hawkins a former model and her husband Gene Hawkins an electrical engineer and businessman moved to Florida where she was active in civic affairs before being elected to the State Public Service Commission in 1972 .
org:founded(e2,e1)	1886	Federation of Organized Trades and Labor Unions	It was called the American Federation of Labor ( AFL ) and was founded by Samuel Gompers in 1886 to replace its predecessor the Federation of Organized Trades and Labor Unions .
per:cities_of_residence(e2,e1)	New York	Martin Landau	We started together in New York and he always excelled at everything he set out to do his friendships and his humanity as much as his talents Martin Landau a longtime close friend of Pollack's and an associate from the Actor's Studio said through spokesman Dick Guttman .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Serbian League West	Serbia	They currently play in the Serbian League West ( Srpska liga Zapad ) a third tier in Serbia 's football league .
org:city_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Williamsport	Pennsylvania College of Technology	Williamsport is the home of Lycoming College and Pennsylvania College of Technology The Commonwealth Medical College as well as the Newport Business Institute Barone Beauty School and Empire Beauty School .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	tu	College Station	Texas University ( tu or TAMU ) is a coeducational public research university located in College Station Texas United States .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Canada	Matt Mays	From here the brothers joined back up with the Crowes and headed to Canada for the month of May with openers Matt Mays and El Torpedo .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Starr	Apple	The song did n't see inclusion on an album until the release of Starr 's 1975 Apple greatest hits compilation Blast from Your Past .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Mohammad Najibullah	Afghanistan	It was initially headed by Mohammad Najibullah until he became President of Afghanistan in 1986 .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Gyula	Council	Gyula ( 1 June 1910 12 March 1996 ) was a Hungarian Communist politician who served as Chairman of the Council of Ministers of the People's Republic of Hungary from 1965 to 1967 and as Speaker of the National Assembly of Hungary 1967 1971 .
per:cities_of_residence(e2,e1)	Pittsburgh	his	In 1941 Smetona emigrated to the United States and lived in Pittsburgh and Chicago before settling in Cleveland Ohio in May 1942 with his son Julius ' family .
org:alternate_names(e1,e2)	UTS	University of Toronto	Virtually all UTS students go on to university following graduation : in 2004 the University of Toronto McGill Queen's Waterloo McMaster and UBC were the most popular destinations accounting for more than two-thirds of graduates ; of the rest a majority attended U.S. universities ( primarily Ivy League and other top tier US institutions ) .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	She	France	She was the first and so far only woman to have held the office of Prime Minister of France .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Commodores	Nashville	The Commodores played their six home games at Dudley Field in Nashville Tennessee .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	York College	York	York College is a further and higher education college in York England .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Polk	Tennessee	After graduating the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill in 1818 young Polk went to work for a Tennessee state senator and was elected clerk of the State Senate the following year .
org:founded_by(e2,e1)	Jack Friedman	Jakks Pacific	LJN Toys Ltd. was founded in 1970 by Jack Friedman who later founded other toy companies notably THQ and Jakks Pacific .
org:founded(e1,e2)	Lakeview High School	September 1975	The first classes were held at Lakeview High School in September 1975 .
per:title(e2,e1)	Prime Minister	Abdullah Ahmad Badawi	Najib's remarks come after Prime Minister Abdullah Ahmad Badawi pledged last month not to indiscriminately approve logging licences amid mounting concern that clearances are threatening endangered species and tribal communities .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Sweden	Ingmar Bergman	It's an unbelievable loss for Sweden but even more so internationally Astrid Soderbergh Widding president of The Ingmar Bergman Foundation told The Associated Press .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Atran	Moscow	Atran LLC ( ) is a cargo airline based in Moscow Russia .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Brandi Carlile	Columbia	Live at Benaroya Hall with the Seattle Symphony is a live album and fourth album overall by the American singer-songwriter Brandi Carlile released on May 3 2011 through Columbia Records .
no_relation	Chiang Kai-shek	Republic	The statement made by Chiang Kai-shek six decades ago with the purpose of encouraging his followers to reclaim their lost territory has been used by local pro-independence groups as evidence of the non-existence of the Republic of China .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Walker	Columbia	In 1929 Walker made his recording debut with a single for Columbia Records Wichita Falls Blues / Trinity River Blues billed as Oak Cliff T-Bone .
no_relation	Constantine	Justinian II	Leontios was born in Isauria.Moore Leontius A professional soldier from an early age he rose swiftly through the ranks and was appointed strategos ( military governor ) of the Anatolic theme during the reign of Emperor Constantine IV.Moore Leontius In 686 Leontios was chosen by Justinian II to lead the Byzantine army against the Arabs in Georgia and Armenia .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	Vivo	Portugal Telecom	URGENT Telefonica in agreement to buy Vivo from Portugal Telecom .
org:alternate_names(e1,e2)	Darlington F.C.	The Quakers	The town is home to the football team Darlington F.C. known as The Quakers because of the contributions made to the town by men such as Edward and Joseph Pease members of the Religious Society of Friends .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	General Motors	Hummer	General Motors says it has agreed to sell its Hummer brand to an undisclosed buyer .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Raf Vallone	Italy	In 1956 Jurado debuted on Broadway playing Filomena Marturano with Raf Vallone which would later be filmed in Italy as Marriage Italian Style with Sophia Loren and Marcello Mastroianni .
no_relation	Stagecoach in Warwickshire	Rugby	Upon national re-branding in 2000 Stagecoach Midland Red became Stagecoach in Warwickshire for operations from Leamington Nuneaton and Rugby and Stagecoach in Banbury for operations in Banbury .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	TelstraClear	New Zealand	ihug was New Zealand's third largest ISP ( behind Xtra and TelstraClear ) before it was bought then absorbed by Vodafone New Zealand ( the country's largest mobile phone operator ) .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Haley	South Carolina	Haley is the first woman to serve as Governor of South Carolina and the second Indian-American governor in the country after fellow Republican Bobby Jindal of Louisiana .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Republican Party	Tina Benkiser	Texas State Republican Party Chairman Tina Benkiser .
org:members(e2,e1)	Florida Gulf Coast University	Division I	The 2012 13 Florida Gulf Coast Eagles men's basketball team represented Florida Gulf Coast University during the 2012 13 NCAA Division I men's basketball season .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Solomon Bandaranaike	Sri Lanka	Solomon Bandaranaike first elected leader of independent Sri Lanka was assassinated by a Buddhist militant .
org:founded_by(e2,e1)	Letterman	Worldwide Pants Incorporated	In 1995 Letterman handpicked Snyder to host a late night talk show following his Late Show on CBS - The Late Late Show produced by Letterman 's Worldwide Pants Incorporated aired until 1999 .
no_relation	Lucas Fox	1975	Born on 21 September 1954 in Hasland Chesterfield England Taylor replaced first drummer Lucas Fox during the recording of the band's first recording On Parole in 1975 .
org:top_members/employees(e1,e2)	Marvel Comics	Roberto Aguirre-Sacasa	In 2004 Marvel Comics ' editor-in-chief Joe Quesada announced that playwright Roberto Aguirre-Sacasa would become the new writer for Fantastic Four one of the company's flagship titles .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	MxPx	Washington	This is a comprehensive listing of official releases by MxPx a three-piece American Christian punk band formed in 1992 in Bremerton Washington .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Houghton College	Houghton	Houghton College main campus is in the hamlet of Houghton in Allegany County New York about southeast of Buffalo New York and southwest of Rochester New York .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	University of Alberta Hospital	Alberta	The University of Alberta Hospital Mazankowski Alberta Heart Institute and the Stollery Children's Hospital co-reside within the large Walter C. Mackenzie Health Sciences Centre ( WMC ) and act as embedded hospitals within a hospital .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	johannes	Iceland	johannes ( January 16 1859 June 23 1926 ) was an Icelandic politician and was Prime Minister of Iceland on two occasions .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Sonthi Boonyaratglin	Prime Minister	The army commander ( General Sonthi Boonyaratglin ) told me we need to reinforce the military in order to better protect innocent lives and property Prime Minister Surayud Chulanont told reporters .
org:alternate_names(e1,e2)	The Walt Disney Company	Disney Interactive Studios	In 2007 The Walt Disney Company renamed Buena Vista Games to Disney Interactive Studios .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Islamia University	Bahawalpur	The Islamia University of Bahawalpur ( abbreviated as IUB ) ( ) colloquially known as Islamia University is located in Bahawalpur Punjab Pakistan.IUB is a public sector university 2 .
no_relation	Los Angeles	Harbor-UCLA Medical Center	With infections increasingly resistant to even the most modern antibiotics researchers at the Los Angeles Biomedical Research Institute at Harbor-UCLA Medical Center ( LA BioMed ) report in the September issue of Nature Reviews Microbiology on new clues they have uncovered in immune system molecules that defend against infection .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Western Australia	Jon	In 1978 the parents of the Farriss boys moved to Perth Western Australia taking Jon who was still at high school .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Jackson Beardy	Canada	From 1982 through 1983 Jackson Beardy was senior arts advisor to the Federal Department of Indian Affairs and Northern Development now Indian and Northern Affairs Canada .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e2,e1)	Nova Scotia	Pierre Trudeau	Norrie was appointed to the Senate for the Colchester-Cumberland Nova Scotia division on 27 April 1972 following nomination by Prime Minister Pierre Trudeau .
per:origin(e2,e1)	American	James Madison	His peers hailed him as the Father of the Constitution and scholars agree that no one had a greater role in shaping American Constitutional theory and in framing the particulars of representative government than James Madison .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	Republic Airways Holdings	Chautauqua Airlines	On May 26 2004 an IPO was launched on NASDAQ under the ticker symbol RJET with Wexford Capital remaining the majority shareholder of Republic Airways Holdings the parent company of Chautauqua Airlines .
per:country_of_birth(e1,e2)	Jackson	US	In 1995 Jackson and Marceau filmed a joint mime routine but a plan to work together never materialised due to the US star's health problems Serra said .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Gilles Duceppe	Quebec	Bloc leader Gilles Duceppe said Quebec received only 80 percent of the transfer payments the Bloc had requested on the province's behalf -- not bad but not enough .
org:alternate_names(e1,e2)	Civil Aviation Authority of Singapore	CAAS	As Chairman of the Civil Aviation Authority of Singapore ( CAAS ) for 15 years from 1984 he ensured that the airport had kept up with if not exceed world-class quality standards .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	New York	School of Visual Arts	-- Gold Medal : Art's Desire Sarah Wickliffe New York University and Mirage Youngwoong Jang School of Visual Arts New York .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	TX	Houston Cougars	High school coaches across the nation have adapted some version of this scheme with great success notably Todd Dodge at Southlake Carroll High School in the Dallas-Fort Worth area ( now at Marble Falls High School in Marble Falls TX ) Art Briles at Stephenville High School in Central Texas and the Houston Cougars ( now at Baylor ) Gus Malzahn at Springdale High School in Arkansas ( later the offensive coordinator for the Arkansas Razorbacks and Auburn Tigers .
per:cities_of_residence(e2,e1)	West Chester	Jess Margera	Gnarkill was an American parody band that formed in West Chester Pennsylvania in 2002 and comprises vocalist Brandon DiCamillo guitarist Rich Vose keyboardist Bam Margera drummer Jess Margera and mixer Matt Cole .
org:founded(e2,e1)	1948	Western European Union	An agreement expanded the Brussels Treaty of 1948 to include West Germany and Italy creating the Western European Union .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Gustavo Dudamel	Venezuela	In Feb 2009 Eustache premiered as composer-soloist his Suite Concertante for World Woodwinds Symphony Orchestra - performing on 21 solo Woodwinds Instruments under the baton of his fellow-countryman Maestro Gustavo Dudamel with his Orquesta Caracas Venezuela .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Ahmad Shah Massoud	Afghanistan	From 1999 onwards a renewed process was set into motion by the Tajik Ahmad Shah Massoud and the Pashtun Abdul Haq to unite all the ethnicities of Afghanistan .
no_relation	Quebec	Gilles Duceppe	In the elections of November 27 2000 Saint-Maurice finished in 4th place with 2156 votes for the Marijuana Party in the riding of Laurier-Sainte-Marie ( Quebec ) behind leader Gilles Duceppe the Bloc Jean-Philippe PLC and Dylan Perceval-Maxwell's Green Party .
per:cities_of_residence(e2,e1)	Rome	Raphael	Unlike Michelangelo who had been kept hanging around in Rome for several months after his first summons Raphael was immediately commissioned by Julius to fresco what was intended to become the Pope's private library at the Vatican Palace .
org:alternate_names(e2,e1)	TW	company	In 1992 private equity firm Kohlberg Kravis Roberts acquired a 47 % interest in TW Corporation later known as The Flagstar Companies and encouraged the company to sell non-core businesses .
no_relation	Henrico County	Henrico County Public Schools	Henrico High School is a high school located just outside the Richmond city line in Henrico County Virginia and operated by the Henrico County Public Schools .
org:alternate_names(e1,e2)	West Buckland School	Devon	West Buckland School was founded as the Devon County School in 1858 by Rev. J.L. Brereton Prebendary of Exeter Cathedral and Rector of West Buckland to provide a public school education for sons of farmers and the middle class .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	California	Health	The Managed Risk Medical Insurance Board ( MRMIB ) of California is a component of the California Health and Human Services Agency .
per:country_of_birth(e1,e2)	Ortega	Nicaragua	Ortega was born in La Libertad department of Chontales Nicaragua .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Patrick	California	Patrick sought out the Republican nomination for governor of California in 1966 .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Talbot	UK	Talbot signed with Rainbow Recording Company and released her debut album Over the Rainbow in the UK on 26 November 2007 .
org:top_members/employees(e2,e1)	Melton	Mowbray College	He went to school at the King Edward VII School Melton Mowbray followed by a performing arts course at Melton Mowbray College .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Switzerland	Commerce.Kreis	The Swiss-South African Association was an organization based in Switzerland founded in Zurich in May 1956 to promote relations with South Africa and to function as a Chamber of Commerce.Kreis Georg .
org:founded(e1,e2)	Dynamix	1984	Dynamix Inc. was an American developer of video games from 1984 to 2001 best known for the flight simulator Red Baron the puzzle game The Incredible Machine the Front Page Sports series the acclaimed Betrayal at Krondor and their online multiplayer game Tribes .
no_relation	Will Todd	Landau Forte College	The most recent innovation was a Jazz Choral Concert in November 2011 at which Will Todd 's Mass in Blue was performed at the Landau Forte College Derby .
per:country_of_birth(e1,e2)	Hagen	United States	Walter Hagen was chosen as non-playing captain of the United States team .
org:members(e2,e1)	DHL	ASTAR Air Cargo	In 2007 DHL Express bought 49.5 % of nonvoting and 24.5 % of voting stock and added a member to the board of ASTAR Air Cargo .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	Sha Tin Station	MTR	Sha Tin Station was formerly on the main line of the Kowloon Canton Railway ( KCR ) but since KCR's merger with the MTR it belongs to the East Rail Line of the MTR .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Pakistan	Nawaz Sharif	The present Pakistan Muslim League ( Q ) ( PML ( Q ) ) started as a small group of half a dozen like-minded people in the Nawaz Sharif led faction of PML-N including Mian Mohammad Azhar Khurshid Kasuri Syeda Abida Hussain and her husband Syed Fakhar Imam .
per:title(e2,e1)	President	Tarja Halonen	-- Visiting Finnish President Tarja Halonen meets Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	University of the Punjab	Pakistan	Hailey College of Commerce is a constituent undergraduate graduate and post-graduate college of the University of the Punjab in Lahore Punjab Pakistan .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	U2	the Edge	The strength of the Davis Guggenheim-directed film is the miniature portraits of Led Zeppelin's Jimmy Page U2 's the Edge and the White Stripes ' Jack White .
no_relation	Madonna	author	Reflecting on the song Madonna told author J. Randy Taraborrelli : Academics analyzed the usage of the term material as odd because according to them materialistic is the correct word .
org:alternate_names(e2,e1)	National Brotherhood of Workers of America	NBWA	The National Brotherhood of Workers of America ( NBWA ) was the largest body of organised African American workers in the United States of America in 1919 .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Peru	Alberto Fujimori	Relations between Lima and Tokyo have been warming since 2007 when Peru 's former president Alberto Fujimori ended a seven-year exile in Japan .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Gilbert Collins	New Jersey	Gilbert Collins was the 23rd Mayor of Jersey City New Jersey from May 5 1884 to May 2 1886 .
org:founded_by(e1,e2)	FABRAP	Rothschild	FABRAP or Finch Alexander Barnes Rothschild and Paschal was an architectural firm founded in Atlanta Georgia in 1958 .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Jim Talent	Missouri	Jim Talent declined to run again and Attorney Ed Martin and former Missouri GOP Chair Ann Wagner were instead eyeing Missouri's 2nd Congressional District .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Greece	Xenophon Zolotas	ND returned to power in a coalition government ( prime minister : Tzannis Tzannetakis ) with the traditional Left Party ( Coalition of the Left and Progress which at the time included the Communist Party of Greece ) in 1989 subsequently participated in the grand coalition government of Xenophon Zolotas from November 1989 to April 1990 and eventually formed a majority government under Constantine Mitsotakis after new elections were held on 10 April 1990 .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	August	The Edge	August Partners a firm involving U2 members Bono The Edge Adam Clayton Larry Mullen and manager Paul McGuinness joined the venture after the band was thrown out of their docklands studios six years ago .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	William Conrad	Los Angeles	William Conrad produced when the show moved to KMPC Los Angeles with Mel Johnson as the Hermit ( 1940-42 ) followed by John Dehner ( 1942-44 ) .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Purdue University	France A.	http://jconline.com/apps/pbcs.dll/article?AID=/20060805/NEWS0501/608050345 On May 7 2007 the Purdue University Board of Trustees announced the appointment of France A. to succeed Jischke as the university's 11th president effective July 16 2007 .
per:origin(e2,e1)	French	Jacques-Louis David	Jean-Baptiste Coste ( 1777 1809 ) was a French painter and friend of Jacques-Louis David .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Australia	Alfred Deakin	The investment was of such significance in Australia at the time that Prime Minister Alfred Deakin laid the factory's foundation stone on 21 October 1908 .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	Killer Kowalski	Malden	He was later trained by professional wrestler and trainer Killer Kowalski in Malden Massachusetts .
org:founded(e2,e1)	3 August 2009	ESPN Classic	On 3 August 2009 ESPN Classic launched on Virgin Media channel 533 as a part of the XL pack and in early 2011 video on demand content started to appear on the Virgin Media platform .
org:members(e2,e1)	Mint Royale	Faith Hope	On the Ropes is the debut album by British big beat duo Mint Royale released in 1999 on the Faith Hope label .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Boni	Benin	Boni was an independent candidate and this was his first election ; and Amoussou had both run for president three previous times.Elections in Benin African Elections Database Shortly after results were announced in mid-March the government set the date for the second round between Boni and for 19 March .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Rudolf	Austria	first outlined his hermeneutical philosophy of dialogue and his concept of cultural self-comprehension in lectures at the University of Innsbruck ( 1972 ) and at the Royal Scientific Society in Amman Jordan in March 1974 and discussed that notion in a tour around the world ( March April 1974 ) for which he got support and encouragement from Austrian Foreign Minister Rudolf ( later to become President of Austria ) and in the course of which he met with intellectuals and political leaders on all continents .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	University of Edinburgh	Scotland	To find the facilities please use this map : http://www.sport.ed.ac.uk/information/find_us/find-us.shtml The main indoor facility which comprises : The University of Edinburgh 's Peffermill Playing Fields boasts some of the finest sports facilities in Scotland .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Puerto Rico	Nydia Caro	While still at the conservatory Vadiz was a finalist at the Metropolitan Opera House Eastern Region Auditions and did concerts with the Puerto Rico Symphony Orchestra with bass Justino Diaz and renowned singers Ruth Fernandez Chucho Avellanet and Nydia Caro .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Chile	,	However the Centennial of Chile was celebrated on 1910 under the presidency of Pedro Montt ( who died on August 16 1910 ) , Albano ( temporary ) Emiliano Figueroa ( temporary ) and Barros Luco .
org:top_members/employees(e2,e1)	Robert Zubrin	Mars Society	It is very difficult to justify the moon as a primary goal for human spaceflight -- there's not enough new to find out said Robert Zubrin president of the Mars Society and a critic of renewed lunar exploration .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Unsane	Matador Records	Unsane is Unsane's debut album released in 1991 through Matador Records .
org:alternate_names(e1,e2)	SAS	Star Alliance	In May 1997 SAS formed the global Star Alliance network with Air Canada Lufthansa Thai Airways International and United Airlines .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Firaxis Games	Hunt Valley	Dr. Jeffery L. Briggs ( born March 10 1957 in Florence Alabama ) is founder and former President and CEO of Firaxis Games a video game developer based in Hunt Valley Maryland United States .
per:alternate_names(e1,e2)	Bobby Darin	Walden Robert Cassotto	Bobby Darin ( born Walden Robert Cassotto ; May 14 1936 December 20 1973 ) was an American singer songwriter and actor of film and television .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Henri Salvador	France	Henri Salvador a French musician credited with inspiring the bossa nova bringing American rock 'n' roll to France and helping create the music video has died his record label said .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Benedetti	Colombia	In their discussions which Flores said were satisfactory Benedetti offered several proposals to boost bilateral ties including expanding cooperation between the two country's legislatures and invited his counterpart to visit Colombia .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Interior	Ethan A. Hitchcock	He soon clashed with Secretary of the Interior Ethan A. Hitchcock over land matters .
per:cities_of_residence(e2,e1)	New Orleans	Preservation Hall Jazz Band	who two years ago was paired up to live with Leslee from Houston Texas while they studied abroad celebrated their recent graduation from college by living in in Galway Ireland for four months -- Kim from Agawam Massachusetts sends in a pic of her big sister Sara on her 21st birthday -- Nicola from New Zealand sends in a pic from her birthday party where her friends presented her with a birthday cake made out of cupcakes -- Meg from New Orleans LA sends in a pic of her fiancee Martin proposing to her at the Austin City Limits Festival last Sunday while watching the Preservation Hall Jazz Band . . she said yes : .
per:country_of_birth(e2,e1)	Japan	Lisa Furukawa	Originally from Tokyo Japan Lisa Furukawa grew up in Japan and America with a musical family and studied classical music from the age of 2 .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Belle	Pendulum Records	Belle released her debut gospel album Love Forever Shines on May 13 2008 via Pendulum Records .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Midway Airlines	Morrisville	Prior to its disestablishment Midway Airlines had its headquarters in Morrisville .
org:alternate_names(e1,e2)	the Washington Examiner	Washington Examiner	Read more at the Washington Examiner : Obama Democrats got 88 percent of 2008 contributions by TV network execs writers reporters | Washington Examiner .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Enbridge	Alberta	The pipeline owned by the Canadian company Enbridge carried mostly heavy viscous crude from tar sands fields in Alberta Canada bound for Midwestern refineries .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Idaho	College of Idaho	The Wolfe family moved to Middleton Idaho in 1950 so Doc could attend college at the College of Idaho in Caldwell Idaho and to be closer to Libby sister who resided in Roswell Idaho .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Henry Jarvis Raymond	Republican National Committee	The New York Times was founded as the New-York Daily Times on September 18 1851 by journalist and politician Henry Jarvis Raymond then a Whig and later second chairman of the Republican National Committee and former banker George Jones .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Norway	Jens Stoltenberg	The global centre for our enterprise search will be done here from Norway Ballmer told reporters after meeting with Norwegian Prime Minister Jens Stoltenberg in Oslo .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	Airlift Wing	Air National Guard	The Air Guard sole C-5 Galaxy unit the 137th Airlift Squadron 105th Airlift Wing New York Air National Guard at Newburgh New York also contributed to the operation .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Florida	Institute for Simulation and Training	{ EXCERPT } Bizjournals.com NC The University of Central Florida Institute for Simulation and Training has developed two new simulation tools to better train military medics . . .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Treasury	Benjamin Bristow	Many prominent men attended Jewell's service including former Secretary of the Treasury Benjamin Bristow Postmaster Timothy O. Howe and Secretary of Navy William E. Chandler .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Scotty	Nauru	In 2007 Scotty was re-elected President of Nauru amidst claims that his electoral campaign had been funded by Taiwan .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Hong Kong Sanatorium and Hospital	Hong Kong	It has since been replaced as the tallest hospital building in the world by the Phase 3 Building of the Hong Kong Sanatorium and Hospital in Happy Valley Hong Kong in 2008 .
no_relation	Defense	Elliot Richardson	Murphy was principal military assistant to successive Secretaries of Defense Melvin R. Laird and Elliot Richardson deputy director of the CIA in 1976 and 1977 and Deputy Under Secretary of Defense for Policy at the Pentagon from 1977 to 1980 under Jimmy Carter .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	Just Group	Just Jeans	At the same time Premier announced a takeover offer for Just Group one of Australia's largest retailers which owns Just Jeans and other retailers .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	Blodgett	Los Angeles	Born in Minneapolis Minnesota Blodgett attended the University of Minnesota before moving to Los Angeles to act .
per:origin(e2,e1)	Italian	Giulio Tremonti	The capital that will return to Italy will be perfectly legal or it will remain abroad Italian Minister of Economy and Finance Giulio Tremonti said on Monday .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Millet	Worpswede	The influence by the work of French painter Millet who was widely admired among the artists in the Worpswede group may be seen in such pieces as her 1900 Peat Cutters .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Zimbabwe	Morgan Tsvangirai	In Zimbabwe President Mugabe last February entered into a power - sharing deal with the leaders of the two MDC factions Prime Minister Morgan Tsvangirai and Deputy Prime Minister Arthur Mutambara .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Texas	Texas University	The Texas Aggies women's soccer team represents Texas University in NCAA Division I college soccer .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Felice	Breed 77	Felice is one of the original members and founders of Breed 77 .
per:alternate_names(e1,e2)	Billy Curtis	Luigi Curto	Billy Curtis born Luigi Curto ( June 27 1909 November 9 1988 ) was an American film and television actor .
org:city_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	St. Petersburg	Lenfilm	First film studios were founded in St. Petersburg in the first decade of the 20th century and since the 1920s Lenfilm has been the largest film studio based in St. Petersburg .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Paul McCartney	The Beatles	Paul McCartney and Ringo Starr are coming together to promote the upcoming The Beatles : Rock Band video game .
no_relation	Chrysler	Jeep	Meyer will be responsible for marketing the Chrysler Dodge and Jeep brands around the world .
per:country_of_birth(e2,e1)	Cambodia	Lon Nol	The subsequent U.S. bombing of Cambodia the militarist coup led by Western-backed Cambodian Gen. Lon Nol and an erupting civil war led Mr. Dith his wife Meoun Ser and their four children to flee to the capital city of Phnom Penh .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	band	Shatterproof	This was coupled with another live tour and several appearances at festivals across the country including the Leeds Carling festival and Manchester's own D-Percussion where the band signed their first album deal with Shatterproof a local independent label .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Winston Churchill	England	The Winston Churchill School is a comprehensive secondary school in Woking England .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	John Edwards	North Carolina	John Edwards is a former senator from North Carolina and was the Democratic candidate for vice president in 2004 .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	It	Malaysia	It has six campuses in six states across Malaysia .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Philippines	Cebu Pacific	Airbus announced two firm orders from Vietnam Airlines and Philippines low-cost airline Cebu Pacific worth $ 1.8 billion on Tuesday giving the European airline a boost at the Paris Air Show which is overshadowed by recession and a slumping industry .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Philippine Airlines	Philippines	Philippine Airlines is the first carrier in the Philippines to offer Wi-Fi on board which began on April 1 2013 .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	he	Serbian Royal Academy	In 1897 he became an associate member of the Serbian Royal Academy and associate member of the Yugoslav Academy of Sciences and Arts in Zagreb .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	Deutsche Telekom	T-Mobile	Deutsche Telekom ' s T-Mobile appoints Hollender as chief financial officer .
org:city_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Norfolk	Sentara Norfolk General Hospital	Also located in the Ghent district of Norfolk is the historic Naro Theatre The neighborhood is also home to Norfolk's largest medical complex containing Sentara Norfolk General Hospital Sentara Heart Hospital Children's Hospital of the King's Daughters and Eastern Virginia Medical School .
org:founded(e1,e2)	African Party for the Independence of Guinea and Cape Verde	1956	Therefore when the African Party for the Independence of Guinea and Cape Verde ( PAIGC ) was founded in 1956 by Cabral and other pan-africanists it would remain quiet for 3 years organizing and gaining support under its nonviolent banner .
per:country_of_birth(e1,e2)	Zavoloka	Ukraine	Zavoloka Suspenzia nexsound Audio CD $ 13.00 from babesinboyland Kateryna Zavoloka is a musician from Kyiv city Ukraine which seems to be a rarity in itself worth noting .
per:spouse(e2,e1)	Tuesday Weld	he	Moore was married and divorced four times : to actresses Suzy Kendall Tuesday Weld ( by whom he had a son Patrick in 1976 ) Brogan Lane and Nicole Rothschild ( one son Nicholas born in 1995 ) .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Iran	Iran Air	The flight which was inaugurated here on Friday and includes a stop in Damascus Syria is operated in a code-share agreement by the Venezuelan state-controlled airline Conviasa and Iran 's national carrier Iran Air .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Christos Stefanopoulos	of Pyrg	Christos Stefanopoulos ( Greek : 1853 in Elis - 1918 ) was a Greek politician and mayor of Pyrg os .
org:founded_by(e2,e1)	Charles Dow	Dow Jones Company	( as of April 2013 ) The average was created on July 3 1884 by Charles Dow co-founder of Dow Jones Company as part of the Customer's Afternoon Letter .
org:members(e1,e2)	Canada	National Bank of Canada	The Royal Bank of Canada rose 1.25 percent the Bank of Montreal gained 1.39 percent and the National Bank of Canada climbed by 0 .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Italy	Carolina Kostner	Italy 's Carolina Kostner who had the lead going into the free skate but also had a hard spill finished third with 154.87 .
org:top_members/employees(e1,e2)	CBS Corporation	Leslie Moonves	Others include the CEO of America's powerful CBS Corporation Leslie Moonves cinema giant United Artists ' CEO Paula Wagner and Indian media magnates Subhash Chandra and Ronnie Screwvala .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Jerry Salley	Cordle Jackson Salley	Along with friends Carl Jackson and Jerry Salley the trio ( Cordle Jackson Salley ) recorded the song You Running Wild on the Louvin Brothers Tribute on Universal South Records which features numerous country music stars singing songs made famous by the legendary duo .
per:spouse(e1,e2)	Ethan Hawke	Uma Thurman	The Dramatic Arts are currently represented by members Martin Scorsese Ethan Hawke Robert Redford and Uma Thurman and the literary arts by such writers as Alice Hoffman and Edward Renehan .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	Zuffa LLC	UFC	White currently owns 9 % of Zuffa LLC the entity the Fertitta brothers created to own and manage the UFC .
no_relation	Lareine	Applause	Although all other member's left Kamijo decided to continue Lareine alone and created his own record label Applause Records .
no_relation	Kamehameha Schools	Bernice Pauahi Bishop	Although Kamehameha Schools conceded the practice was discriminatory the School maintained that it was bound by the provisions of Bernice Pauahi Bishop 's will which established the charitable trust creating the School as well as mandating that all the teachers be persons of the Protestant religion .
org:founded(e1,e2)	University of Potsdam	1991	The University of Potsdam was formed in 1991 by the amalgamation of the Karl Liebknecht College of Education and the Brandenburg State College as well as several other smaller institutions .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Franklin Knight Lane	Interior	The following day the ICC commissioners elected Clark as chairman filling out the remainder of the one-year term which had been left vacant by the resignation of ICC Chairman Franklin Knight Lane who had been confirmed as Secretary of the Interior .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	Pete Wentz	Chicago	Fall Out Boy was formed in early 2001 by friends Pete Wentz and Joe Trohman who had played in various hardcore punk bands in the Chicago area .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	Chrysler	Jeep	He was the architect of Chrysler 's Toledo Supplier Park in Ohio which integrated suppliers in a close relationship with Chrysler to produce the Jeep Wrangler .
per:cities_of_residence(e2,e1)	Boston	Akrobatik	He has the type of lyrical ability found in such Boston rappers as Mr. Lif Edo G Akrobatik Daney Foxxwoodz Young Argo as well as the mainstream appeal and punchline swagger of Jadakiss Fabolous and Big L. As a result he has collaborated with a wide range of both underground and mainstream artists including Big Shug Papoose Chamillionaire Mobb Deep and Suzanna Lubrano .
org:founded(e1,e2)	University of Kiel	1665	The University of Kiel was founded under the name Christiana Albertina on 5 October 1665 by Christian Albert Duke of Holstein-Gottorp .
no_relation	Celine	France	Celine Cordelier was freed by the Taliban on Saturday and returned to France on Sunday .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Indonesia	Suharto	He had to leave Indonesia for Australia between 1995 and 2002 and was banned by the Suharto regime in March 1998 .
org:founded(e1,e2)	Glasgow Subway	1896	The Glasgow Subway ( previously Glasgow Underground ) was built in 1896 and substantially modernised in 1977 .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	North Carolina State University	United States	Title : Postdoctoral position in multiscale modeling of nano and bio Department : Department of Materials Science and Engineering Employer : North Carolina State University at Raleigh Location : Raleigh NC United States Posted : Aug 21 .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Taiwan	National Chiao Tung University	He was named an honorary professor at many top-tier universities in China ( including Tsinghua University Peking University Shanghai Jiao Tong University Beijing University of Posts and Telecommunications Northern Jiaotong University Fudan University Nankai University Tianjin University University of Electronic Science and Technology of China and Qufu Normal University ) elected as the very first foreign member of the Chinese Academy of Engineering and member of the Academia Scinica in Taiwan and was granted honorary doctoral degrees by National Chiao Tung University in Taiwan and his mother school the University of the Witwatersrand .
org:top_members/employees(e2,e1)	Joseph Kony	LRA	I urge President Obama to sign this bill into law and quickly develop a plan to stop Joseph Kony and the LRA from committing further atrocities by bringing a lasting resolution to this conflict he said citing the group's leader .
per:title(e2,e1)	President	Mwai Kibaki	A statement from the President Press Service said Thuita communicated his decision on Wednesday to President Mwai Kibaki who accepted the request to allow for investigations on the report tabled in Parliament by the Committee on defence and foreign relations regarding purchase of and/or disposal of government Properties at foreign missions .
per:country_of_birth(e2,e1)	Tanzania	Joseph Sinde Warioba	Tanzania 's founding leader President Julius Kambarage Nyerere and Tanzania's former Prime Minister Joseph Sinde Warioba both attended Mwisenge Middle School in Musoma .
per:origin(e2,e1)	China	Chiang Kai-shek	Peiking Suiyuan Railway Operation 1937 China Taiyuan Pacification Headquarters Yen Hsi shan 1st War Area Chiang Kai-shek Sources : See also .
no_relation	google	A-pressen	It was owned by Trygve Hegnar for a period but since 1999 it has been owned by google ( and A-pressen ) .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Wings	United States	Eagles Wings has provided emergency response over the last 10 years in the United States and the Carribean in the wake of natural disasters including Hurricane Katrina in 2005 .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Laurentian Bank of Canada	Quebec	The Laurentian Bank of Canada ( LBC ) ( ) is a Schedule I bank in the province of Quebec .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	his	Massachusetts	Brown eventually became one of Kowalski's trainers to both male and female students at his school outside of Boston Massachusetts .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Joe Clark	Alberta	Joe Clark 's rapid rise from a relatively unknown Alberta MP to the Leader of the Opposition took much of Canada by surprise .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Thea Gilmore	Sanctuary	The Threads EP is an EP by Thea Gilmore her first release after she parted with former label Sanctuary .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Hastings Banda	Malawi	Led by dictator Hastings Banda Malawi was the only African ruled country to maintain close relations with White-ruled South Africa until the 1994 election of Nelson Mandela .
per:country_of_birth(e1,e2)	Freddie Aguilar	Philippines	Ferdinand Pascual Aguilar ( born February 5 1953 ) better known as Freddie Aguilar or Ka Freddie Aguilar is a folk musician from the Philippines .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	DHL	Astar Air Cargo	Currently DHL divides that business between two carriers ABX Air and Astar Air Cargo .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	Ontario Agricultural College	University of Guelph	Andrewes was born in Beamsville Ontario and received a Bachelor of Science degree from the Ontario Agricultural College at the University of Guelph .
per:country_of_birth(e2,e1)	Vietnam	HO CHI MINH	OPTION 1 : 10 UN RESOLUTIONS must be applied and Vietnam must be compelled to quit OPTION 2 : TO APPLY HO CHI MINH 'S METHOD it means starting to murder ten a month the Vietnamese invaders posing as Chief of Village in each 1621 districts in Cambodia and in those 23 provinces in the Mekong Delta ?
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	UK	Bristol Aeroplane Company	This went against usual practice - usually engines are designed and produced by a dedicated company though in the UK the Bristol Aeroplane Company had a substantial engine business and Armstrong Whitworth Aircraft was part of the same business as Armstrong Siddeley The successful Gipsy and the later developments such as the Gipsy Major were successful and popular power units being used in nearly all of de Havilland's light designs and several aircraft from other manufacturers .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Kuomintang	Ma Ying-jeou	Taichung Mayor Jason Hu Taichung City Council Speaker Chang Hung-nien and local business leaders called Thursday for a ticket of former Kuomintang ( KMT ) Chairman Ma Ying-jeou and Legislative Yuan Speaker Wang Jin-pyng representing the KMT in the 2008 presidential race .
org:top_members/employees(e1,e2)	OceanAir	Efromovich	With this acquisition OceanAir is consolidating its position in the Brazilian market Efromovich the president of the airline said .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Hubert Humphrey	Minnesota	At the moment of RFK's death the delegate totals were : Only 14 states held primaries at this time ( California Florida Illinois Indiana Massachusetts Nebraska New Hampshire New Jersey Ohio Oregon Pennsylvania South Dakota Wisconsin and West Virginia ) in addition to Washington D.C. Results by winners : Total popular vote : File : Gov roger d branigin of indiana.gif | Governor Roger Branigin of Indiana File : Fond blanc.svg | Retired Admiral John G. Crommelin of Alabama File : Fond blanc.svg | Businessman Paul C. Fisher of Pennsylvania File : HubertHumphrey.png | Vice President Hubert Humphrey of Minnesota File : Robert F. Kennedy 1964 .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Graham	New Brunswick	Graham graduated from the University of New Brunswick as an alumnus of both Harrison House and Neill House after which he completed an education degree at St Thomas University in Fredericton .
no_relation	University of the Philippines College of Medicine	M.D.	He is a grandchild of the first summa cum laude graduate of the University of the Philippines College of Medicine renowned cardiologist Augusto Camara M.D. of Iba Zambales .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Centaurus High School	Colorado	Centaurus High School ( CHS ) is a secondary school located in Lafayette Colorado and part of the Boulder Valley School District .
per:country_of_birth(e1,e2)	Confucius	China	After Confucius 's resignation he began a long journey or set of journeys around the small kingdoms of northeast and central China traditionally including the states of Wei Song Chen and Cai .
per:origin(e2,e1)	Dutch	Rembrandt	The train was named after the renowned Dutch painter Rembrandt .
org:members(e2,e1)	Texas Tech	Big 12 Conference	When both Texas and Texas Tech were members of the Southwest Conference ( SWC ) from 1960 to 1995 and the Big 12 Conference from 1996 to 2011 the match-up was exclusively a home-and-home series in College Station and Lubbock .
org:members(e2,e1)	England	Federation Shield	He is also a former England international being an integral part of the 2006 Federation Shield winning side .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Clark	December 1993	Clark was elected Leader of the Labor Party in December 1993 and served as Leader of the Opposition until the general election in November 1999 when Labor was again elected to government .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Australia	Alfred Deakin	In addition to Barton Protectionist candidates included many of the leading political figures from colonial Australia including future Prime Minister Alfred Deakin Charles Kingston and Sir John Forrest .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Punjab	Amarinder Singh	Punjab Chief Minister Amarinder Singh who stepped down after it became clear that Congress had lost the election said inflation had been a factor in the party's poor showing .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	Polytechnique de	de	The Polytechnique de is an engineering school/faculty affiliated with the de in Montreal Quebec Canada .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Wayne Shorter	Verve	Beyond the Sound Barrier is a live album by saxophonist Wayne Shorter released on Verve Records in 2005 .
no_relation	Italian	Vita	Daniele Lucchetti the only Italian director in the official selection at Cannes with La Nostra Vita ( Our Life ) criticised Bondi's decision to snub the festival .
org:members(e2,e1)	Mastodon	Warner Bros	The Workhorse Chronicles is a DVD release by American progressive metal band Mastodon released on February 21 2006 through Relapse Records and marks the band's final release through the company before signing up to Warner Bros .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Woodstock Academy	United States	Woodstock Academy ( WA ) founded in 1801 is a high school located in Woodstock Connecticut United States .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Ohio	William B. Saxbe	From 1967 to 1970 he worked as an assistant attorney general under Ohio Attorney General William B. Saxbe .
org:members(e1,e2)	Navy	Gideon Welles	During the Civil War however Secretary of the Navy Gideon Welles named a young assistant U.S. Attorney in the District of Columbia named Nathaniel Wilson to present the government's case in complicated courts-martial .
per:country_of_birth(e2,e1)	Lithuania	he	Lithuania found itself under Soviet rule in 1944 and like tens of thousands of others he fled a crackdown on the independence movement .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Johnson Wales University	Providence	Although he earned a degree in business administration at Johnson Wales University in Providence Rhode Island he later studied theatre at Brown University .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Czechoslovakia	d Jan	There are currently three living former Prime Ministers of Czechoslovakia -- ?alfa an d Jan ; .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Thailand	Modern Dog	The opening and closing theme is a cover of . . Before originally performed by Thailand indie rockers Modern Dog .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Joaquim de Almeida	Portugal	Once completed the parish priest Joaquim de Almeida quickly petitioned that Caveira should be elevated to parish going as far as a petition directly to King John VI of Portugal ( dated December 19 1823 ) .
org:members(e2,e1)	Grambling State Tigers	SWAC	The 2000 Grambling State Tigers football team represented the Grambling State University in the SWAC during the 2000 college football season .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Defensor Sporting	Uruguay	Midfilders : Miguel Amado ( Defensor Sporting Uruguay ) Sebastian Eguren ( Villarreal Spain ) Alvaro Fernandez ( Vitoria Portugal ) Walter Gargano ( Napoli Italy ) Jorge Martinez ( Catania Italy ) Diego Perez ( Monaco France ) Alvaro Pereira ( Porto Portugal ) Jorge Rodriguez ( River Plate Uruguay Cristian Rodriguez ( Porto Portugal ) .
org:founded(e1,e2)	MSEB	June 20 1960	The MSEB was formed on June 20 1960 under Section 5 of the Electricity ( Supply ) Act 1948 .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	Gazprom Media	Gazprom	He is also a member of the board of directors of Gazprom Media NTV and a shareholder of Gazprom .
per:alternate_names(e2,e1)	Bucky Pizzarelli	his	Today Bucky Pizzarelli resides in a home on the banks of the Saddle River in Saddle River New Jersey with his wife Ruth .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	Philip Morris	Altria Group	Philip Morris USA Inc. is a wholly owned subsidiary of Altria Group Inc .
no_relation	Jimmy Garrison	McCoy Tyner	From 1960 to 1966 he was a member of the John Coltrane quartet ( along with Jimmy Garrison on bass and McCoy Tyner on Piano ) a celebrated recording phase appearing on such albums as A Love Supreme .
per:alternate_names(e2,e1)	Sultan	Selim I	Not only had the attitude of Shah Ismail I become more threatening but Sultan Selim I himself was more of the warrior than his Father .
org:members(e2,e1)	UCF Knights	University of Central Florida	The 2012 UCF Knights baseball team represented the University of Central Florida in the 2012 NCAA Division I baseball season .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e2,e1)	Missouri	Jim Talent	In Missouri Republican Sen. Jim Talent and Democratic challenger Claire McCaskill the state auditor won their party ?s primaries .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Demons Down	Sean McNabb	1992's release Demons Down described by Christian as his favorite release features Dennis Chick ( guitars ) ex Quiet Riot bassist Sean McNabb and veteran Tommy Aldridge as well as Christian and Giuffria .
per:cities_of_residence(e2,e1)	Toronto	Christopher Plummer	The Shakespeare Globe Centre of Canada was founded in Toronto in 1985 by Christina and Lyle Blair as a not-for-profit organisation with a board including John Orrell and Christopher Plummer .
no_relation	Realitatea TV	Antena 3	The station's website receives an average of + visitors a day being one of the most visited Romanian websites on the market losing only to Realitatea.NET ( Realitatea TV 's web page Realitatea TV being the first news network by ratings Antena 3 - the second ) .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Guard	Roots Music Group	Guard made his debut with Decca Records progressing to Roots Music Group and is one half of a successful songwriting partnership with Phil Rice .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Iowa State University	Ames	Albert Paley : Portals Gates is an annotated compendium of 150 magnificently reproduced color plates of 150 examples of sculptures by Albert Paley beginning with his first major commission ( Portal Gates ) for the Renwick Gallery of the Smithsonian Institutes in Washington D.C. to his most recent work ( Transformation ) displayed at the Iowa State University Ames Iowa .
org:city_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Lithuania	Antanas Smetona	After the Soviet occupation of Lithuania in 1941 the Antanas Smetona Institute for Lithuanian Studies and the Lithuanian Society of Science were merged into the Institute of the Lithuanian Language within the greater framework of the Academy of Sciences .
no_relation	The Libertines	Babyshambles	In the early summer of 2004 when Pete Doherty once again found himself cast out of The Libertines because of his drug use he brought Babyshambles to the fore with Walden on lead guitar .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e2,e1)	Wisconsin	Tommy Thompson	-- Former Wisconsin Governor Tommy Thompson .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	Royal Norwegian Navy Air Service	Royal Norwegian Navy	On 13 October 1916 von der Lippe was made the first regular director of the Royal Norwegian Navy Air Service after the service was permanently organized and sorted under the Royal Norwegian Navy 's shooting and signals school which von der Lippe was the head of .
org:founded_by(e1,e2)	company	George Lucas	The company was founded in May 1982 as the video game development group of Lucasfilm Limited the film production company of George Lucas .
org:top_members/employees(e2,e1)	Mikhail Fridman	Alfa Group	Recipients include Oleg Deripaska of Rusal owner of Norilsk Nickel and Mikhail Fridman of Alfa Group whose assets VimpelCom and TNK-BP were threatened .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Air Niugini	Papua New Guinea	Air Niugini Limited is the national airline of Papua New Guinea based in Air Niugini House on the property of Jacksons International Airport Port Moresby .
org:founded(e1,e2)	CompuServe	1969	I am not rational about these things said Stephen Lee a doctor in Hanover N.H. who still has dial-up access and e-mail from CompuServe an online service founded in 1969 that AOL bought in 1998 .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Migros	Switzerland	The group made one trip outside of New York City in the summer of 2002 to perform at a museum opening at the Migros Museum in Zurich Switzerland featuring the artwork of Yayoi Kusama and Michel Auder .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	Fastweb	Swisscom	Excluding the contribution from Fastweb revenues grew by 24 million Swiss francs or 0.3 percent year-on-year and operating profit edged 0.9 percent lower Swisscom said .
per:title(e2,e1)	Treasury	Robert Rubin	More now from CNN senior White House correspondent Wolf Blitzer who's awaiting a briefing at the White House by the Treasury Secretary Robert Rubin .
no_relation	He	Decca	He recorded another version of the song in 1947 for Decca ; to this day Crosby's recording of White Christmas for Decca remains the best-selling single worldwide of all time .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Moore	England	There have been nine baronetcies created for persons with the surname Moore two in the Baronetage of England one in the Baronetage of Ireland two in the Baronetage of Great Britain and three in the Baronetage of the United Kingdom .
per:origin(e1,e2)	NPk was a notable Indi	fourth	Morarji Ranchhodji Desai ( Hindi : ; 29 February 1896 10 April 1995 ) NPk was a notable Indi an independence activist and the fourth Prime Minister of India from 1977 - 1979 .
org:alternate_names(e1,e2)	British Aerospace	Rover Group	In 1988 the Longbridge plant along with the rest of Austin Rover was sold to British Aerospace who renamed it as the Rover Group in 1989 .
per:alternate_names(e2,e1)	Frank Uwe Laysiepen	Ulay	Probably the most talked-about part of the exhibition -- generating headlines like Squeezy Does It in The New York Post -- is a re-creation of a 1977 work in which Abramovic and her partner then the German artist Frank Uwe Laysiepen known as Ulay faced each other naked within the frame of a gallery doorway forcing people who wanted to enter to squeeze between them .
no_relation	Cosco	Beijing	The Cosco Hellas is a sister ship of the Cosco Beijing .
org:members(e1,e2)	Florida	A. Crawford Mosley High School	DTV and its staff are all members of the Florida Scholastic Press AssociationWelcome to Mosley High School The A. Crawford Mosley High School football team hosts all of its games at Tommy Oliver Memorial stadium ( Capacity ) in downtown Panama City Florida .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	MTU	Huskies	She started all four years that she attended MTU and her freshman year she helped the Huskies to a first ever NCAA tournament bid .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	John Butler	Jarrah	The AIR Charts survey includes : The distinction between the 100 % Indie and Indie Label categories is : An example of 100 % Indie would be John Butler Trio who are released and distributed through independent record label Jarrah Records .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	A Guy Called Gerald	Moss Side	The DJ A Guy Called Gerald real name Gerald Simpson grew up in Moss Side .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Italy	Benito Mussolini	An Italian senator claims to have discovered five private diaries of Italy 's fascist dictator Benito Mussolini in Switzerland the Corriere della Sera reported Sunday .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Muluzi	Malawi	Muluzi 's time as President was marred by controversy and scandal particularly due to the sale of Malawi 's reserves of maize to other countries shortly before the onset of a drought which resulted in famine throughout the country .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Stephen Malkmus	UK	On the commentary track to the group's Slow Century DVD Stephen Malkmus explained that this single release was at the specific request of the group's UK label Domino Records following significant playtime on John Peel's Radio 1 show .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Ho Chi Minh	Vietnam	The station is located on Nguyen Dinh Chieu Street District 1 Ho Chi Minh City Vietnam .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Joseph Goebbels	Public Enlightenment and Propaganda	The list was assembled in September 1944 by Joseph Goebbels the head of the Ministry of Public Enlightenment and Propaganda and Germany's dictator Adolf Hitler .
per:title(e2,e1)	Prime Minister	Brian Mulroney	led by Canadian Prime Minister Brian Mulroney U.S. President George H. W. Bush and the Mexican President Carlos Salinas de Gortari .
no_relation	Elon Musk	Tesla	Tesla's CEO Elon Musk has said he envisions Tesla as an independent automaker aimed at eventually mass-producing fully electric cars at a price affordable to the average consumer .
org:founded_by(e2,e1)	Katie Grand	Pop	Previous winners include Katie Grand who won a publishing journalism award for launching the first Super Glossy Pop .
per:title(e2,e1)	composer	Ennio Morricone	Italian composer Ennio Morricone and Icelandic singer Bjork have won the 2010 Polar Music Prize .
no_relation	Gordon Smith	Laramie	Judy Shepard will be on the Hill Friday to help Democratic Sen. Edward Kennedy Mass. and Republican Sen. Gordon Smith Ore. introduce federal hate-crime legislation nine years after her 21 - year-old son Matthew was murdered in Laramie Wyo. because he was gay .
org:members(e1,e2)	United States Army Air Forces	Fourteenth Air Force	During World War II the airport was known as Huhsien ( Yuehhsien ) Airfield and was used by the United States Army Air Forces Fourteenth Air Force as part of the China Defensive Campaign ( 1942 1945 ) .
org:members(e1,e2)	Liga	FC Bayern Munich II	Liga match against Dynamo Dresden in August 2009 and scored his first professional goal for FC Bayern Munich II on 29 August 2009 .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	David McComb	The Triffids	In September 2009 Vagabond Holes : David McComb The Triffids - edited by Chris Coughran and Niall Lucy and featuring contributions from Nick Cave DBC Pierre Laurie Duggan John Kinsella Bleddyn Butcher Steve Kilbey Robert Forster Handsome Steve Miller and others - was published by Fremantle Press .
org:top_members/employees(e1,e2)	CNN	Klein	According to CNN employees who would speak only anonymously Klein is focused on finding Brown's replacement at 8 p.m. and is not planning an imminent change at 9 p.m. ( CNN has held talks with Eliot Spitzer among others possibly about appearing on a Crossfire - style show at 8 . ) .
no_relation	Italy	Romina Power	The song was performed twelfth on the night ( following Finland's Fredi with Pump-Pump and preceding Italy 's Al Bano and Romina Power with We 'll Live It All Again ) .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	His	Queen	His last public appearance with the band was at an AIDS charity event in 1997 and his last direct involvement with Queen was with the recording of No-One But You ( Only The Good Die Young ) .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Houston	United States	Houston ( United States ) 3 Municipal ( Guatemala ) 1 .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	Davis	Toronto	Davis studied at The Royal Conservatory of Music in Toronto before playing piano professionally in the 1970s .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Nickel Creek	Chris Thile	Nickel Creek ( formerly known as The Nickel Creek Band ) was an American progressive acoustic music trio consisting of Chris Thile ( mandolin ) Sara Watkins ( fiddle ) and Sean Watkins ( guitar ) .
per:alternate_names(e2,e1)	Herbert Morse	Barry	Herbert Morse ( he changed his name to Barry ) was born June 10 1918 in the slums of London's East End a son of Charles and Mary Hollis Morse .
org:city_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Omaha	Metz Brewery	Omaha also has a long history as a regional beer magnate with the Krug Storz Metz Brewery and Willow Springs Brewery forming the city's Big 4 breweries .
org:founded(e1,e2)	University Press	1998	None of his films were successful commercially.Andrew Pike and Ross Cooper Australian Film 1900 1977 : A Guide to Feature Film Production Melbourne : Oxford University Press 1998 140 .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Lebanon	Fouad Siniora	Sun who is in the French capital to attend an international conference on aid for Lebanon slated for Thursday made the pledge when meeting with Lebanese Prime Minister Fouad Siniora .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Butthole Surfers	Touch	However following a 1999 legal dispute with the Butthole Surfers ( see below ) Touch and Go began asking bands to sign a 1-2 page memorandum of intent .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	He	London	He returned to London between 1841 and 1844 .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Khan	Pakistan	Musharraf Khan argued had begun yet another shabby chapter in Pakistan 's history .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Enron	Houston	WASHINGTON -- The Supreme Court said Tuesday that it will review former Enron Chief Executive Jeffrey Skilling's conviction to see if he received a fair trial in the hothouse atmosphere of Houston following the collapse of the nation's seventh largest company in 2001 .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Kenya	Jomo Kenyatta	Kenya is seen as the focal point on matters of international security because it is home to the Jomo Kenyatta International Airport ( JKIA ) which is a hub of major activities in the world and borders Somalia which has not had a central government for more than 16 years .
org:members(e2,e1)	N.W.A	Ruthless	It was recorded by Dr. Dre following his departure from hip hop group N.W.A and its label Ruthless Records over a financial dispute and consequently features both subtle and direct insults at Ruthless and its owner former N.W.A-member Eazy-E .
org:alternate_names(e1,e2)	Morgan Lily	Gross	Lily was born Morgan Lily Gross in Santa Monica California and is a middle child of four .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Macedonia	Branko Crvenkovski	The acting President of the Republic of Macedonia ( mandate period 2004-2009 ) Branko Crvenkovski acknowledged the victory of VMRO DPMNE on 1 June 2008 parliamentary elections and after the Parliament constituted itself on the 21st of June 2008 the President Branko Crvenkovski on the 23rd of June 2008 gave the VMRO DPMNE's leader and current and future prime minister Nikola Gruevski the mandate to form the new Government of the Republic of Macedonia ( mandate period 2008-2012 ) .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Edgewater Technology	Wakefield	Edgewater Technology is a technology management consulting firm headquartered in Wakefield Massachusetts United States .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	George Washington	Continental Army	In 1789 George Washington of Virginia the commander of the Continental Army during the Revolutionary War was elected the first president of the United States by all 69 presidential electors who cast their votes .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	Watts	London	It was in mid-1962 that Watts first met Brian Jones Ian Stu Stewart Mick Jagger and Keith Richards who also frequented the London rhythm and blues clubs but it was n't until January 1963 that Watts finally agreed to join the Rolling Stones.Wyman 2002 .
per:cities_of_residence(e2,e1)	London	his	Turing was born in London while his father was on leave from his position with the Indian Civil Service ( ICS ) at Chhatrapur Odisha in British India .
org:alternate_names(e1,e2)	Amul	Anand	Its success also known as Anand Pattern led to creation of District Co-operative Milk Producers ' Union at each district created Amul ( Anand Milk Union Limited ) in 1946 .
org:city_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Atlanta Georgia	Turner Broadcasting System	In 1978 Ted Turner then operator of WTCG in Atlanta Georgia wanted to use the call letters WTBS ( for Turner Broadcasting System ) .
per:origin(e2,e1)	American	James K. Polk	During the Mexican American War U.S. President James K. Polk sent him to Mexico to arrange a treaty of peace ; but the negotiations were broken off by a false report announcing the defeat of General Zachary Taylor by Mexican General Antonio de Santa Anna .
per:spouse(e1,e2)	Diana Serra Cary	Gordon Ayres	She later changed her name to Diana Serra Cary explaining After my divorce Gordon Ayres and when I became a Catholic I took Serra as my confirmation name .
org:members(e2,e1)	Virginia Military Institute	Division I	The 2011 VMI Keydets football team represented the Virginia Military Institute during the 2011 NCAA Division I FCS football season as a member of the Big South Conference .
per:alternate_names(e1,e2)	Ch?	Yichi N	He is voiced by Ch? ?( ` ) ( also known as Yichi N agashima ( Lu ) ) .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Maine	he	Maine 's temperance proponents declared they 'd work to unseat Gould but he stated soon after that he would n't run for a second term while denying the prohibitionist threat entered into his decision .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	his	Windham Hill	In 1991 Ackerman and Nelsen started designing and building Imaginary Road Studios originally intended for work on Ackerman's own recordings and his spoken word label Gang of Seven formed after he sold his stake in Windham Hill .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Thomas Jefferson	United States	Monticello is the name of Thomas Jefferson 's estate near Charlottesville Virginia in the United States .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Barry Goldwater	Arizona	Southern Democrats took notice of the fact that 1964 Republican Presidential candidate Barry Goldwater had voted against the Civil Rights Act and in the presidential election of 1964 Goldwater's only electoral victories outside his home state of Arizona were in the states of the Deep South .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Anahuac University	Mexico	Carlos M. Jarque holds a Bachelor's degree in Actuarial Science from Anahuac University of Mexico .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e2,e1)	California	Michael Modest	He left college at the age of twenty and attended the APW Boot Camp in Hayward California where he was trained by Michael Modest and Ric Thompson for two years .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	Fleet Air Arm	6	The type had mostly been retired from Royal Air Force and Royal Navy Fleet Air Arm service prior to the Second World War although No. 6 Squadron RAF No. 45 Squadron RAF and No. 47 Squadron RAF still operated the type in Egypt .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Franz Ferdinand	Alex Kapranos	The album was recorded at Collins ' West Heath Studios and features guest appearances from Franz Ferdinand 's Alex Kapranos and Nick McCarthy Aztec Camera's Roddy Frame Johnny Marr The Rockingbirds ' Andy Hackett and Sean Read The Cribs ' Ryan Jarman and Jacob Graham Connor Hanwick and Jonathan Pierce of The Drums .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Duran Duran	John Taylor	The Power Station was a 1980s supergroup made up of singer Robert Palmer former Chic drummer Tony Thompson and Duran Duran members John Taylor ( bass ) and Andy Taylor ( guitar ) .
org:founded_by(e2,e1)	Latino Buggerveil	Butthole Surfers	Apart from being co-credited on Haynes ' 2004 solo record ( released primarily through Surfdog Records and not officially counted in the current LBV catalogue system ) Latino Buggerveil appears mainly to be a conduit for archival Butthole Surfers releases as evinced by the reissue of the group's first two Alternative Tentacles releases on one CD and the rarities collection Humpty Dumpty LSD .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Northwestern University	Chicago	Although its main campus is in Evanston Illinois Northwestern University has its Chicago campus here .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Nicolas Sarkozy	France	President Nicolas Sarkozy Saturday told his Russian counterpart Dmitry Medvedev that France was prepared without delay to have talks with Iran on its nuclear drive at the UN nuclear agency the French presidency said .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Suffolk University	Massachusetts	Surveys by Suffolk University in Massachusetts suggested that front-runner Obama would pick up a win in a closely fought contest in Oregon while the former first lady appeared headed for an easy win in Kentucky .
org:founded_by(e2,e1)	Phyllis Schlafly	Eagle Forum	In the 2009 legislative session Lewis supported the positions of Phyllis Schlafly 's Eagle Forum 71 percent of the time .
org:founded_by(e1,e2)	Bigelow Aerospace	Robert Bigelow	Bigelow Aerospace was founded by Robert Bigelow in 1998 and is funded in large part by the fortune Bigelow gained through his ownership of the hotel chain Budget Suites of America .
org:members(e2,e1)	London District	Great Britain	In 1946 he was appointed to be what was then the full-time post of treasurer of the London District of the Communist Party of Great Britain .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Kuomintang	Ma Ying-jeou	A local court of first instance in Taipei announced a verdict of not guilty on Tuesday for Former Kuomintang ( KMT ) party chairman Ma Ying-jeou in the special fund case .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Broomfield Hospital	England	Broomfield Hospital is the general hospital for Chelmsford England and the surrounding areas .
no_relation	Murphy	Ireland	Hopkins told how Murphy had met a named Libyan agent in Greece paid for the weapons importation and helped unload them when they arrived in Ireland .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Cockburn	Canada	The single Wondering Where the Lions Are reached No. 21 in the United States and was important in bringing Cockburn attention outside Canada .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Kansas	Sam Brownback	Kansas 's other Republican Senator Sam Brownback announced that he is retiring due to self-imposed term limits which meant Roberts became the senior Senator from Kansas in 2011 .
org:members(e1,e2)	Conference USA	SMU Mustangs	The Conference USA Championship game featured a 17 7 win over the SMU Mustangs earning UCF its second C-USA title and earning the Knights an invite to the AutoZone Liberty Bowl .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Villanova College	Queensland	Villanova College is a private and catholic school for boys located in Coorparoo a southern suburb of Brisbane Queensland Australia .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Education	Rod Paige	Take for instance the Department of Education headed by Rod Paige the black former chief of Houston's public schools whose appointment Bush often mentions .
org:alternate_names(e2,e1)	Institute of Technology	RMIT University	RMIT's School of Mathematical and Geospatial Science is an Australian tertiary education school within the College of Science Engineering and Health at the Royal Melbourne Institute of Technology ( RMIT University ) in Melbourne Victoria .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	BMI	Bmibaby	The key trends for BMI over recent years are shown below ( figures as at year ending 31 December and include Bmibaby ) : Financial data is reported in pounds sterling and then in euros because BMI was fully consolidated into the Lufthansa group of airlines on 1 July 2009 .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Robert Zoellick	State	President George W. Bush has chosen Robert Zoellick a one-time U.S. trade representative and former No. 2 official at the State Department to lead the World Bank a senior administration official said Tuesday .
org:top_members/employees(e1,e2)	Singapore Airlines	Chew Choon Seng	Singapore Airlines ' chief executive Chew Choon Seng on Thursday said he was not afraid of boosted competition on the lucrative Singapore-Kuala Lumpur route following the end of a long-held monopoly .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	China	CNPC	The discovery of the oil field in east China 's Bohai Bay was announced by CNPC in May and is said to be the biggest oil discovery in China in the last 30 years .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	RAID	France	RAID is in charge of the protection of foreign dignitaries traveling in France .
per:spouse(e1,e2)	Hayfron	Robert Mugabe	Hayfron married Robert Mugabe in April 1961 in Salisbury.Nyarota Geoffrey .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Smith	South Africa	In the late 1980s the black majority suspended Smith from parliament for urging whites in South Africa to maintain apartheid rule .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Austria	Archduke Carl Ludwig of Austria	On 6 February 1982 in Luxembourg she married her second cousin Archduke Carl Christian of Austria ( born in 6 February 1954 ) also known as Christian th Knight of the Order of the Golden Fleece in Austria younger son of Archduke Carl Ludwig of Austria ( himself the fourth son of Emperor Charles I of Austria ) and his wife Princess Yolande of Ligne of the prominent Belgian noble family the House of Ligne .
no_relation	Bishop	Nolbert Kunonga	William introduced Harare's newly chosen Bishop Sebastian Bakare to the synod and praised him as a talented replacement for Bishop Nolbert Kunonga who had offered uncritical support for a violent and lawless administration .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	House	Kyprianou	In the parliamentary elections of 5 September 1976 the Democratic Party won 21 seats out of a total of 35 in the House of Representatives and Kyprianou was elected President of the House .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Empress Kju	of Jap	He was the father of Empress Kju n ( who in turn was the consort of the Shwa Emperor ) and therefore the maternal grandfather of the present emperor of Jap an Akihito .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	Becca	Portland	In particular she is producing Sony Music Entertainment artist Becca a pop/rock singer/songwriter from Portland Oregon .
per:cities_of_residence(e2,e1)	Toronto	Glenn Gould	Since 1993 they are given the responsibility of naming the recipient of the City of Toronto Glenn Gould Prize .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Western Australia	John Curtin	Formed in Perth Western Australia in October 1984 the John Curtin Foundation was a fundraising organisation for the Australian Labor Party which attracted the sponsorship of a powerful group of wealthy businessmen placing them in a privileged circle with direct access to both the Australian prime minister Bob Hawke and the state premier Brian Burke .
per:spouse(e2,e1)	Elizabeth Edwards	John Edwards	Elizabeth Edwards 57 has previously undergone treatment for breast cancer and John Edwards has said he chose to run for the presidency only after doctors provided assurances about her recovery .
org:members(e1,e2)	Mercury	Welles	362 Although the Mercury troupe technically dissolved either in 1941 ( when Welles and Houseman parted ) or 1942 ( when the entire Mercury unit was sacked by RKO - see below ) Welles produced and directed this morale-boosting variety show for US troops in 1943 featuring a number of Mercury actors including Joseph Cotten and Agnes Moorehead .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	All Hallows College	Drumcondra	An interim meeting convened with the assistance of the ACP took place in All Hallows College Drumcondra in May 2012 .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Unum	Chattanooga	Major corporations with headquarters in Tennessee include FedEx Corporation AutoZone Incorporated and International Paper all based in Memphis ; Pilot Corporation and Regal Entertainment Group based in Knoxville ; Eastman Chemical Company based in Kingsport the North American headquarters of Nissan based in Franklin ; and the head-quarters of Caterpillar Financial ( the finance division of the well known mining company Caterpillar ) based in Nashville ; as well as Unum based in Chattanooga .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Daniel Akaka	Hawaii	Democrats Daniel Akaka of Hawaii and Robert Menendez of New Jersey have an amendment that would create a fiduciary duty for brokers who give advice to individuals bringing the bill in line with legislation passed by the House .
per:country_of_birth(e1,e2)	He	Canada	He belonged to a tribe which Canada has signed a treaty under the Indian Act of Canada .
org:founded(e1,e2)	Activision Blizzard	2008	Kotick engineered the Activision Blizzard merge and stockholders of Activision Blizzard approved Kotick as CEO of the combined company on July 9 2008 .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Giuseppe Mazzini	Italy	He was among the main protagonists of the Italian Risorgimento and a close friend and supporter of Giuseppe Mazzini and Giuseppe Garibaldi and one of the architects of the unification of Italy in 1860 .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Grady	Morehouse School of Medicine	Grady which is staffed by doctors from the Emory University School of Medicine and Morehouse School of Medicine records almost a million outpatient visits a year and is the region's sole Level 1 trauma center .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Dalit Bahujan Shramik Union	Andhra Pradesh	He was formerly the General Secretary of the Dalit Bahujan Shramik Union a Dalit-Bahujan rights organisation in Andhra Pradesh .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Choclair	Greenhouse Music	Choclair started his own independent label Greenhouse Music in partnership with Sextant Records/EMI Music Canada .
per:title(e2,e1)	President	Faure	He became President of Togo when President Faure resigned due to pressure from the international community in February 2005 .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e2,e1)	Florida	Mike Graham	After the tour Marcus returned to Florida where he participated in a tournament to crown a new NWA Florida Heavyweight Championship losing in the final to Mike Graham .
org:top_members/employees(e2,e1)	Vincent Cheng	HSBC	Taiwan is a key component of HSBC's Greater China positioning said Vincent Cheng chairman of HSBC 's Asian unit Hongkong Shanghai Banking Corp .
per:spouse(e1,e2)	Ortega	Rosario Murillo	It's part of a vision that President Ortega and his wife Rosario Murillo have to destroy the model of representative democracy and replace it with a direct democracy said Jose Pallais a Liberal Party leader .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Ma Ying-jeou	Kuomintang	Since Ma Ying-jeou assumed the chairmanship of Kuomintang on Oct. 19 he has consolidated the power money and brains of the administration and the party .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Peterson	Ontario	In 1986 he was a prominent opponent of Peterson 's plan to ban extra billing by Ontario doctors .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	China	American International School of Guangzhou	Later APAC expanded to include other international schools in China ( American International School of Guangzhou Western Academy of Beijing Shanghai American School Pudong Concordia International School Shanghai ) Hong Kong ( Hong Kong International School ) South Korea ( Taejon Christian School ) and Vietnam ( United Nations International School of Hanoi ) .
org:members(e2,e1)	Connecticut Huskies	University of Connecticut	The Connecticut Huskies women's ice hockey program represents the University of Connecticut .
org:members(e2,e1)	Western Michigan Broncos	NCAA	The 2009 10 Western Michigan Broncos men's basketball team was a NCAA Division I college basketball team representing Western Michigan University .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Kahlo	Mexico	During this period Kahlo also witnessed violent armed struggles in the streets of Mexico City as the Mexican Revolution continued .
per:country_of_birth(e1,e2)	He	Hungary	He was born VoglhutVoglhut Family History by Imre Voglhut unpublished in 1898 to a Hungarian Jewish family in Budapest Hungary .
per:origin(e1,e2)	De Leede	Dutch	De Leede was the best Dutch bowler taking 2-40 off 10 overs .
per:title(e2,e1)	President	Pervez Musharraf	ISLAMABAD : Opposition politician and former cricketer Imran Khan said Saturday that President Pervez Musharraf has committed treason and should face the death penalty for declaring a state of emergency .
org:members(e2,e1)	England	Six Nations Championship	Golding made his debut for the England Saxons on 9 February 2008 against Italy A. After strong form in the early part of the 2009 10 season Golding was a contender to be in the senior England squad for the 2010 Six Nations Championship .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Jeff Bingaman	New Mexico	Daniel Akaka of Hawaii and Jeff Bingaman of New Mexico are a sign too of the rapidly changing membership of the aging body .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	Doris Duke	New York	In 1958 Mrs. James B. Duke and Doris Duke donated the James B. Duke House at 1 East 78th Street in New York City to the Institute .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Japan	; Yasuo Fukud	Since then Japan has had three further prime ministers ( Shinz Abe ; Yasuo Fukud a and Taro Aso ) who have come to power without there being a general election .
per:origin(e2,e1)	Chinese	Sun	According to Lee Yun-ping chairman of the Chinese historical society Sun needed a certificate to enter the United States at a time when the Chinese Exclusion Act of 1882 would have otherwise blocked him .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	United States	College of Southern Idaho	In 1980 aged 21 he moved to the United States to attend the College of Southern Idaho and he enjoyed most of his success in America .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Bhutto	Pakistan	Sherry Rehman spokeswoman for Bhutto 's Pakistan People's Party ( PPP ) said the former premier left behind a profound message of tolerance in the book which tackles Islamic extremism and Pakistan's relationship with the West .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Rutherford B. Hayes	Ohio	He was then appointed to Smith's staff and then appointed by Rutherford B. Hayes as Ohio Secretary of State .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Karolos Papoulias	Greece	Dr. Karolos Papoulias ( ; born 4 June 1929 ) has been the President of Greece since 2005 .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	WBA	Riddick Bowe	Following his victory over Bruno there were talks about a possible unification match with the WBA and IBF Heavyweight champion Evander Holyfield who had defeated Riddick Bowe in a rematch to reclaim the titles but Holyfield was unsure if he would continue boxing and chose to forgo the match .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Zhejiang University	China	Zhejiang University Medical School is one of the first modern medical school in China and the first medical school combined with teaching hospital .
per:title(e2,e1)	Minister	Joseph Korto	Minister of Education Joseph Korto had earlier last week complained about rumours that workers from the country's West African Examinations Council ( WAEC ) circulated test papers a day before the examinations started .
org:founded_by(e1,e2)	United Copper	F. Augustus Heinze	United Copper was incorporated in 1902 by F. Augustus Heinze a copper magnate who had tussled for years with Amalgamated Copper for lucrative copper mines in Butte Montana .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Mar Baselios College of Engineering and Technology	Trivandrum	Mar Baselios College of Engineering and Technology ( MBCET ) is located in Nalanchira Trivandrum Kerala India .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	John Tyndall	National Party	During the struggle between John Tyndall and John Kingsley Read for the leadership of the NF and the subsequent emergence of the National Party the RPS returned to some prominence as Tyndall heavily featured the racial theories that the RPS was publishing in his magazine Spearhead reasoning that the populists leading the NP had a reputation for being soft on the race issue amongst NF activists .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Maldives	Maumoon Abdul Gayoom	The current political crisis in the Maldives goes back to the 2009 parliamentary election when the People's Party ( DRP ) led by former president Maumoon Abdul Gayoom won a majority .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Reid	Canada	Sapiro proclaimed that a wheat pool could be organized in a few weeks though both Brownlee and Reid disagreed and returned to Canada committed to caution.Foster ( 1981 ) 97 However in their absence the Edmonton Journal and Calgary Herald had invited Sapiro to tour Alberta and his speeches stirred up extravagant expectations among UFA members for immediate action in time for the new organization to market the 1923 crop .
no_relation	RCA	1988	Released independently the album was snapped up by RCA in 1988 .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Interscope	Eminem	Em's Interscope Records publicist Dennis Dennehy told The Detroit News Tuesday Over the holidays Marshall Mathers aka Eminem was under doctors ' care at Detroit-area hospitals for complications due to pneumonia .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	fourier	France	The earliest forms of photogravure were developed in the 1830s by the original pioneers of photography itself Henry Fox Talbot in England and fourier in France .
org:members(e2,e1)	Grateful Dead	Jerry Garcia	I still dig FZ The MOI but I find myself drifting away more more from the beloved musical groups of my youth ( Brian Wilson/Beach Boys Grateful Dead Jerry Garcia Band Frank Zappa Stan Ridgway Steely Dan Sam the Sham . . etc. ) .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Canada	Stephen Harper	Canada 's Conservative Prime Minister Stephen Harper is calling a special election to fill a vacant parliamentary seat this fall .
per:country_of_birth(e2,e1)	Afghanistan	Mohammad Najibullah	He was in command of the Taliban forces when they captured Kabul and is accused of personally ordering the execution of former President of Afghanistan Mohammad Najibullah .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Washington	Continental Army	Washington was a mapmaker and map collector nearly his entire life an obsession that served him well as commander in chief of the Continental Army .
org:founded(e1,e2)	my Paper	1 June 2006	my Paper was first published on 1 June 2006 and was the first free Chinese-language newspaper in Singapore .
no_relation	Sonny Bono	Jack Nitzsche	Other notable covers previously performed by the group include The Searchers ' Needles and Pins ( written by Sonny Bono and Jack Nitzsche originally recorded by Jackie DeShannon ) Baby I Love You by The Ronettes Take It As It Comes by The Doors Surfin ' Bird by The Trashmen California Sun by The Rivieras ( originally recorded by Joe Jones ) and Bobby Freeman's Do You Wan na Dance ?
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Nick Griffin	England	Nick Griffin stands proudly in front of St George's Cross banging on about England - none of them realise he is not English .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Franklin Pierce	New Hampshire	It is the only law school in the state and was founded in 1973 by Robert H. Rines as the Franklin Pierce Law Center named after the 14th President of the United States and New Hampshire native .
org:members(e2,e1)	Bermuda Hogges	USL Second Division	Blenn Bean ( born February 13 1977 ) is a Bermudian soccer player who currently plays for Bermuda Hogges in the USL Second Division .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Treasury	George M. Bibb	The legendary Bibb was named for U.S. Secretary of the Treasury ( July 4 1844 March 7 1845 ) George M. Bibb .
no_relation	Nederland	Nederland 3	The NPO planned to launch their permanent HD service with HD versions of their three channels Nederland 1 Nederland 2 and Nederland 3 .
org:founded(e1,e2)	Sabertooth Games	2001	Sabertooth Games ( STG ) is a now defunct Memphis Tennessee based game company founded in 2001 .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	COC	Pepper Keenan	Music by COC Lyrics by Pepper Keenan except where noted .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Republican	Rod Grams	Though certainly an underdog in her 1994 attempt for the U.S. Senate she ran an aggressive campaign in the Republican primary against Congressman Rod Grams comparing Grams a former news reporter to bumbling fictional TV anchor Ted Baxter from the Minnesota-based TV program The Mary Tyler Moore Show .
per:title(e2,e1)	Prime Minister	Paul Martin	The Twenty-Seventh Canadian Ministry was the cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Paul Martin .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e2,e1)	Oregon	Douglas McKay	In politics notable alumni include former Governor of Idaho and United States Secretary of the Interior Cecil D. Andrus ; former Governor of Oregon and U.S. Secretary of the Interior Douglas McKay ; former Governor of Oregon John Hubert Hall ; U.S. Ambassador to Burundi and Ghana Mary Carlin Yates ; former U.S. Representatives Rod Chandler Julia Butler Hansen Norris Poulson Lowell Stockman and Jolene Unsoeld ; and former U.S. Senators Frederick Steiwer and John Ensign .
per:alternate_names(e1,e2)	Listener	Dan Smith	Ozark Empire is the second studio album by Listener ( Dan Smith ) .
org:alternate_names(e2,e1)	University of California	UCSF	Hale earned her Ph.D. in pharmaceutical chemistry from the University of California San Francisco ( UCSF ) .
org:city_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Ottawa	Canadian Union of Public Employees	He later moved to Ottawa and worked first for the Public Service Alliance of Canada ( Ottawa Citizen 24 September 2003 ) and later for the Canadian Union of Public Employees .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Sudan	Omar al-Bashir	The 13th African Union ( AU ) summit wrapped up here Friday after the AU leaders approved a resolution to end cooperation with the International Criminal Court ( ICC ) over extraditing Sudan 's President Omar al-Bashir .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	Gibson Guitar Corporation	Wurlitzer	The company now a subsidiary of Gibson Guitar Corporation has manufactured instruments under the Baldwin Chickering Wurlitzer Hamilton and Howard names .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Saint-Lambert	Quebec	The campus is located in the city of Saint-Lambert Quebec Canada on Montreal's south shore .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Mitch McConnell	Kentucky	I congratulate President-elect Obama and will work with him on behalf of the American people said Senate Republican minority leader Mitch McConnell who narrowly survived a Democratic challenge in his state of Kentucky .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Canadian Alliance	Stockwell Day	Because of these concerns politicians have sometimes tried to avoid the scrum in favour of more formal venues.Ryerson Review of Journalism : The 140-Year War Canadian Alliance leader Stockwell Day declined to scrum instead holding a daily press conference .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Island	Pete Shelley	Lauder was briefly with Island Records signing U2 in March 1980 and offering Buzzcocks frontman Pete Shelley a solo record deal .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Navy	Donald C. Winter	Subsequent Navy promotion boards continued to select Lippold for Captain and in all cases the selection was subsequently struck down by the U.S. Senate and Secretary of the Navy Donald C. Winter .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	he	New York Botanical Garden	In 1943 while still working on his doctorate he was offered a position at the New York Botanical Garden to work on Asteraceae for The New Britton Brown Illustrated Flora then in preparation by Henry Gleason .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Japan Self-Defense Forces	Japan	The largest of the three services of the Japan Self-Defense Forces the Japan Ground Self-Defense Force is tasked with maintaining internal security in Japan and operates under the command of the chief of the ground staff based in the city of Ichigaya Tokyo .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Essex Kent Scottish Regiment	Windsor	Even into retirement Tilston was active throughout York County where a number of honours and memorials bear his name : A joint training facility for the Essex Kent Scottish Regiment and the Windsor Police Service at 4007 Sandwich Street Windsor Ontario is a first-of-its-kind in Canada partnership with the federal government Department of National Defense ( DND ) .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Deborah Cox	Canada	Artists such as Deborah Cox Glenn Lewis and Melanie Fiona have achieved mainstream success outside of Canada .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	War	Patrick J. Hurley	He introduced the native Oklahoman Secretary of War Patrick J. Hurley who had intended to attend the unveiling in person before his visit was curtailed by illness and so spoke from his home .
no_relation	Republican Party	CEO Commission	SMOM Knight of Malta Republican Party chairman American Gaming Association president and CEO Commission on Presidential Debates founder and co-chairman National Endowment for Democracy founder vice chairman and a board member International Republican Institute founder and board member Pacific Democrat Union chairman International Democrat Union vice chairman .
org:founded(e1,e2)	Mar Athanasius College of Engineering	1961	The education history of Kothamangalam is very closely related to the history of Mar Athanasius College of Arts ( MA college ) Mar Athanasius College of Engineering ( MACE ) Mar Basil School St. George School Mar Athanasius English Medium School St. Augustine Girls High School and Yeldo Mar Baselios College St. George Higher Secondary School and Mar Basil Higher Secondary School are very famous in sports and games besides academic performance.Green Valley Public School Vimalagiri Public School Shobhana Higher Secondary School and Mar Athanasius International Highschool are the major Schools providing Secondary Education besides the Government Upper Primary School in Kothamangalam.Mar Athanasius College of Engineering is one of the leading engineering colleges in Kerala State established in 1961 .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Tupper	Nova Scotia	Tupper headed the Nova Scotia delegation to the Quebec Conference .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Yitzhak Rabin	Israel	Israeli prison officials have punished Yitzhak Rabin 's assassin for giving his first interviews to the media since his 1995 murder of Israel 's prime minister .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	Air Canada Centre	Maple Leaf Sports Entertainment	In 1998 he was an active force in the acquisition of the Toronto Raptors basketball team and the Air Canada Centre which with the Toronto Maple Leafs formed Maple Leaf Sports Entertainment Limited .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Kaupthing Bank	Iceland	This reflected the fact that the value of the three big banks ( Glitnir Kaupthing Bank and Landsbanki ) which formed 73.2 percent of the value of the OMX Iceland 15 had been set to zero .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Chen Shui-bian	DPP	President Chen Shui-bian who doubles as chairman of the ruling Democratic Progressive Party ( DPP ) took stump for DPP legislative candidates in Kaohsiung City Saturday .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	UCSF	San Francisco	The UCSF Osher Center for Integrative Medicine is part of the University of California San Francisco .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Pratt	Brisbane Lions	Pratt was rookie-listed for 2003 by the Brisbane Lions and spent the year with Northern Eagles .
org:alternate_names(e1,e2)	Ryanair	Holdings PLC	The move brings BA closer to low-cost carriers like Ryanair Holdings PLC and easyJet PLC which charge passengers to buy food on board .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Yanukovych	Party of Regions	These came into effect in 2006 during which Yanukovych 's Party of Regions won the parliamentary election creating a coalition government with the Socialists and the Communists under his leadership .
org:members(e2,e1)	157th Air Refueling Wing	Air National Guard	It is part of the Total Force Initiative and will work side by side with the 157th Air Refueling Wing New Hampshire Air National Guard .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Kuomintang	his	Shortly after the indictment he submitted his resignation as chairman of the Kuomintang at the same press conference at which he formally announced his candidacy for President .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	Turner Broadcasting	Cartoon Network	But inside Turner Broadcasting the issue of the moment is whether the movie will be a better performer than Cartoon Network 's only other foray into the film business 2002's The Powerpuff Girls .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	He	South Carolina	He spent the last years of his life in South Carolina and at his summer home in Maine .
per:cities_of_residence(e2,e1)	Stratford	Dayna Manning	Notable musicians with a local connection include Loreena McKennitt ( who now makes Stratford her home ) Richard Manuel of The Band Dayna Manning Graham Van Pelt of Miracle Fortress Darren Dumas of The Salads John Till who backed Janis Joplin and Ken Kalmusky who played with Ian Sylvia's Great Speckled Bird .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	he	Slovakia	In 1968 he joined the Communist Party of Slovakia supposedly to support Alexander Dub?ek's reforms but he was expelled from the party after the Warsaw Pact invasion in Czechoslovakia in August 1968 ( see History of Czechoslovakia ) .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	TVNZ 6	TVNZ	The show was aired on the Television New Zealand channel On 1 July 2009 the two Freeview-only channels ( TVNZ 6 and TVNZ 7 ) were made available for viewing on SKY TV .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Algeria	Ahmed Ouyahia	The security situation in Algeria has been persistently stable and its national reconciliation is being steadily realized Prime Minister Ahmed Ouyahia said on Sunday .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Gorbachev	Communist Party	Gorbachev was the last general secretary of the Communist Party and is generally unpopular in Russia as he is associated with a period of political upheaval and economic collapse .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Kenya	Mwai Kibaki	More than people died in Kenya 's 2007-08 postelection violence after President Mwai Kibaki was declared the winner .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	her	California	I believe her life story and vision for reforming California 's criminal justice system resonates with not only Hollywood but also with Californians from all walks of life .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	Insel Air	group	Willemstad is served by Hato International Airport which is the home base of Dutch Antilles Express and Insel Air group 's airlines .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	SportsNet New York	New York Mets	Also Buffalo Bisons games are sometimes aired on SportsNet New York which is co-owned by Time Warner Cable and the New York Mets ( as well as Comcast ) .
org:alternate_names(e2,e1)	Vertical Bore fMRI Magnet System	company	2001 Relocated to The Magnet Technology Centre Yarnton UK Demonstration of the World's first 7.0 tesla 600 mm Vertical Bore fMRI Magnet System 2002 Installation of the company 's 500th NMR/MRI Magnet System .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Texas AgriLife Extension Service	Texas	Nationally Texas Farm Bureau is affiliated with the American Farm Bureau Federation a network of more than 6 million members across all 50 states.American Farm Bureau Federation website The roots of the organization reach back into the early 1920s when a group formed to support county Texas AgriLife Extension Service agents and market agricultural products for Texas farmers and ranchers .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Woodford County High School	Versailles	Kramer attended Woodford County High School in Versailles where he was a standout soccer player as a goalkeeper .
per:origin(e2,e1)	Portuguese	Catherine of Braganza	The island of Bombay which was a Portuguese possession became a part of the dowry of the Portuguese princess Infanta Catherine of Braganza on her marriage to Charles II of England under the Anglo Portuguese treaty of June 1661 .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	Vega	Boston	In 1909 Vega purchased the Standard Band Instrument Company of Boston incorporating their line of horns .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Energy	Samuel Bodman	Only last week Energy Secretary Samuel Bodman cited the importance of the GNEP program .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Ehud Barak	Israel	Brown is scheduled to meet his Israeli counterpart Ehud Olmert President Shimon Peres Foreign Minister Tzipi Livni and Defense Minister Ehud Barak according to a statement released from Israel Government Press Office .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Agriculture	Dan Glickman	He later worked in the executive branch during the Bill Clinton and George W. Bush administrations where he became the deputy chief of staff to U.S. Secretary of Agriculture Dan Glickman and served as a liaison to the U.S. Department of Agriculture .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Richard Nixon	United States	On February 19 1970 Turrentine was nominated by President Richard Nixon to a seat on the United States District Court for the Southern District of California vacated by Fred Kunzel .
per:spouse(e2,e1)	Charles	Henrietta Maria of France	Anne of England ( 17 March 1637 8 December 1640 ) was the daughter of King Charles I and his [ wife Henrietta Maria of France .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	he	Salem	From 1909 to 1911 he served as president of the Salem Board of Trade and in 1909 helped to organize the Salem Fruit Union an agricultural association .
org:founded_by(e1,e2)	Turner Broadcasting System	Ted Turner	The transaction is rooted in 1987 when Turner Broadcasting System was saddled with debt because of Ted Turner 's purchase of MGM Entertainment .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	His	o Slovaki	His father Vladimir emigrated t o Slovaki a from Croatia at the end of World War I and was a teacher at a ( secondary school ) in Bratislava and at one point its Headmaster .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	G-Unit	Young Buck	It features guest appearances by mainly G-Unit artists 50 Cent Lloyd Banks Tony Yayo Young Buck and Nyce as well as Mary J. Blige and Nate Dogg .
org:alternate_names(e1,e2)	Government Accountability Office	GAO	The Troubled Asset Relief Program ( TARP ) which has poured billions of dollars into financial institutions and through its capital purchase program ( CPP ) needs improvement the US Government Accountability Office ( GAO ) said .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	James Vincent	New York	James Vincent Ganly ( September 13 1878 - September 7 1923 ) was a U.S. Representative from New York .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Russian	Gazprom	The standoff between Russia and Ukraine over gas debts is critical but Moscow will fulfill its obligations for gas deliveries to Europe Russian energy giant Gazprom said Tuesday .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Statik Selektah	Massachusetts	Statik Selektah of Exeter is closely associated with hip-hop artist Termanology of Lawrence Massachusetts and the two have formed a group called 1982 .
org:founded_by(e2,e1)	Pat Robertson	Regent University	Pat Robertson 's Regent University in Virginia Beach once boasted on its website that scores of its graduates worked at the Bush White House .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Kuomintang	Ma Ying-jeou	Opposition Kuomintang ( KMT ) presidential candidate Ma Ying-jeou canceled his plan to campaign in two strongholds of the rival Democratic Progressive Party ( DPP ) in Taipei County Friday .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e2,e1)	French Polynesia	Gaston Tong Sang	An indirect presidential election was held in French Polynesia on Tuesday 24 November 2009 after the opposition led by Gaston Tong Sang won a vote of no confidence against the government of incumbent French Polynesia President Oscar Temaru .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Albert College	Belleville	The Episcopal Methodists established Albert College at Belleville Ontario in 1866 .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Benjamin Harrison	Indiana	The Arthur Jordan Foundation currently leases the house to the 1966-incorporated Benjamin Harrison Foundation in order for the latter to run a museum inside the house.President Benjamin Harrison Home Indianapolis Indiana The Italianate Benjamin Harrison House was built at 1230 Delaware Street from 1874 to 1875 using the plans of architect Herman T. Brandt .
per:title(e2,e1)	Exchequer	Gordon Brown	Funding for the new service was announced by then UK Chancellor of the Exchequer Gordon Brown in a speech in October 2006 .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Queensland	University of Queensland	The study conducted at the Queensland Brain Institute at the University of Queensland in Australia asked more than young adults aged around 20 years about their cannabis use and assessed them for psychoses delusional behavior and to see if they had hallucinations .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Langara College	Canada	He works as a counselor at Langara College in Vancouver British Columbia Canada .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	Parachute Training School	HMAS Albatross	No. 84 Wing's primary purpose was to support Australian Army operations and exercises as well as the Parachute Training School at HMAS Albatross in Nowra New South Wales .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Liberty University	Virginia	The Liberty Lady Flames basketball team is the women's basketball team that represents Liberty University in Lynchburg Virginia .
per:title(e2,e1)	King	Henry II of England	He was a clerk of King Henry probably Henry II of England .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Philippines	University of the Philippines	Miss Philippines Earth 2006 the 6th edition of Miss Philippines Earth beauty pageant was held on May 14th 2006 at the University of the Philippines Theater in Quezon City Philippines .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	He	Leningrad	He studied sculpture at the secondary school of Arts at the I.Repin Art Institute ( Leningrad ) then at the Tallinn Art Institute ( Estonia ) and from 1953 to 1957 at the I.Repin institute of Painting Sculpture and Architecture .
per:country_of_birth(e2,e1)	Colombia	Gomez Gallo	On October 10 2007 units of the Attorney General of Colombia arrested Gomez Gallo in Bogota after the President of the Penal Chamber of the Supreme Court of Colombia issued an arrest warrant against him .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Maldives	Maumoon Abdul Gayoom	After the multi-party system started functioning in the Maldives Mahir became a supporter of Maldivian Democratic Party and is an outspoken critic of President Maumoon Abdul Gayoom .
per:title(e2,e1)	Actress	Meena	The second Filmfare nomination as Best Actress came to Shivdasani for the role of Meena in Yash Chopra directorial saga Waqt ( 1965 ) .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	USA	Ryan Miller	Yet USA comes in with the tournament's best goalie in Ryan Miller the top scorer in Brian Rafalski and a lot more rest .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Lebanon	Lebanese Armed Forces	Hale said Russia's announcement on Wednesday was a signal of strong international support for Lebanon for its institutions for the Lebanese Armed Forces .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	NJ	St. Joseph High School	. . See all stories on this topic Field hockey : Wildcats clinch third straight conference title Press of Atlantic City - Atlantic City NJ USA The unbeaten St. Joseph High School field hockey team beat host Holy Spirit 2-0 Thursday and clinched its third straight Cape-Atlantic League National . . See all stories on this topic Is your life a refreshing fragrance ?
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	TUP	Manila	The TUP System is composed of four campuses located in Manila Cavite Taguig and Visayas .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Prime Minister	Yoshir Mor	In March 2000 he became Special Advisor to the Prime Minister serving under Obuchi and his successor Yoshir Mor i .
org:top_members/employees(e2,e1)	Grondona	South African Airways	Grondona said the commercial flight four months ago on South African Airways was open to anyone .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Redding	Volt	It was included on Redding 's debut album Pain in My Heart which was released on January 1 1964 by Stax on the Volt sister label .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	Virginia Military Institute	US Army	His older brother William Otway Owen Jr. ( 1854 1924 ) meanwhile attended the Virginia Military Institute and the University of Virginia and went on to a medical career with the US Army eventually retiring with the rank of Colonel .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Jean-Jacques Bertrand	Quebec	Born Gabrielle Giroux in Sweetsburg Quebec the daughter of Louis-Arthur Giroux and Juliette Bolduc she married Jean-Jacques Bertrand in 1944 the future Union Nationale Premier of Quebec from 1968 to 1970 .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Frida Kahlo	Mexico	She was a key figure ( along with Tina Modotti Frida Kahlo Diego Rivera and her husband Manuel Bravo ) in Mexico 's post-revolution renaissance .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Navy	Donald C. Winter	In the farm-based communities around the site the talk is of economic devastation if the plan is approved by Navy Secretary Donald C. Winter .
org:alternate_names(e2,e1)	British Midland Airways	bmi	The company also said revenue rose by more than 30 percent to ( EURO ) 6.9 billion from ( EURO ) 5.2 billion as sales increased and subsidiaries Austrian Airlines and British Midland Airways or bmi were for the first time fully consolidated in Lufthansa's earnings report .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Indiana Hoosiers	Bloomington	Almuhana is also a full-fledged member of Indiana Hoosiers Swimming and Diving Team an international business student at the Indiana University in Bloomington Indiana and a graduate of King Faisal School in his hometown Riyadh .
org:founded(e1,e2)	University of Montenegro	1974	After World War II more universities were established including University of Novi Sad ( 1960 ) University of ( 1965 ) University of Pristina ( 1969 ) University of Montenegro ( 1974 ) and University of Kragujevac ( 1976 ) .
no_relation	She	Island	She 'd assist biweekly than chair with Russell's developing Island .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Anaheim	Eden Espinosa	On September 27 2008 she headlined Anaheim California's the Chance Theater with fellow Wicked alum Eden Espinosa and with Spring Awakening alum Lea Michele for the Broadway Chance Style Up Close and Personal concert .
per:alternate_names(e2,e1)	Sir Winston Leonard Spencer-Churchill	Winston Churchill	While the school was named after the British Prime Minister during the Second World War Sir Winston Leonard Spencer-Churchill the school's name does not have a Sir ; it is simply Winston Churchill C.I .
org:alternate_names(e2,e1)	University of Missouri	Columbia Regional Hospital	The University of Missouri Women's and Children's Hospital ( formerly Columbia Regional Hospital ) is the only hospital in Missouri exclusively dedicated to the health of women and children .
per:alternate_names(e1,e2)	she	Erica Wright	This is my museum Badu 37 said of one-bedroom in Fort Greene where she has lived on and off since coming to New York demo tape in hand 11 years ago from her native Dallas where she was Erica Wright .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Frost	California	Up until the release of Hispanic Causing Panic Kid Frost was only known around the Southwestern United States and California ( in particular Los Angeles ) for performing at car shows sponsored by Lowrider Magazine .
no_relation	12 April 2001	Haroon	This student body consists of President Faheem Iqbal Chaudhry Vice President and General Secretary along with nine clubs ' ( mentioned below ) Coordinators and vice coordinators : NUCES-ACM Student Chapter was established on 12 April 2001 by Junaid Haroon Siddiqui and Agha Adeel Saadat .
org:founded_by(e1,e2)	New England Review	Middlebury College	The New England Review ( NER ) is a quarterly literary journal published by Middlebury College .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	University	Sweden	The Swedish University of Agricultural Sciences or Sveriges Lantbruksuniversitet is a university in Sweden .
per:country_of_birth(e1,e2)	He	Belgium	He was born on 23 February 1968 in the town of Mol Belgium .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Antonio Saca	El Salvador	The ceremony marking the start of the expansion was attended by presidents Daniel Ortega of Nicaragua ; Elias Antonio Saca of El Salvador ; Manuel Zelaya of Honduras ; former U.S. President Jimmy Carter and Organization of American States Secretary General Jose Miguel Insulza .
no_relation	1971	Eleni Ouranis Prize	Dimoula has been awarded the Greek State Prize twice ( 1971 1988 ) as well as the Kostas and Eleni Ouranis Prize ( 1994 ) and the of the Academy of Athens ( 2001 ) .
no_relation	Austrian	Egon Schiele	Starting in the 1950s Leopold an ophthalmologist by training amassed a collection of more than pieces focusing on work by Austrian artists like Egon Schiele Gustav Klimt and Oskar Kokoschka .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Debbie Riddle	Representatives	Debbie Riddle ( born October 15 1949 ) is a horse breeder and Republican member of the Texas House of Representatives serving House District 150 which comprises much of northwest Harris County .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Interior	Dirk Kempthorne	Then US Secretary of the Interior Dirk Kempthorne will issue a final decision .
no_relation	organization	January	Correa who has signaled his intention to return to active membership in the organization since taking office in January will formalize Ecuador's return to the oil cartel in Saudi Arabia said the officials .
per:title(e2,e1)	State	Robert Zoellick	This was why former U.S. Deputy Secretary of State Robert Zoellick used the term stakeholder to describe the U.S.-China relation he added .
org:top_members/employees(e1,e2)	AccuWeather	Joel N. Myers	AccuWeather president Joel N. Myers stated in February 2013 : The Weather Channel has confused media spin with science and public safety .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Roberto	WarCry	Roberto ( born August 13 1972 in Oviedo Spain ) is the bassist for the power metal band WarCry also known for his work on Avalanch .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Aberystwyth University	Aberystwyth	By 1988 the CPA archive had grown into a substantial body of material which needed a more permanent and larger location and its holdings were offered and accepted by Aberystwyth University Ceramic Archive based at the School of Art Aberystwyth .
per:country_of_birth(e1,e2)	Schell	Austria	Schell was born in Vienna Austria the son of Margarethe ( Noe von Nordberg ) an actress who ran an acting school and Hermann Ferdinand Schell a Swiss poet novelist playwright and owner of a pharmacy .
per:country_of_birth(e1,e2)	Radha Mitchell	Australia	You can bet ya bottom dollar that a few will go direct-to-DVD ( I 'm looking at you Crush ) but thankfully there are quite a few promising titles from high profile directors such as Sarah Watt Fred Schepisi Ana Kokkinos Scott Hicks Bruce Beresford and Adam Elliot while notable Australian performers like Eric Bana Radha Mitchell Anthony LaPaglia Geoffrey Rush Miranda Otto and Melissa George have all returned to Australia to make Aussie films .
org:city_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Daytona Beach	International Speedway Corporation	The Grand American Road Racing Association was established in 1999 and is located in Daytona Beach Florida near the homes of NASCAR International Speedway Corporation ( ISC ) and Daytona International Speedway .
org:top_members/employees(e1,e2)	Toshiba	Atsutoshi Nishida	We concluded that a swift decision would be best Toshiba President Atsutoshi Nishida told reporters at his company's Tokyo office .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	He	Hawaii	He earned a bachelor's degree in sociology from the University of Hawaii in 1954 then joined the Air Force and graduated from flight school as a fighter pilot .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Marymount Academy	Quebec	Marymount Academy ( commonly referred to as Marymount ) is a public secondary school in Montreal Quebec Canada .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Purdue University Calumet	Hammond	In mid-2010 he installed his first public sculpture commission Reaching For The Stars at Purdue University Calumet in Hammond Indiana .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	IRIN	United Nations	This item comes to you via IRIN a UN humanitarian news and information service but may not necessarily reflect the views of the United Nations or its agencies .
no_relation	Bachardy	governor	Bachardy 's moodiness is a running theme of this diary along with his career vagaries ( which include a 1967 assignment to draw Nancy Reagan's portrait in her home during which Bachardy overheard the Great Communicator then California's governor tell a story using ( the n-word ) .
per:title(e2,e1)	Prime Minister	Paul Martin	Many politicians quickly sent the Legion flags ; Prime Minister Paul Martin sent a flag that had flown atop the Peace Tower and Opposition leader Stephen Harper personally delivered a dozen flags .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Kenya	Jomo Kenyatta	Following Kenya 's independence in 1963 the first Prime Minister and later first President of Kenya Jomo Kenyatta adopted Harambee as a concept of pulling the country together to build a new nation .
org:founded(e2,e1)	1908	university	On 4 March 1908 when the Transvaal University College ( TUC ) transferred its arts and science courses to its newly established Pretoria Campus the precursor to the university was established initially offering courses in languages sciences and law .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Lisa Gerrard	Australia	On 10 April 2012 Burning Man won Best Music Score for Lisa Gerrard and Best Editing for Martin Connor at the 2011 Film Critics Circle of Australia .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Gosford High School	Gosford	Gosford High School ( abbreviation GHS ) is a public co-educational academically selective high school located in Gosford New South Wales Australia with 1080 students from Year 7 to Year 12 .
org:founded_by(e1,e2)	Australian Secret Intelligence Service	Australia	Alfred Deakin Brookes ( 11 April 1920 19 June 2005 ) was the first head of the Australian Secret Intelligence Service the intelligence agency of the Australian government that collects foreign intelligence.Parliament of Australia Bills Digest No. 11 of 2001-02 of Intelligence Services Act 2001 .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Kuomintang	Ma Ying-jeou	Taiwan's main opposition party the Kuomintang ( KMT ) said Wednesday the resignation of Ma Ying-jeou from the post of KMT chairman has taken effect .
per:country_of_birth(e1,e2)	Mitr Chaibancha	934 in Ph	Mitr Chaibancha ( Thai ( Pronunciation ) January 28 1 934 in Ph etchaburi Thailand - October 8 1970 ) was a Thai film actor who made 266 films from 1956 to 1970 .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Vietnam	Ho Chi Minh	Vietnam 's Ho Chi Minh City to encounter biggest flood tide in 48 years .
no_relation	Jacobson	Chicago	In May 1983 Jacobson famously criticized Chicago 's mayor at the time Harold Washington alleging that Washington used city workers to paint and redecorate his apartment .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	Oklahoma State Cowboys	Oklahoma State University	The 2002 Oklahoma State Cowboys football team represented the Oklahoma State University in the 2002 NCAA Division I-A football season .
no_relation	Handley Page	Cricklewood	By chance he read an account of Frederick Handley Page 's public demonstration of leading-edge slots given at Cricklewood on 21 October 1921 .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	de San	Argentina	The partido ( district ) and its capital are named in honor of General de San ( 1778-1850 ) who led Argentina against the Spanish Empire in the Argentine War of Independence .
per:cities_of_residence(e2,e1)	Chicago	Art Hodes	After 1945 he led his own band at the Victory Club on Clark Street in Chicago and gigged with Chippie Hill ( 1946 ) Kid Ory ( 1948 ) and Art Hodes ( 1950-51 ) .
per:origin(e1,e2)	his	Philippines	On the day he sailed he issued this statement to the press : To the chagrin of the American colonial officials however Mabini resumed his patriotic work of agitating for independence for the Philippines soon after he was back home from exile .
org:top_members/employees(e2,e1)	John Fox	Australian water polo	John Fox ( born 16 February 1963 ) is an Australian water polo player who competed in the 1988 Summer Olympics and in the 1992 Summer Olympics .
no_relation	he	Toronto	To that end he studied English literature with a major in modern poetry at the University of Toronto .
per:origin(e1,e2)	Isaias Afewerki	Eritrean	The US-based Committee to Protect Journalists stated that she had been arrested for reporting an alleged statement by President Isaias Afewerki that Eritrean soldiers were fighting together with Sudanese rebel groups .
per:alternate_names(e2,e1)	Ptolemy	her	Ptolemy XIII and Pothinus managed to force Cleopatra to flee to Syria but she soon organized her own army and a civil war began in Egypt .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Its	England	Its corporate headquarters are located south of Melksham in Wiltshire England at the modern Hampton Park West development .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Sykes	England	Sykes soon settled back to life in the capital and representative honours were gained with an appearance for England A against New Zealand in October followed by a place on the successful A team tour to Fiji and Tonga .
no_relation	Ho Chi Minh	Vietnam	Ngo Hong Chuyen the honorable Consul General of Czech embassy in Ho Chi Minh City of Vietnam said that the friendship relations between Vietnam and Czech have been further developed .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Hans Zimmer	Remote Control Productions	He works in Santa Monica in Hans Zimmer 's film music studio Remote Control Productions ( formerly Media Ventures ) .
org:members(e2,e1)	Florida State Seminoles	Division I	The 2009 10 Florida State Seminoles men's basketball team represented Florida State University in the 2009 2010 NCAA Division I basketball season .
org:alternate_names(e1,e2)	Norwegian Confederation of Trade Unions	LO	Norwegian Confederation of Trade Unions ( LO ) was founded in 1899 and has had the following leaders : Under World War II LO was usurped by the Nazis all other activity was illegal .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	He	Cairo	He started at an early age in the world of music working with his father who working in Cairo and surrounding villages with artists such as Mohamed Roshdy Karem Mahmoud Moharram Fouad and Mohamed Kandeel .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Bow Wow	So So Def	Talks with Def Jam Recordings for a new deal stalled and in 1996 the group was signed by Jermaine Dupri ( mentor-producer of Kris Kross and Li'l Bow Wow ) to his then Columbia Records distributed So So Def Recordings imprint .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Italy	Luchino Visconti	After being discovered by Italian filmmaker Dino Risi for Vacanze col Gangster ( Holiday with the Gangster 1951 ) at an early age of 12 he had after 27 movies in Italy ( including Gli sbandati ) a major film role in Luchino Visconti 's The Leopard ( Il Gattopardo 1963 ) .
org:founded(e1,e2)	MedicAlert	1956	The MedicAlert Foundation is a non-profit company founded in 1956 and headquartered in Turlock California .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Brown	Democratic	= = = Elections = = = In 1992 Brown moved from Mansfield to Lorain Ohio and won a heavily contested Democratic primary for the open seat for Ohio's 13th district located in the western and southern suburbs of Cleveland after eight-term incumbent Don Pease announced his retirement .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Claudia	Island	Claudia formed the duo Act with Thomas Leer in 1988 and in 1991 she released a solo album ( Love : And a Million Other Things ) for Island Records .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Papua New Guinea	Michael Somare	Papua New Guinea 's Prime Minister Grand Chief Sir Michael Somare said that the meeting would go down in history as the world's most vulnerable were able to make their voices heard on climate change .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Russia	Aeroflot	Russia 's leading airline Aeroflot reported Tuesday that its first half net profit rose 24 percent from a year earlier to 17.5 million dollars reflecting cost savings and improved efficiency .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Canada	Stephen Harper	Canada 's Prime Minister Stephen Harper on Thursday blamed current US financial woes and its worldwide fallout on irresponsible policies .
per:spouse(e2,e1)	James	Margaret of Denmark	James III of Scotland married one of his descendants Margaret of Denmark introducing Sweyn's bloodline into the Scottish royal blood line and when James VI of Scotland inherited the English throne in 1603 the English royal bloodline as well .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	AccessAir	Iowa	AccessAir provided service to cities such as Los Angeles and New York City from its hub in Des Moines Iowa from 1998 to 2001 .
org:alternate_names(e1,e2)	Welcomgroup Graduate School of Hotel Administration	WGSHA	Chef Vikas completed his graduation from Welcomgroup Graduate School of Hotel Administration also known as WGSHA Manipal.He has also studied at Cornell University Culinary Institute of America and New York University .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Rafferty	Australia	There was a positive relationship between the Indigenous Arrente people and the cast and crew particularly Rafferty involved in the location filming for Bitter Springs in the area of Quorn in northern South Australia .
no_relation	David Peterson	United States	Baird has also indicated that he was charged with trespassing during the 1988 federal election after he tried to question Ontario Premier David Peterson about free trade with the United States during a Liberal Party campaign stop in a Kingston shopping mall .
org:alternate_names(e1,e2)	Hanover College	Hanover	He graduated from Hanover College in 1835 and from Hanover 's theological department in 1838 .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Georgia	Georgia Department of Transportation	For example in Georgia the Georgia Department of Transportation ( GDOT ) constructs and maintains its 9 welcome centers while in Tennessee the Tennessee Department of Tourist Development constructs and maintains Tennessee's 14 welcome centers .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Abubakar Tafawa Balewa	Nigeria	However Bello chose to remain as premier of the North and as party boss of the NPC selected Sir Abubakar Tafawa Balewa a Hausa to become Nigeria 's first Prime Minister .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Rafael Correa	Ecuador	Larrea's statement came after Ecuadorian President Rafael Correa launched the Ecuador Without Weapons program following six deaths this year of minors in gun fights in coastal Ecuadorean city Guayaquil .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Jumeirah	United Arab Emirates	Fortune Araames is an approved 45-floor tower to be built in the Jumeirah Lake Towers Free Zone in Dubai United Arab Emirates .
org:alternate_names(e2,e1)	Rothesay	Rothesay Netherwood School	He renamed the school Rothesay College for Boys and eventually found a patron in the prominent local citizen James F. Robertson who established the school as Rothesay Collegiate School later to become Rothesay Netherwood School .
org:alternate_names(e1,e2)	Allied Irish Bank	AIB	It is sponsored by Allied Irish Bank and therefore officially known as the AIB Munster GAA Football Intermediate Club Championship .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Luxembourg	Jean-Claude Juncker	A member of the Luxembourg Socialist Workers ' Party he served in consecutive cabinets under Jacques Santer and Jean-Claude Juncker from 1989 until 1999 holding positions including Minister of Health ( 1998 1999 ) and Trade Minister .
org:alternate_names(e2,e1)	Loja	Universidad Particular de Loja	On behalf of the Technical University of Loja ( Universidad Particular de Loja ) he composed the work for Viola String and Flute Orchestra on poetry contest of poet Fernando Rielo in Quito December 2008 .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Air Burkina	Ouagadougou	Air Burkina has its head office in the Air Burkina Storey Building ( ) in Ouagadougou .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Singapore	Lee Kuan Yew	Li Yuanchao a member of the Political Bureau of the Communist Party of China ( CPC ) Central Committee met Friday with Singapore 's Minister Mentor Lee Kuan Yew in Shanghai .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Golden Circle	Australia	Golden Circle takes up over a kilometre of length ( 16.5 Hectares of land ) with its factories processing all the Golden Circle foods which are found in stores all around Australia .
no_relation	Istithmar World	Dubai	According to The National despite the shutdown of its executive jets management business Istithmar World Aviation still has other investments including stakes in Dubai Aerospace Enterprise an aviation investment firm whose holdings include aviation engineering and maintenance firms in the United States and Daallo Airlines a carrier based in Dubai .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Russia	Maria Butyrskaya	At the World Championships Kwan stepped out of her triple lutz combination and placed 4th in the Short Program portion of the competition behind Lipinski France's Vanessa Gusmeroli and Russia 's Maria Butyrskaya .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Washington	Continental Army	Ethan Saunders is a disgraced ex-spy for Washington 's Continental Army down on his luck and on the sauce in Philadelphia when he receives a plea for help from his onetime fiancee Cynthia Pearson .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	United States	20th Special Forces Group	gif | 11th Special Forces Group ( United States ) Image :12 SFG beret flash.svg | 12th Special Forces Group ( United States ) IMage :19 sfg.svg | 19th Special Forces Group ( United States ) Image :20 sfg.svg | 20th Special Forces Group ( United States ) Image :75 thrangerflash.gif | 75th Ranger Regiment ( United States ) Image :160 thflash .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Ohio	Robert Taft	Ohio historian ( and Cleveland Plain Dealer columnist ) Thomas Suddes also pointed to the May 1952 Ohio primary when the GOP at - large delegates were all pledged to Ohio Sen. Robert Taft .
per:alternate_names(e2,e1)	Henry	Henry V of England	Soon afterwards the castle receives an unexpected visit from a party including Harry Hotspur and the young Prince of Wales Henry of Monmouth ( the future King Henry V of England ) .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Massachusetts	Harvard Medical School	Whitehead Institute for Biomedical Research 9 Cambridge Center Cambridge Massachusetts 02142 USA Center for Regenerative Medicine and Technology Massachusetts General Hospital Boston Massachusetts 02114 USA Department of Biological Chemistry and Molecular Pharmacology Harvard Medical School and Division of Pediatric Hematology/Oncology The Children's Hospital and Dana Farber Cancer Institute Boston Massachusetts 02115 USA Department of Molecular and Cellular Biology Harvard University 7 Divinity Avenue Cambridge Massachusetts 02138 USA Correspondence to : George Q. Daley1 Email : george.da . . @childrens.harvard.edu .
org:founded_by(e1,e2)	Maverick Films	Guy Oseary	Morgan moved on to become the CEO of Maverick Films founded by Guy Oseary and Madonna .
no_relation	Hamlet	1987	In early 1979 he joined Dulwich Hamlet making 164 senior appearances and later moved on to other non-league clubs before retiring in 1987 .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Baku	Stepan Shahumyan	Azerbaijani delegation to the 1919 Paris Peace Conference provided the following interpretation of the March Days : The leader of Baku Soviet Stepan Shahumyan claimed that more than killed in two days .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Pol Pot	Khmer Rouge	Pol Pot ( born Saloth Sar ( ) ; 19 May 1925 15 April 1998 ) was a Cambodian Communist revolutionary who led the Khmer Rouge from 1963 until his death in 1998 .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Atlantic	his	Nutini made his first demo which saw him signed to Atlantic Records in May 2005 shortly after his 18th birthday .
per:title(e2,e1)	President	Ilham Aliyev	Earlier on Sunday Clinton had a meeting with Azerbaijani President Ilham Aliyev .
no_relation	Slovenia	An?ej De?	On the night the song was performed fourth following Slovenia 's An?ej De? an with Mr Nobody and preceding Polina Smolova of Belarus with Mum .
org:alternate_names(e1,e2)	International University of Business Agriculture and technology	IUBAT	British Hospitality Association ( BHA ) American Hotel Lodging Educational Institute ( ) International and Euro CHRIE West Coast University ( WCU ) International University of Business Agriculture and technology ( IUBAT ) have signed agreements of collaboration with SWISS in 2012 .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	ABC Studios	Disney	This culminated in the studio's name change to ABC Studios in 2007 as part of a Disney strategy to focus on the 3 core brands : ABC Disney and ESPN .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Gavin Rossdale	Bush	The bombshell news was delivered to Stefani the sexy blonde singer with No Doubt after DNA tests confirmed Gavin Rossdale who fronts the band Bush is the dad of teen fashion model Daisy Lowe the Mirror of London says .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Liberia	Arthur Barclay	James Jenkins Dossen ( c. 1866 August 17 1924 ) ) was a Liberian politician and jurist serving as the Vice President of Liberia from 1906 to 1912 under President Arthur Barclay .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	American	Smagorinsky	As stated in a 1992 Bulletin of the American Meteorological Society Dr. Smagorinsky almost relentless pursuit of excellence at Geophysical Fluid Dynamics Laboratory set a standard for other laboratories and centers that have contributed immensely to the growth of meteorology as a science throughout the world .
org:founded_by(e1,e2)	Ikea	Ingvar Kamprad	Ikea 's announcement came after a series of public complaints including from the company's founder the secretive billionaire Ingvar Kamprad who went on Swedish radio to complain that Russian authorities had cheated the company out of millions of dollars by overcharging for electricity .
no_relation	Ong Teng Cheong	Singapore	Tharman also serves as the Chairman of the Ong Teng Cheong Institute of Labour Studies and Chairman of the Board of Trustees of the Singapore Indian Development Association ( SINDA ) .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Great Western Bank	Sioux Falls	Great Western Bank has assets of more than 3.4 billion US dollars and more than 100 branches across six states predominantly in the US mid-west with its headquarters in Sioux Falls South Dakota .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Ashley MacIsaac	cleopatra	is an album by Ashley MacIsaac released in 1995 on cleopatra Records ' Ancient Music imprint .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Di Pietro	Italy	Of these Pannella and Di Pietro were stopped because of their involvement in external parties ( the Italian Radicals and Italy of Values respectively ) whereas Cangini and Rutigliano did not manage to present the necessary valid signatures for the 9pm deadline and Colombo's candidacy was instead made into hiatus in order to give him 48 additional hours to integrate the required documentation ; Colombo later decided to retire his candidacy citing his impossibility to fit with all the requirements .
org:top_members/employees(e2,e1)	Phyllis Schlafly	Eagle Forum	- Phyllis Schlafly President Eagle Forum .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	The Walt Disney Company	Pixar Animation Studios	Only The Walt Disney Company which owns Walt Disney Pictures Touchstone Pictures Hollywood Pictures Lucasfilm Limited the Pixar Animation Studios and Marvel Studios is fully based in Southern California .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Thailand	Sundaravej	Quinton Quayle U.K. Ambassador to Thailand later remarked that he would also join Sundaravej .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Thanom	Thailand	The soldiers finally withdrew in the evening and around 7:15 pm the King announced on television and radio that Thanom military government had resigned.Kraiyudht Dhiratayakinant ed. Thailand Profile 1975 Bangkok : Voice of the Nation 1975 p. 4 .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Qatar	Hamad bin Khalifa	The visit came nearly one month after Emir of Qatar Sheikh Hamad bin Khalifa al - Thani met with Saleh on July 13 during which the two leaders agreed to reactivate the Doha peace agreement to cement the cease-fire deal between the northern rebels and the Yemeni government .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Specialty	Little Richard	In September 1955 though details of the story vary she was contacted by record producer Bumps Blackwell of Specialty Records who needed someone to rewrite and tone down the lyrics of a ribald song performed by Little Richard .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Israel	Yitzhak Rabin	1995 : In his first visit to Israel Yasir Arafat the chairman of the Palestine Liberation Organization calls on Leah the widow of assassinated Prime Minister Yitzhak Rabin in Tel Aviv .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Kendall	England	Her mother was the former Gladys Drewery.http : / / www.thomasleejones.com/fromthelighthouse/ She had two elder siblings : By her father's second marriage to his professional dancing partner Dora Spencer ( aka Doric Spencer ) she had a younger half-brother : Kendall attended schools in England and Scotland including St. Leonard's boarding school in Brighton St. Margaret's convent school near Oban and the Lydia Kyasht Dancing Academy in London .
per:title(e2,e1)	member	Afa Anoa'i	Born in Hungary and raised in Pennsylvania after graduating from Delaware Valley High School in 1988 Zoltan Big started attending the Wild Samoan Training Academy where he was trained by WWE Hall of Fame member Afa Anoa'i .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Mos Def	Geffen	The New Danger is the second studio album by American hip hop artist Mos Def released October 19 2004 on Rawkus and Geffen Records in the United States .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Eastern Michigan Eagles	Ypsilanti	The Eastern Michigan Eagles baseball team ( formerly the Eastern Michigan Hurons ) is a varsity intercollegiate athletic team of Eastern Michigan University in Ypsilanti Michigan USA .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	he	Maldives	However September 2011 he returned to the Maldivian political arena leading a new political party the Progressive Party of Maldives ( PPM ) .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	Block Communications	Buckeye CableSystem	Owned as the flagship television outlet of Block Communications ( owners of the Toledo Blade and Buckeye CableSystem ) it was originally exclusive to Buckeye CableSystem subscribers but its carriage has since expanded to other northwestern Ohio cable providers such as Time Warner Cable and Comcast .
no_relation	24	Viktor Yushchenko	Somali pirates have freed the crew of 24 Ukrainians held on the Greek-owned vessel MV Ariana after an ordeal of over seven months Ukraine's President Viktor Yushchenko said Thursday .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Grant Woods	Arizona	Grant Woods former Republican Attorney General of Arizona on 60 Minutes commented That tells you that this was personal .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	Dutch	Navy	The study proposes the sale of four existing Karel Doorman class frigates and using the proceeds and savings of the sale to commission four dedicated patrol vessels allow the building of a more capable Joint Support Ship to replace the AOR HNLMS Zuiderkruis and reintroducing a mine-sweeping capability to the Dutch Navy .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	SunExpress	Turkish Airlines	The owners of SunExpress are 50 % Turkish Airlines and 50 % Lufthansa .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Romania	Gheorghe Gheorghiu-Dej	In subsequent periods Stefanov's image and status remained the subject of allegations inside Communist Romania : in 1961 the high-ranking Communist activist Valter Roman who had been himself disgraced and rehabilitated by Gheorghe Gheorghiu-Dej spoke out against former Communist politicians who had been purged at various stages Stefanov included ; he was interrupted by Petre Boril? who notably added a claim that Stefanov had admired Nazism and had seen in it a path to a socialist economy .
org:founded_by(e2,e1)	Sellinger	School of Business and Management	The facilities of the college were strengthened as well with graduate centers opening in Columbia and Timonium the construction of the Sellinger School of Business and Management the renovation of Maryland Hall and the opening of the Fitness and Aquatic Center .
org:founded(e2,e1)	1994	Endemol UK	In 1994 he teamed up with Initial Film and Television ( part of Endemol UK ) as Music Supervisor Associate Producer and Executive Producer working on numerous projects including The White Room ( Channel Four ) Club Class ( Channel Five ) and Roll With It ( Flextech ) .
org:founded(e1,e2)	AFL Queensland	2000	In 1999 the QSFL also went into voluntary liquidation being replaced by a new organisation AFL Queensland ( AFLQ ) in 2000 .
org:founded(e1,e2)	Monmouth College	1853	Monmouth College a private liberal arts college affiliated with the Presbyterian Church ( U.S.A. ) was founded in Monmouth in 1853 by Cedar Creek South Henderson Presbyterian Church's .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	University of West Florida	United States	The University of West Florida also known as West Florida and UWF is a mid-sized public university located in Pensacola Florida United States .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	Smithson	San Diego	Dublin-bred Smithson 24 worked five days a week as a waitress and then as a bartender at the Field in San Diego for almost three years up until her stint as a finalist on American Idol the popular singing competition television show .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Ella Fitzgerald	Capitol	In a real switch of genres Ella Fitzgerald recorded this on her Capitol Records release Misty Blue .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	Swindon	Stagecoach in Swindon	Swindon 's second oldest operator after Thamesdown Transport is Stagecoach in Swindon the successor to the Swindon branch of Bristol Tramways established in 1921 .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	he	Richmond	Although he had charge of some excellent talent at the club Hafey was unable to engender the type of team spirit he created at Collingwood and Richmond .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	Vivendi	Universal Music Group	It's a digital clearinghouse for artists who have n't signed with major record labels like Sony BMG EMI Group PLC Warner Music Group Corp. or Vivendi SA's Universal Music Group .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	her	Nicaragua	Chamorro's presidency is primarily known for the peace her election allowed for war-ravaged Nicaragua as the US was expected to continue funding the Contras ( and maintain the embargo ) if she did not win .
per:title(e2,e1)	Prime Minister	Jan Peter Balkenende	The outgoing Dutch Prime Minister Jan Peter Balkenende said Sunday he expects the Netherlands to start withdrawing from Afghanistan in August .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Finland	Urho Kekkonen	To underline its anti-fascist political ideas the new political organization invited well known anti-fascist Rudolf Holsti and the future President of Finland Urho Kekkonen to speak in the opening event .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Taro Aso	House	The Asahi Shimbun -- An opposition-backed candidate was elected Shizuoka governor Sunday fueling the crisis within the ruling camp and strengthening calls for Prime Minister Taro Aso to resign before the next Lower House election .
org:members(e2,e1)	Air Force Falcons	United States Air Force Academy	The Air Force Falcons are a college football team from the United States Air Force Academy located just outside of Colorado Springs Colorado .
org:founded(e1,e2)	Las Vegas Transit	Las Vegas	Las Vegas Transit also known as Las Vegas Transit System ( LVTS ) was a former operator of a small private bus system in Las Vegas Nevada United States .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	Arkansas State University System	Jonesboro	Arkansas State University Paragould is an instructional site of the Arkansas State University System 's flagship Jonesboro campus .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Khieu Samphan	Democratic Kampuchea	The party was led by Khieu Samphan and Son Sen. It succeeded the Party of Democratic Kampuchea after 1993 .
per:title(e1,e2)	Chaim Weizmann	President	was a sister of Israeli politician and notable scientist Chaim Weizmann ( the first President of the State of Israel ) .
per:cities_of_residence(e2,e1)	Los Angeles	Allan McCollum	During his early years in Los Angeles he began significant relationships with John Baldessari Ed Ruscha William Wegman and Allan McCollum .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Irving Oil	Saint John	Ownership and operation of the Irving group of companies ultimately divided among his three sons and their respective children James the oldest brother's two sons Jim Irving and Robert Irving took more control of forest products Arthur the middle brother assumed more autonomy in Irving Oil which owns Saint John New Bruswick Irving Oil Refinery Canada's largest refinery and Jack .
per:origin(e2,e1)	British	Tony Blair	It stars Stephen Mangan as the former British Prime Minister Tony Blair who is wanted for murder and on the run as a fugitive from justice .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Ne Win	Burma	The National Unity Party ( NUP ) the successor to late dictator Ne Win 's Burma Socialist Program Party has also complained about the USDP forcibly collecting absentee votes exile media group Mizzima News reported .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Six Flags	New York	Six Flags based in New York filed for bankruptcy in June with plans to cut debt by $ 1.8 billion .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e2,e1)	Florida	Mel Martinez	Notables include Michigan governor Jennifer Granholm ( born in Canada naturalized in 1980 ) former Florida Senator Mel Martinez ( born in Cuba ) former United States Secretary of State Madeleine Albright ( born in Czechoslovakia ) former Vermont governor Madeleine Kunin ( born in the Swiss Confederation ) and former Secretary of Labor Elaine Chao ( born in Taiwan ) .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Zack de la Rocha	Rage Against the Machine	- Zack de la Rocha Michael Moore praised Zack on the official Epic Records press release ; Zack the lead singer of the greatest rock band of the '90s Rage Against the Machine is in person the most gentle of souls you will ever meet .
org:alternate_names(e2,e1)	Army	USAR	The 108th Training Command ( IET ) is a subordinate unit in the United States Army Reserve ( USAR ) which is a federal reserve force of the United States Army .
org:city_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Sault Ste. Marie	Sault Transit Services	Sault Ste. Marie is also served by Sault Ste. Marie Airport and Sault Transit Services .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Seoul National University	South Korea	Seoul National University Faculty of Fine Arts ; Seoul South Korea .
per:cities_of_residence(e2,e1)	New York	his	In the early 1950s Manne left New York and settled permanently on a ranch in an outlying part of Los Angeles where he and his wife raised horses .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Thomas Wolsey	England	1515 - King Henry VIII appoints Thomas Wolsey as chancellor of England .
no_relation	King	James Brown	In an interview on CNN with Larry King Hynie produced a 2001 marriage certificate as proof of her marriage to James Brown but she did not provide King with court records pointing to an annulment of her marriage to him or to Ahmed .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	France	Francis Cabrel	In France the album was released at a time when Francis Cabrel made also his comeback with his album Hors Saison which topped the French Albums Chart .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	UWCSEA	Dover	In 1970 the site on which UWCSEA 's Dover Campus now stands was occupied by the St John's Army School run by the British Army but in the light of British military withdrawal from Singapore in 1971 it was due to be vacated .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	United International Pictures	Universal Studios	Paramount Pictures was slated to release the film in the United States as it had by now made DreamWorks Pictures one of its wholly owned subsidiaries and was also to be responsible for the international release of the film through United International Pictures its joint venture with Universal Studios .
org:members(e1,e2)	Rough Trade	The Libertines	Formed in 2006 the label was founded by James Endeacott ( formerly of Rough Trade Records ) who first signed The Libertines .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	St. Louis Community College	Forest Park	Businesses located in Cheltenham include the St. Louis Community College at Forest Park .
org:founded_by(e1,e2)	474th Tactical Fighter Wing	United States	The 474th Tactical Fighter Wing is an inactive United States Air Force unit .
org:founded_by(e2,e1)	Kerry Ganofsky	High Voltage Software	Kerry Ganofsky CEO and founder of High Voltage Software stated Sega shares our vision for the title and its tremendous potential which is why we chose them from a long list of potential partners .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Mexican League	Mexico	Since they made their appearance in the Mexican League in summer 1954 the Lions have had fierce rivalries first with the Mexico City Diablos Rojos and the Mexico City Tigres and then from 1980 with the Campeche Piratas .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Ng	Singapore	In 1959 the young Ng met British sculptress Jean Bullock in Singapore who exposed him to sculpture art and introduced him to ciment fondu a relatively new sculpting medium .
org:alternate_names(e1,e2)	Altria Group	Philip Morris	Altria Group ( formerly Philip Morris ) had its corporate headquarters in an unincorporated area in Henrico County .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	BMG Greece	Peggy Zina	It was released in 2005 by Sony BMG Greece and includes the songs of her first two albums : Peggy Zina and Anevaines which are part of the BMG Greece back catalogue .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	Candy Dulfer	Amsterdam	Candy Dulfer was born on 19 September 1969 in Amsterdam in the Netherlands as the daughter of saxophonist Hans Dulfer .
org:members(e1,e2)	Mute Records	Erasure	Mute Records released Freedom in the UK and the single was never released in the United States due to problems with Erasure 's then-record company Maverick ( the Loveboat album would not see a U.S. release until 2003 ) .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	T-Mobile	Deutsche Telekom	T-Mobile a unit of Deutsche Telekom AG in Germany said it was investigating the allegation and found no evidence that hackers got any customer or company information .
no_relation	2008	Washington Kastles	In July 2008 the Washington Kastles a World TeamTennis team played their first season in a temporary stadium in downtown Washington D.C. finishing with a 6-8 record .
org:city_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Issaquah-based	Costco	Shares of Issaquah-based Costco closed at $ 53.71 on the Nasdaq Stock Market down less than 1 percent .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Pressure	Australia	Daniel Smith better known by his stage name MC Pressure or simply as Pressure is one of the MCs of the hip hop group the Hilltop Hoods formed in Adelaide South Australia Australia .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Its	New York	Its locations are all serviced from the same warehouse in Rotterdam New York .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	Big Hawk	Houston	Big Hawk appeared on numerous mixtapes from artists in the Houston underground rap scene .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Australia	Johnny O'Keefe	In 1998 Australia Post issued a special stamp edition celebrating the early years of Australian rock 'n' roll ; the first stamp in the series commemorated Johnny O'Keefe 's rise to stardom in 1958 .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	Chrysler	Jeep	He retains his job as head of marketing for the Fiat Group adding Chrysler global marketing which includes brand development and advertising for the Chrysler Jeep and two Dodge brands .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	Roy D. Chapin	Hudson	In May 1933 Roy D. Chapin returned to Hudson after serving as the United States Secretary of Commerce during the last months of President Herbert Hoover's administration and spent his final three years of life trying to save the automaker from the effects of the Great Depression .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Urho Kekkonen	Finland	Urho Kekkonen 's first cabinet was the 33rd government of Republic of Finland .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Interior	James G. Watt	Secretary of the Interior James G. Watt already facing criticism related to his alleged hostility to environmentalism and his support of the development and use of federal lands by foresting ranching and other commercial interests and for banning The Beach Boys from playing a 1983 Independence Day concert on the National Mall out of concerns of attracting an undesirable element resigned abruptly after a September 21 1983 speech in which he said about his staff : I have a black a woman two Jews and a cripple .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Groves	Minnesota	Groves spent four years teaching high school in Rosemount Minnesota before recording her first album Past the Wishing in 1998 .
per:origin(e2,e1)	British	Winston Churchill	Before he was able to persuade the United States to come to Britain's aid during the darkest days of World War II British Prime Minister Winston Churchill waged a canny campaign to cultivate -- and influence -- the many American journalists working in England .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Penny Rimbaud	Crass Records	Tracks 13-22 from the Farce 7 EP recorded at Southern Studios London in 1982 engineered by John Loder produced by Penny Rimbaud and Rudimentary Peni and released on Crass Records in July of that year .
per:cities_of_residence(e2,e1)	Gatineau	Marc Bureau	Several local politicians such as Gatineau mayor Marc Bureau Hull Aylmer federal MP Marcel Proulx as well as Hull provincial MNA Roch Cholette were in attendance .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Roberto Formigoni	Lombardy	Most members of the party were former Christian Democrats ( DC ) : Giuseppe Pisanu ( former member of the leftist faction of DC and Minister of Interior ) Roberto Formigoni ( President of Lombardy ) Claudio Scajola ( former Minister of the Interior and of Industry ) Enrico La Loggia Renato Schifani Guido Crosetto Raffaele Fitto Giuseppe Gargani Alfredo Antoniozzi Giorgio Carollo Giuseppe Castiglione Francesco Giro Luigi Grillo Maurizio Lupi Mario Mantovani Mario Mauro Osvaldo Napoli Antonio Palmieri Angelo Sanza Riccardo Ventre and Marcello Vernola are only some remarkable examples .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Chicago	William Hale Thompson	Millard also was not above corruption to get clearance casting Chicago mayor William Hale Thompson in the film to ensure passage by the city's censors .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Mohamed Farrah Aidid	United Somali Congress	The compound was subsequently captured by the forces of Mohamed Farrah Aidid 's United Somali Congress ( USC ) after a fierce battle for control of the capital .
org:alternate_names(e1,e2)	Minnesota Life College	MLC	Minnesota Life College or MLC as it is commonly referred is a three year postsecondary life-skills training program for young adults with learning disabilities located in Richfield Minnesota .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Integrity	Paul Baloche	This added greatly to Integrity 's artist roster which already included notables Don Moen Hillsong Music Paul Baloche and the GRAMMY Award-winning Israel and New Breed who are part of the Integrity Label Group.Together Integrity Music and INO Records are the top independent labels in the Christian music marketplace commanding 13.5 percent of the label market share according to Nielsen-Soundscan .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Stevens Institute of Technology	NJ	Other six conferences held before were : Int ' l Conference on Revisiting Indus - Saraswati Civilization Ancient India Atlanta ( GA ) October 4-6 1996 International Conference on New Perspectives on Vedic Ancient Indian Civilization Los Angeles ( CA ) August 7-9 1998 International Conference on Contemporary Views on Indian Civilization Stevens Institute of Technology Hoboken ( NJ ) July 28-30 2000 India's Contributions and Influences in the World University of Massachusetts Dartmouth ( MA ) July 12-14 2002 .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Daniel Ortega	Nicaragua	She is also the wife of current President Daniel Ortega and is the First Lady of Nicaragua a title she also held in 1985 when her husband became President 6 years after the Sandinista National Liberation Front ( FSLN ) overthrew the Somoza dynasty .
per:title(e2,e1)	President	John Kufuor	President John Kufuor at the weekend officially opened the Baba Yara stadium here ahead of its being used at next month's African Nations Cup in Ghana .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Evo Morales	Bolivia	President Evo Morales approves Aug. 10 recall vote for himself and Bolivia 's governors .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Golden Rule Airlines	Bishkek	Services operated by Golden Rule Airlines include the following ( as of 2006-12-12 ) : Charter services ( passenger or cargo ) based in Bishkek .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Mountaineers	North Carolina	The Mountaineers played their home games at Kidd Brewer Stadium in Boone North Carolina .
no_relation	Nokia Siemens Networks	2007	He was the Executive Vice President and General Manager for Nokia Networks before becoming Chief Executive Officer of Nokia Siemens Networks in 2007 .
org:founded(e2,e1)	1998	National Post	The Hollinger transaction was finalized in July 1998 and the National Post debuted in October of that year .
no_relation	snow	Toronto	Freezing rain snow and high winds slammed Toronto on Thursday leaving two children dead .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Teru	Japan	Both Teru and Hizaki participated in the Blue Planet Japan project which was created in response to the 2011 Thoku earthquake and tsunami .
per:origin(e1,e2)	Obertas	Russian	Obertas and Slavnov did not compete at Russian Nationals and ended their career .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Interior	Dirk Kempthorne	The purposeful destruction of Federal forests was carried out with the knowledge of top officials of the Interior Department under both Interior Secretaries Gale Norton and Dirk Kempthorne .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Bond Wireless	Queensland	Bond Wireless was founded in Queensland Australia in 2002 by Dr. Clarence Tan with the objective of creating purpose built ICT ( Information and Communications Technology ) applications that used SMS ( short message service/text messaging ) as their key communications medium .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	David Attenborough	London	Yanomamo is a 90-minute work for chorus soloists narrator and stage band and the original production performed by the choir and musicians of St. Augustine RC High School was narrated by Sir David Attenborough and premiered at the Royal Institute London before appearing at the Edinburgh Festival .
per:title(e1,e2)	he	Landlord	From that point Jewison produced all feature films he directed often with associate Patrick Palmer and he also acted as producer for films directed by others beginning with his former film editor Hal Ashby's directoral debut The Landlord ( 1970 ) .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e2,e1)	South Carolina	Jim DeMint	The Kentucky lawmaker was nominated by 2008 Republican presidential candidate Sen. John McCain of Arizona and Sen.-elect Marco Rubio of Florida one of several Tea Party movement-backed freshmen who won with support from South Carolina Sen. Jim DeMint .
per:cities_of_residence(e2,e1)	Delhi	Kamaladevi Chattopadhyay	Returning in 1950 she set up a tuberculosis sanatorium in Faridabad the model township on the outskirts of Delhi set up on cooperative lines by fellow Gandhian Kamaladevi Chattopadhyay .
org:founded_by(e2,e1)	Peter Munk	Barrick Gold	Still some early investors like Peter Munk the founder and chairman of Barrick Gold were skeptical at first .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Australia	Mary MacKillop	Meanwhile Opposition Leader Tony Abbott has described Australia 's first saint Mary MacKillop as an inspirational woman .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Simonds Catholic College	Melbourne	Simonds Catholic College is a Roman Catholic Independent school for boys located in the Melbourne suburb of West Melbourne .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	George	Housing and Urban Development	George was now serving in President Richard Nixon's cabinet as United States Secretary of Housing and Urban Development .
no_relation	2008	Thaksin Shinawatra	In 2007 and 2008 the Constitution Court ruled to dissolve Thai Rak Thai Party of former Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra and then its successor People's Power Party .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Gallaudet University	Washington	Deaf students from Canada often attend Gallaudet University in Washington D.C. for post secondary programs .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Kenya	Jomo Kenyatta	They were arrested for allegedly being linked with the Mau Mau rebellion movement.The Standard : 16 June 2007 : Fare thee well Achieng Oneko They were released nine years later in 1961 two years before Kenya gained independence.The Standard 16 August 2004 : A colourful career ends in dishonour The first parliamentary election were held on independence in 1963 and Achieng Oneko won the Nakuru Town Constituency seat.Center for Multiparty Democracy : Politics and Parliamenterians in Kenya 1944 2007 Jomo Kenyatta became the first president of Kenya and soon appointed Achieng Oneko Minister for Information Broadcasting and Tourism .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Philles Records	Phil Spector	Also released were the soundtracks to Come Together and El Topo ( in the US ) the onetime Philles Records compilation Phil Spector 's Christmas Album and the multi-artist The Concert for Bangla Desh .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	School of Engineering	USA	The Department of Mathematics ( Course XVIII ) The Department of Physics ( Course VIII ) The MIT School of Engineering is one of the five schools of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology located in Cambridge Massachusetts USA .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Navy	Claude A. Swanson	In a two-page letter to Secretary of the Navy Claude A. Swanson and indirectly to Roosevelt Reeves argued that the 16-inch gun's significantly greater armor penetration was of paramount importance drawing examples from the First World War's Battle of Jutland where some battleships were able to survive ten or twenty hits from large guns but other battlecruisers were blown up in three to seven hits because the shells were able to cut through the armor protecting magazines and turrets .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Kummer	University of Breslau	Realizing Kummer 's potential they helped him get elected in the Berlin Academy and in 1842 obtained for him a full professor position at the University of Breslau .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	George Washington	Mount Vernon	The two turkeys will spend the rest of their lives in relative luxury at the home of the nation's first president : George Washington 's Mount Vernon estate in Virginia .
org:members(e2,e1)	Kent State Golden Flashes	Division I	The 2006 Kent State Golden Flashes football team represented the Kent State University in National Collegiate Athletic Association ( NCAA ) Division I Football Bowl Subdivision ( FBS ) college football during the 2006 NCAA Division I FBS football season .
no_relation	Goggin	Virginia	Goggin and the 32nd Virginia Infantry served under Maj. Gen. John B. Magruder in 1861 and into 1862 during the Peninsula Campaign .
org:top_members/employees(e1,e2)	Bio-Rad	Valdemoro	The SUV was found abandoned Wednesday at a Hercules business park not far from Bio-Rad Laboratories where Valdemoro worked as a contract security guard with Allied Barton Security Services until 2008 said Bio-Rad spokesman Ron Hutton .
per:spouse(e1,e2)	Dale Evans	Roy Rogers	He and his wife Dale Evans his golden palomino Trigger and his German Shepherd dog Bullet were featured in more than 100 movies and The Roy Rogers Show .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Iowa State University	Ames	-- Raymond W. Arritt tel +1 -515 -294 -9870 Professor Department of Agronomy fax +1 -515 -294 -2619 3010 Agronomy Hall Iowa State University Ames Iowa 50011 USA http://mesoscale.agron.iastate.edu/arritt2.html ---------------------------------------------------------------- There can not be a crisis next week .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	Valparaiso	Valparaiso University	The 2011 Valparaiso Crusaders football team represented Valparaiso University in the 2011 NCAA Division I FCS football season .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	Patna Science College	Patna University	He attended Patna Science College and went on to Post Graduate work at Patna University .
no_relation	Brazilian Navy	Brazilian Naval Aviation	The Brazilian Navy which is the oldest of the Brazilian Armed Forces includes the Brazilian Marine Corps and the Brazilian Naval Aviation .
per:title(e2,e1)	actress	Elizabeth Farren	His second marriage was to a Drury Lane actress Elizabeth Farren .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Vietnam	city	Among the 26 A/H1N1 flu cases of Vietnam confirmed so far 23 are in the city .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Denmark	TV 2 Sport	The Sport was omitted upon the closing of the Viasat Sport-channels in Denmark and the opening of TV 2 Sport .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Sierra Leone	him	As head of the Sierra Leone Armed Forces Major General Momoh was very loyal to Stevens who had appointed him to the position .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Combined Joint Task Force - Horn of Africa	Djibouti	After the September 11 terrorist attacks in 2001 the Ethiopian army began to train with the U.S. Combined Joint Task Force - Horn of Africa ( CJTF-HOA ) established in Djibouti .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Radovan Karad?i	of Republika Srps	He has often been referred to by Western media as the Butcher of Bosnia a title also sometimes applied to Radovan Karad?i ? the former President of Republika Srps ka .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	University of the Basque Country	Bilbao	Initiated in 1997 by the Materials Laboratory of the Department of Condensed Matter Physics at the University of the Basque Country Bilbao Spain the Bilbao Crystallographic Server is developed and maintained by academics .
org:alternate_names(e2,e1)	Hampton Normal	Hampton University	A freed man Washington sought a formal education and worked his way through Hampton Normal and Agricultural Institute ( now Hampton University ) and attended college at Wayland Seminary in Washington DC ( now Virginia Union University ) .
org:top_members/employees(e1,e2)	Raiders	Gerald Myers	At a total of 18 seasons his stay is the second longest of any Red Raiders basketball coach behind Gerald Myers .
no_relation	Maryland	Under Armour	In addition one of the Maryland regents told ESPN that Under Armour founder and major Maryland athletic booster Kevin Plank was 100 percent behind a Big Ten move and was heavily lobbying regents .
org:members(e1,e2)	Infantry Division	2nd Division	While the 3rd Canadian Infantry Division attacked east of the Caen-Falaise Road 2nd Division attacked to the west .
org:city_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Annapolis	United States Naval Academy	After hostilities ended Wyandank served at Annapolis Maryland into the 1870s as a floating barracks for United States Marines assigned to the United States Naval Academy .
no_relation	Navy	Donald C. Winter	But in a written statement Monday the Navy said Secretary Donald C. Winter concluded after reviewing the matter that Lippold's actions before the attack on October 12 2000 did not meet the high standard expected of commanding officers .
no_relation	he	California	However he chose not to endorse either of the remaining Democratic challengers California State Controller Alan Cranston and former Presidential press secretary Pierre Salinger .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	Jackson	Devon	During the summer of 2008 the Jackson family ( including Tito ) stayed at a holiday let ( rental ) for six weeks in Appledore Devon England while searching for a house to buy in the area .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Jan	Czechoslovakia	He was succeeded by caretaker Jan whose major task was the execution of Dissolution of Czechoslovakia .
org:top_members/employees(e1,e2)	Libertarian Party of Ohio	Mark Noble	On 6 June 2008 the Libertarian Party of Ohio by application of Mark Noble and several Libertarian Party of Ohio colleagues ( Kevin Knedler Bob Barr Wayne Root and Margaret Leech ) as plaintiffs filed a suit ( Libertarian Party of Ohio v. Brunner ) against Ohio Secretary of State claiming that the Secretary of State's refusal to give the Libertarian Party of Ohio access to the November 2008 general electoral ballot deprived the plaintiffs of speech voting and associational rights secured by the First and Fourteenth amendments to the Constitution of the United States .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Liberia	Joseph Jenkins Roberts	( Other reports though ( History of Liberia and Joseph Jenkins Roberts ) say : The slave trade from Liberian ports was ended by the British Navy in the 1850s . ) .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Brown	United Kingdom	Brown said that his government welcomed the creation of the fund and its potential for investing in the United Kingdom .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	his	Australian Theatre for Young People	Since his early years with the Australian Theatre for Young People Salvatore sought to broaden his theatrical schooling by studying the realistic techniques of Sanford Meisner Michael Chekhov and David Mamet .
org:founded(e2,e1)	1 January 2004	University of KwaZulu-Natal	On 1 January 2004 the university was merged with the University of Natal to create the University of KwaZulu-Natal .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Japan	Hitotsubashi University	Japan 's Use of Economic Power Balancing Between East Asia and the West by Jens Nasstrom MA Candidate Hitotsubashi University .
no_relation	producer	RZA	Son of Rick James he is a producer who made several contributions to the Afro Samurai Soundtrack as well as RZA 's Digi Snacks album .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	McGill University	Montreal	The authors from the University of Colorado at Boulder the National Center for Atmospheric Research ( NCAR ) in Boulder and McGill University in Montreal say the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change ( IPCC ) has significantly underestimated the technological challenges of reducing CO2 emissions .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	Riki Lindhome	Portville	Riki Lindhome was born in Coudersport Pennsylvania in 1979 and grew up in Portville New York .
org:founded_by(e2,e1)	Mashimo	Bee Train	Studio XEBEC also traces its history to Tatsunoko as it is an offshoot of Production I.G and Koichi Mashimo who previously worked at Tatsunoko founded Bee Train which existed as a subsidiary of Production I.G until 2006 .
per:title(e1,e2)	Kevin Smith	screenwriter	Kevin Smith is an American screenwriter actor film producer and director .
org:top_members/employees(e1,e2)	GM	Frederick A. Henderson	Still GM 's chief financial officer Frederick A. Henderson said the company deserved credit for getting this far especially since it did not anticipate high oil and gasoline prices a slowdown in the housing market or the problems in credit markets that have occurred since it began its turnaround efforts .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	Russian	Russian Liberation Army	But the other Russian Scouts-in-exile association NORR was still active in the German occupied countries and encouraged to join the Russian Liberation Army .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Armenia	Serzh Sargsyan	He was CBA Chairman until April 9 2008 when he was appointed as Prime Minister of Armenia by President Serzh Sargsyan upon the latter's inauguration .
org:alternate_names(e1,e2)	Popular Action	Popular	Popular Action ( Spanish : Popular ) is a centrist political party in Peru .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Luxembourg	Jean-Claude Juncker	European Union leaders will debate candidates for the top job of president at a special summit next month Luxembourg Prime Minister Jean-Claude Juncker said on Friday .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	IRIN	United Nations	quot ; IRIN does not provide any of their own numbers ( IRIN is part of the United Nations ) but looks at one family that has returned from Syria and notes that those moving back do so quot ; not because they are confident of Iraq's future but because they have run out of money .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Trenton Central High School	New Jersey	Trenton Central High School is a four-year comprehensive public high school that serves students in ninth through twelfth grades from Trenton in Mercer County New Jersey United States operating as part of the Trenton Public Schools .
per:title(e1,e2)	He	President	He had faced two particular candidates from the ruling Socialist Party the official candidate Soares former President of the Republic came in third with 14.3 % Manuel Alegre a dissident ranked second with 20.7 % of votes .
per:title(e1,e2)	Charles Proteus Steinmetz	a mathematicia	Charles Proteus Steinmetz ( April 9 1865 in Wroc?aw October 26 1923 ) was a mathematicia n and electrical engineer .
no_relation	Charles Darwin University	Northern Territory	Dr Chris Tracy and colleagues from Charles Darwin University in the Northern Territory of Australia has implanted small beads into the body cavities of tree frogs for the experiment .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Poland	Telewizja Polska	Although Poland did not become a member of the European Broadcasting Union ( EBU ) until 1993 earlier Contests had often been broadcast on Telewizja Polska ( TVP ) the Polish broadcaster - even if delayed .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Prachanda	Nepal	He along with Chairman Prachanda and another senior leader Ram Bahadur Thapa ' Badal ' got affiliated to the communist movement of Nepal almost at the same time .
org:members(e2,e1)	Jaguars	Sun Belt	In his first eight seasons as the Jaguars coach Ronnie Arrow compiled a record of 114 93 ( .551 ) and was named Sun Belt Coach of the Year in 1989 and 1991 .
org:top_members/employees(e2,e1)	Woodie Flowers	FIRST	Dr. Woodie Flowers FIRST National Advisor and Pappalardo Professor Emeritus of Mechanical Engineering Massachusetts Institute of Technology coined the term Gracious Professionalism .
no_relation	His	Inglewood Park Cemetery	His cremated remains are located in Inglewood Park Cemetery Inglewood California .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Indonesia	Indonesian air force	India and Indonesia as close maritime neighbors have traditionally enjoyed warm relations including in the post - colonial period when several Indonesian air force personnel were trained in India .
per:alternate_names(e1,e2)	Alan Skidmore	Alan Richard James Skidmore	Alan Skidmore ( born Alan Richard James Skidmore 21 April 1942 London ) is a tenor saxophonist of jazz and blues music son of the saxophonist Jimmy Skidmore .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Crown College	Washington	After a seven day trial the jury found that Crown College had violated the Washington State Consumer Protection Act which outlaws deceptive practices in business .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Christopher Dodd	University of Louisville	Christopher Dodd had just called him to tell him that he had made the Law Review at the University of Louisville .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	He	London	He was a member of the London cast of Tom Foolery .
org:founded(e1,e2)	Redlight Children Campaign	2002	The Redlight Children Campaign is a non-profit organization created by New York lawyer and president of Priority Films Guy Jacobson and Israeli actress Adi Ezroni in 2002 to combat worldwide child sexual exploitation and human trafficking .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Von Erich	Texas	Von Erich refused to do so since it was n't the Texas thing to do which lead to a brief shoving match and argument between the two .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Lebanon	Lebanese Armed Forces	A senior U.S. official stressed Monday in Lebanon his country's support to the Lebanese Armed Forces ( LAF ) the National News Agency ( NNA ) reported .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	f Bosnia and Herzegovin	nt Alija Izetbegov	Before his indictment Halilovi? was a government minister in the Federation o f Bosnia and Herzegovin a and the leader of his own political party the Bosnian-Herzegovinian Patriotic Party-Sefer Halilovi? and was known for his vocal criticism of Bosnian preside nt Alija Izetbegov i? .
org:members(e2,e1)	ISA	Iran	Based on the approved statute ISA mandated to cover and support all the activities in Iran concerning the peaceful applications of space science and technology under the leadership of a Supreme Council of Space chaired by Iran President .
no_relation	He	Victoria	He was one of the first British officer battle casualties of the war and the first posthumous recipient of the Victoria Cross in the war .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Roberto Formigoni	Lombardy	The party formed a joint list with Forza Italia in 1995 regional elections and Roberto Formigoni was elected president of Lombardy while in 1996 it formed an alliance with the Christian Democratic Centre ( CCD ) for the general election in which CCD-CDU scored 5.6 % .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	He	Pennsylvania	He was elected to the Pennsylvania House of Representatives in 1884 and was elected to the State Senate in 1886 where he served as president pro tempore from 1889 to 1891 .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Gillard	Ohio	Gillard attended schools in Elyria Ohio but moved to Cleveland after graduating high school .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e2,e1)	Oregon	Jeff Merkley	In Oregon Republican Sen. Gordon Smith held a slim lead over Democrat Jeff Merkley on Wednesday afternoon with more than 20 percent of the votesstill to be counted .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	The Send	Tooth Nail Records	The Send is an alternative rock project of Falling Up ex-guitarist Joseph A. Kisselburgh of Albany Oregon currently signed to Tooth Nail Records .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Morris Albert	Brazil	In 1974 Morris Albert sang it in English and was associated as the original author in Feelings launched in Sao-Paolo by Augusta Do Brazil .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Max Bergmann	Kaiser Wilhelm Institute for Leather Research	After post-doctoral position with John Jacob Abel at Johns Hopkins University Medical School ( 1927-1928 ) he traveled to Europe as National Research Council Fellow in 1928-1929 where he worked with Max Bergmann at the Kaiser Wilhelm Institute for Leather Research in Dresden and with George Barger at the University of Edinburgh Medical School .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	The Broken Family Band	Cambridge	The Broken Family Band was a British rock band from Cambridge and London .
per:country_of_birth(e2,e1)	Mexican	Juan Manuel	He faced fellow Mexican Orlando Salido who had won an eliminator less than a year previous and had fought for the title previously losing to Juan Manuel in 2004 his only loss since 2001 and a no contest again Guerrero in 2006 .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Luxembourg	Jean-Claude Juncker	The finance summit will also bring together the president of the European Central Bank Jean-Claude Trichet ; the head of Eurogroup and prime minister of Luxembourg Jean-Claude Juncker as well as European Commission chief Jose Manuel Barroso .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Arkansas Razorbacks	Fayetteville	Brinson moved with Hatfield and became the running backs coach for the Arkansas Razorbacks at the University of Arkansas in Fayetteville Arkansas ( 1984 1989 ) the Clemson Tigers at Clemson University in Clemson South Carolina ( 1990 1993 ) and the Rice Owls at Rice University in Houston Texas ( 1994 2005 ) .
no_relation	Humble Pie	Immediate	After the success of Smokin ' the band's record label released Humble Pie 's first two Immediate albums in one double album as Lost and Found .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Angola	Angolan Armed Forces	According to Angola Press Agency ANGOP on Thursday the release ceremony was led by the attorney-general of the Angolan Armed Forces .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Shevardnadze	Georgia	Shevardnadze served for eight years as Georgia 's president before being ousted by current leader Mikheil Saakashvili in the bloodless Rose Revolution of 2003 .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Columbia	Springsteen	The concert was part of Columbia Records ' push to promote Springsteen in the UK and Europe following the success of the Born to Run album in the US .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Volkswagen	Wolfsburg	The world headquarters of Volkswagen are located in its home country in Wolfsburg Germany .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e2,e1)	California	Art Pepper	In California he served time at San Quentin prison with other talented and addicted musicians including fellow alto saxophonist Art Pepper .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	Grambling State Tigers	Grambling State University	The Grambling State Tigers are the college football team representing the Grambling State University .
org:city_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Tempe	US Airways	The increased offer comes just two weeks after the chief of Tempe Arizona-based US Airways Doug Parker told The Associated Press that his company had no intention at the time to increase its offer .
per:origin(e1,e2)	Indira Gandhi	Indian	This military intervention was put of by Mrs. Indira Gandhi after a squabble between the Indian Navy and Army on who would lead the operation .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Luxembourg	Jean-Claude Juncker	Europe's longest-serving leader Luxembourg Prime Minister Jean-Claude Juncker was on Monday given a new mandate to guide the 16 countries that share the euro currency out of a debilitating debt crisis a European source said .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Alexander Downer	Australia	Australian Foreign Minister Alexander Downer Wednesday said that Australia would likely conduct joint training operations with Philippine Armed Forces .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	His	Florida	His decision puts Florida Republican Gov. Charlie Crist -- who is running to replace Martinez -- in charge of filling the seat in the interim so the political balance in the Senate remains unchanged .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	Konstantinos Karamanlis	Athens	1974 : Greek politician Konstantinos Karamanlis returns to Athens after an 11-year exile in Paris and is sworn in as prime minister .
per:spouse(e1,e2)	Louise	Wilton Welch	Louise was married to fellow actor Wilton Welch in February 1912 when she was only sixteen years old .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Jim DeMint	South Carolina	Former Wisconsin Republican Lt. Governor Margaret Farrow and Republican U.S. Senator Jim DeMint of South Carolina endorsed Johnson as did Wisconsin Republican U.S. Representatives Jim Sensenbrenner Tom Petri and Paul Ryan .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	PLM	Manila	The PLM community regularly organizes inter-university invitational games and dual meets in major sporting events participates in the Manila Youth Games and Manila Marathon conducts its very own Student Intramural Games and participates in the Alculympics a sports organization composed of 18 local colleges and universities nationwide .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Robert Fico	Slovakia	Prime Minister Robert Fico made low inflation one of his government's key goals ahead of Slovakia 's adoption of the euro in January .
org:members(e1,e2)	Liberal Party	Dunedin	James Frederick Arnold ( 1859 1929 ) was a New Zealand Member of Parliament of the Liberal Party for various Dunedin electorates .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Smither	Signature Sounds Recordings	Smither released a 78-minute live concert DVD One More Night ( Signature Sounds Recordings ) in February 2008 .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Pom Wonderful	Los Angeles	On Monday the FTC charged Pom Wonderful which markets the juice and the company's owners billionaire philanthropists Lynda and Stewart Resnick of Los Angeles with making false and unsubstantiated claims about the power of their pomegranate elixir .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Blue Bird	Georgia	The first Wanderlodge protoype was produced by Blue Bird in 1963 in Fort Valley Georgia .
no_relation	Soap shoes	Heelys	Soap shoes continue to sluggishly regain popularity although not without difficulty due to Heelys using grindplates in addition to their wheels .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Florida National Guard	Florida	Today St. Francis Barracks also known as the State Arsenal is home to the Headquarters Florida National Guard headed by the Army or Air Force officer serving as The Adjutant General ( TAG ) of Florida and the TAG's associated staff .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Canada	Brian Mulroney	The case also has affected Canada where Schreiber is awaiting extradition while a public inquiry evaluates his dealings with former Prime Minister Brian Mulroney .
org:members(e2,e1)	Memphis Maniax	XFL	He played for the Dallas Cowboys of the NFL and the Memphis Maniax of the XFL .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Carlile	Columbia	Carlile 's album which is on the major label Columbia Records suits a music industry in transition ; she's an artist who does n't fit in with one scene or trend at a time long-held categories are fast becoming irrelevant .
no_relation	He	Torre del Greco	He died at Torre del Greco in the province of Naples in 1959 .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	South Korean	Kim Dae-jung	In June 2000 then South Korean President Kim Dae-jung paid a historic visit to Pyongyang and held the first-ever inter-Koran summit with Kim Jong-il .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Cameroon	Paul Biya	YAOUNDE -- Cameroon President Paul Biya on Tuesday named Philemon Yang as the new prime minister of the country in government reshuffle efforts state radio said .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Navy	Donald C. Winter	DDG-112 was named Michael Murphy by Secretary of the Navy Donald C. Winter on 7 May 2008 and her keel was laid down on 18 June 2010 .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Ackerman	Windham Hill	Although in later years critics would single out Ackerman 's records ( especially Childhood and Memory ) and De Grassi's first record the album that gained Windham Hill Records notice was the 1980 recording by George Winston Autumn .
no_relation	Sydney	couple pics	Yesterday we saw pictures of Kylie Minogue making her way into the Sydney Children's Hospital in Randwick down in Australia and today we have a couple pics of Kylie inside the hospital spending time with the sick children there : .
per:country_of_birth(e1,e2)	Rui En	Singapore	Rui En is the theme song singer for The Community Chest of Singapore .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	chain	Australia	The chain now has stores all around Australia and in New Zealand's largest cities .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	Lincoln	Little Rock	I am the rope in the tug of war folks Lincoln told supporters in Little Rock last week .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	his	BSP	After his second mandate Parvanov says he is going to return in BSP beginning a leadership debate although he does not prepare himself for party positions .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Lukoil	Moscow	Lukoil bought 42.5 million or 5 percent of its own American Depository Receipts as part of a strategy to raise shareholder returns through a share buyback from the market the Moscow - based company said in a statement on Sunday .
org:top_members/employees(e1,e2)	The Real News	Paul Jay	The Real News senior editor Paul Jay and head of the Center for Constitutional Rights ( CCR ) Michael Ratner discuss the demolishment of peoples ' constitutional rights and civil liberties .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Iowa State University	IA	_____________________ * Wednesday ** * * September 26th * Iowa State University * Sun Room Memorial Union * * Ames IA * * 8 : ** 00 ** PM * .
per:cities_of_residence(e2,e1)	Paris	Guy de Rothschild	He first taught literature at the Henri IV in Paris until hired in 1953 by Guy de Rothschild to work at Rothschild .
org:top_members/employees(e2,e1)	Gusty Spence	UVF	Gusty Spence Hugh McClean and Robert Williamson from the UVF shot four barmen they presumed were IRA men .
no_relation	York Foundation	1990	The York Foundation was a professional wrestling heel stable in that worked in World Championship Wrestling between 1990 and 1992 .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Bowdoin College	Brunswick	He served as overseer of Bowdoin College Brunswick Maine from 1811 to 1817 and was a trustee of the college from 1817 to 1836 .
org:members(e2,e1)	Democratic Action Party	Pakatan Rakyat	He is the National Vice-Chairman of Democratic Action Party ( DAP ) in the Pakatan Rakyat opposition coalition .
org:top_members/employees(e2,e1)	Visakhapatnam	Andhra Pradesh	General Council Prof. A. Lakshminath Hon ble Chancellor Damodaram Sanjivayya National Law University Visakhapatnam Prof. R.G.B. Bhagavath Kumar Vice-Chancellor Damodaram Sanjivayya National Law University Visakhapatnam Hon ble Sri Justice G. Raghuram Judge High Court of Andhra Pradesh Hyderabad .
org:members(e1,e2)	Chinese Super League	Shandong Luneng	Following are the Chinese Super League soccer results on Saturday : Changchun Yatai lost to Beijing Guo'an 0-1 Shanghai Shenhua bt Hangzhou Lvcheng 2-1 Played on Friday Shandong Luneng bt Chongqing Lifan 3-0 Henan Jianye lost to Liaoning Hongyun 0-2 .
org:alternate_names(e1,e2)	University of Massachusetts	UMass	The paper comes from a team led by scientists at Harvard University the Broad Institute of Harvard and MIT University of Massachusetts ( UMass ) Medical School and the Massachusetts Institute of Technology .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Chiang Ching-kuo	Taiwan	Chiang Hsiao-wen ( ; also known as Alan Chiang ; December 1935 April 14 1989 ) was the eldest son of Chiang Ching-kuo the President of the Republic of China in Taiwan from 1978 to 1988 .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Ma Ying-jeou	Kuomintang	On May 20 2008 Ma Ying-jeou arose as the victor in 2008 Presidential Elections which also saw his Kuomintang party increase its majority in the legislature as the public became disillusioned with the misrule and money-laundering of the Democratic Progressive Party led by former President Chen Shui-Bian .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Vintage High School	Napa	Graduated from Vintage High School in Napa CA in 2004 and was named the team MVP and was a First Team all-league selection .
no_relation	It	Andong	It is located in the city center of Andong City North Gyeongsang province South Korea .
org:founded_by(e1,e2)	Davey Tree Expert Company	Kent	In 1901 he published his theories on tree surgery with his book The Tree Doctor and later established the Davey Tree Expert Company in 1909 which led to Kent becoming known as The Tree City .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	Doane College	Tigers	Doane College athletic teams nicknamed the Tigers are part of the National Association of Intercollegiate Athletics ( NAIA ) primarily competing in the Great Plains Athletic Conference ( GPAC ) .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	Borregaard	Orkla Group	After a takeover in 1986 Borregaard was part of the chemical division of the Orkla Group until it was spun off and introduced to the Oslo Stock Exchange in October 2012 .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	ABU	Northern Nigeria	ABU had been founded to be the University of Northern Nigeria .
no_relation	Tampa	USF	With campuses in Tampa St. Petersburg Sarasota - Manatee and Lakeland the USF System serves more than students in more than 232 degree programs on the undergraduate master specialist and doctoral levels including the doctor of medicine .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Benito Mussolini	Empire	It was named after the conquest of Ethiopia by Benito Mussolini and his proclamation of the Italian Empire .
org:members(e1,e2)	EuroHockey Nations Championship	Germany	She later played in the 2009 Women's EuroHockey Nations Championship semi final defeat to Germany .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Epic	Randell	Epic Records also released it in the US Randell shot a colour video for Ciao Baby which is believed to be the first by an Australian artist .
org:alternate_names(e1,e2)	Socialist Party	Partido Socialista	After the approval of the Ammandment No. 1 of the Constitution of Venezuela in 2009 which abolished term limits ; incumbent Hugo representing the United Socialist Party of Venezuela ( Partido Socialista Unido de Venezuela PSUV ) was able to present himself again as a candidate after his reelection in 2006 .
no_relation	Western Pipe and Steel Company	M. W. Jackson	Cavalier was reclassified APA-37 1 February 1943 ; launched 15 March 1943 by the Western Pipe and Steel Company San Francisco California ; sponsored by Mrs. M. W. Jackson ; acquired 19 July 1943 ; fitted out as an attack transport by Bethlehem Steel Co. Hoboken New Jersey ; and commissioned 15 January 1944 Captain R. T. Mc-Elliott USCG in command .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	 by th	Taipei City	On March 21 1996 the road in front of the Presidential Building was renamed from Long Live Chiang Kai-shek Road ( ) to Ketagalan Boulevard ( P_m by th en-mayor of Taipei City 44; Chen Shui-bian to commemorate this tribe .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	Anthony Jackson	London	Michael Anthony Jackson ( born 1936 ) is a British computer scientist and independent computing consultant in London England .
per:cities_of_residence(e2,e1)	Belgrade	?eljko Joksimovi	The second Serbian entry performed in Belgrade was written by past entrant for Serbia as part of Serbia and Montenegro and contest host ?eljko Joksimovi ?
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Sierra Leone national football team	Sierra Leone	The Sierra Leone national football team nicknamed the Leone Stars is the national team of Sierra Leone and is controlled by the Sierra Leone Football Association .
per:alternate_names(e1,e2)	Dana Hill	Dana Lynne Goetz	Dana Hill ( born Dana Lynne Goetz ; May 6 1964 July 15 1996 ) was an American actress and voice actress with a raspy voice whose childlike appearance limited her to playing adolescent roles into her thirties .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Jim Talent	Missouri	Nine of the 17 targeted Republican senators did not sign Hagel's letter : Sens. Mitch McConnell of Kentucky Christopher Kit Bond and Jim Talent of Missouri Conrad Burns of Montana Mike DeWine of Ohio Lamar Alexander of Tennessee Olympia Snowe of Maine Lincoln Chafee of Rhode Island and George Allen of Virginia .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	The Prodigy	Cooking Vinyl	Ragged Flag is a record label founded in 2007 by members of the band The Prodigy and backed by the Cooking Vinyl Group .
org:members(e2,e1)	Central Philippine University	Jaro District	The University Church Central Philippine University commonly referred as University Church UC or CPU Church is located on the main campus of the Central Philippine University Jaro District Iloilo City Philippines .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Francesco Cossiga	Italy	Italian says 9-11 solved : It proves the involvement of CIA and Mossad in 9/11 incident Former Italian President Francesco Cossiga who revealed the existence of Operation Gladio has told Italy oldest and most widely read newspaper that the 9-11 terrorist attacks were run by the CIA and Mossad and that this was common knowledge among global intelligence agencies .
per:alternate_names(e1,e2)	Constans	Constantine	Constans is a diminutive nickname given to the Emperor who had been baptized Herakleios and reigned officially as Constantine .
org:members(e2,e1)	University of Northern Colorado	Division I	The University of Northern Colorado moved to Division I after an analysis revealed the university was spending nearly as much on sports as comparable Division I universities .
org:top_members/employees(e1,e2)	Panasonic	Seiichiro Sano	Panasonic President Fumio Ohtsubo and Sanyo President Seiichiro Sano shook hands at a news conference in Osaka monitored by satellite TV in Tokyo underlining their willingness to negotiate Panasonic's acquisition of Sanyo .
org:founded_by(e2,e1)	Tobias Eigen	Kabissa	The founder of the organization is Tobias Eigen who led Kabissa together with Kimberly Lowery from 2002-2007 .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Kenya	Jomo Kenyatta	The ICC alleged Wednesday that Kenya 's Finance Minister Uhuru Kenyatta and son of Kenya's founding leader Jomo Kenyatta Industrialization Minister Henry Kosgey former Higher Education Minister William Ruto and former police chief Mohammed Hussein Ali were among those behind the country's post election violence which killed over people and displaced others .
org:founded_by(e2,e1)	John Sykes	Sykes Enterprises	John Sykes founder and former CEO of Tampa's Sykes Enterprises has enjoyed a prosperous and successful career building a call - center business that's now run by his son Chuck Sykes .
org:top_members/employees(e2,e1)	Olivia White	Hood College	She lived to see the country change said Olivia White dean of students at Hood College in Frederick and one of the hundreds of members of the Delta Sigma Theta sorority who filled the pews _ along with President Barack Obama first lady Michelle Obama Vice President Joe Biden House Speaker Nancy Pelosi D-Calif. and others well-known and unknown .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	Humboldt State University	California State University	Arcata is the site of Humboldt State University the northernmost campus of the 23-campus California State University system .
org:city_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Madrid	Endesa	The Gas Natural bid had been suspended by the Madrid commercial court -- at Endesa 's request -- after the Catalan group promised to sell Endesa assets worth 8.0 billion euros to Spanish peer Iberdrola if it succeeded with its bid .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	Prowse	Bristol	Prowse was brought up on the Southmead housing estate in Bristol winning a scholarship to Bristol Grammar School .
per:origin(e1,e2)	Cassidy	American	Cassidy Sage Lehrman ( born in Seattle January 26 1992 ) is an American actress .
no_relation	Perth	Heath	His father Kim Ledger who returned to Perth from Los Angeles with Heath 's mother Sally Ledger Bell and sister Kate has described his actor son's death as an accidental passing .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Records	Sheryl Crow	Early Career In 1990 Randy started at Records as VP of Promotions where he worked with Janet Jackson Sheryl Crow Soundgarden and Bryan Adams .
no_relation	El Diario-La Prensa	O Estado de S. Paulo	Provided an independent and nonpartisan voice analyzing the role of the Latino vote in such media as the New York Times Washington Post El Diario-La Prensa Shimbun Yumiori Newspaper ( Japan ) CNN CNN en O Estado de S. Paulo ( Brazil ) Univision Telemundo Radio Bilingue Politico Hispanic Link Spanglish Magazine El Nuevo Dia ( Puerto Rico ) Hofstra University Radio National Public Radio ( NPR ) Hispanic Market Weekly XM Radio the New Jersey Network and even Comedy Central Colbert Report among others .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	RHB Capital	Malaysia	RHB Capital is the fourth largest local banking group in Malaysia with its RHB Islamic Bank ranked as the sixth largest Islamic Bank in Asia .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	United Nations Monitoring Verification and Inspection Commission	Hans Blix	The Iraq Survey Group replaced the United Nations inspections teams ( the United Nations Monitoring Verification and Inspection Commission ( UNMOVIC ) led by Hans Blix ) and from the International Atomic Energy Agency ( led by Mohamed ElBaradei ) which had been mandated by the UN Security Council to search for illegal weapons before the conflict ( See Iraq disarmament crisis ) .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	He	France	He served as Prime Minister of France in 1952 .
per:alternate_names(e2,e1)	Ron Braunstein	Necro	Among its members were brothers William and Ron Braunstein who would soon after the band's breakup pursue hardcore hip hop careers as Ill Bill and Necro respectively and drummer Mike Palmeri who would later join alternative metal band Life of Agony and later leave the group following its signing with Roadrunner Records .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	Communications and Electronics Branch	Canadian Forces	The majority of soldiers within the squadron came from the Communications and Electronics Branch of the Canadian Forces .
org:alternate_names(e1,e2)	Central Intelligence Agency	CIA	A New York Times report said that a top Central Intelligence Agency ( CIA ) official confronted senior Pakistani officials with evidence showing that the Inter-Services Intelligence ( ISI ) agency have links with some militant groups which are responsible for increasing violence in Afghanistan .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Boston Grammar School	Lincolnshire	He had attended Boston Grammar School and later trained in medicine at the hospital at Boston Lincolnshire .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	They Might Be Giants	John Flansburgh	In 1990 Throttle magazine interviewed They Might Be Giants and clarified the meaning of the song Ana Ng : John Flansburgh said Ng is a Vietnamese name .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Pete Wentz	Fueled by Ramen	In late March 2006 Lifetime signed onto Decaydance Pete Wentz 's imprint of Fueled by Ramen Records with the statement : Pete and Decaydance are giving us an opportunity to the make the record we want to make while still staying in control of our music and our lives .
org:founded(e1,e2)	National Post	1998	Clement has been the daily political cartoonist for Canada's National Post in Toronto since the newspaper's launch in 1998 .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Chiang Ching-kuo	Kuomintang	1976 : Chiang Ching-kuo chairman of the Kuomintang Central Committee urges members to strengthen their anti-Communist spirit to face danger improve their service to the people and lead an industrious frugal and simple wartime life .
org:alternate_names(e2,e1)	RAF Germany	No. 1 Group RAF	It was reformed 1 April 1993 by renaming RAF Germany and was then disbanded on 1 April 1996 with absorption into No. 1 Group RAF .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	United States	Thomas Jefferson High School	His parents Thomas and Marina Ladis emigrated to the United States when Ladis was a small boy and settled in Richmond Virginia where he graduated from Thomas Jefferson High School .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Navy	Donald C. Winter	She was launched on 7 May 2010 and christened on 12 June sponsored by Linda Winter wife of former Navy Secretary Donald C. Winter .
org:founded_by(e2,e1)	Huang Guangyu	Gome Electrical Appliances	According to media reports Xu is also being probed for links to Huang Guangyu formerly China's second-richest man and the founder of Gome Electrical Appliances one of the nation's largest home retailers .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	United Nations	IRIN	As early as 2004 the United Nations IRIN news service reported on the challenges involved in AIDS-HIV treatment and education in Iraq .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Guinea	Ahmed	The other colonies chose the former but Guinea under the leadership of Ahmed whose Democratic Party of Guinea ( PDG ) had won 56 of 60 seats in 1957 territorial elections voted overwhelmingly for independence .
org:founded_by(e2,e1)	John D. Rockefeller	Standard Oil	However Tarbell's interviews with Rogers formed the basis for her negative of the business practices of industrialist John D. Rockefeller and the massive Standard Oil organization .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Brian Viloria	Hawaii	Edgar Sosa ( 27-5 ) of Mexico City won the 12th and final round to claim the vacant WBC light flyweight over former Olympian Brian Viloria ( 19-2 ) of Hawaii .
per:country_of_birth(e2,e1)	Japan	f Empress Kj	In Japan was initially commemorated during the Shwa period as the birthday o f Empress Kj un ( mother of Emperor Akihito ) on 6 March .
per:cities_of_residence(e2,e1)	London	William Lloyd Webber	In 1953 Andry won a British Council bursary and moved to London to study with the composer William Lloyd Webber and work with the conductors Sir Adrian Boult and Walter Goehr .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	Imperial College Healthcare NHS Trust	Charing Cross Hospital	Since the UK's first academic health science centre was created in 2008 it is operated by Imperial College Healthcare NHS Trust which also operates Charing Cross Hospital Hammersmith Hospital Queen Charlotte's and Chelsea Hospital Teddington Memorial Hospital and Western Eye Hospital ; and runs some services at St Charles Hospital in Ladbroke Grove .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Maurice White	Chicago	It's noted for including a young Stanley Clarke of ( then ) Return to Forever on a couple of tracks as well as drummer Fred White brother to Earth Wind Fire's Maurice White ( who worked with Hathaway in Chicago in the early days ) .
org:alternate_names(e2,e1)	Kadokawa Shoten	Comp Ace	A manga adaptation illustrated by Kurumi Morisaki was serialized in Kadokawa Shoten 's seinen manga magazine Comp Ace between September 26 and November 26 2008 compiling three chapters .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	USDOT	Federal Aviation Administration	According to the spokesman of the USDOT the airline had utilised an aircraft which the Federal Aviation Administration had ordered to be grounded on flights to New York City and Baltimore on 24 and 26 July respectively .
org:members(e2,e1)	BJP-led National Democratic Alliance	PMK	In the BJP-led National Democratic Alliance ( NDA ) Ministry headed by Vajpayee ( 1999 2004 ) the DMK the MDMK and the PMK all had representatives .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	John Adams	United States	Abigail Smith Adams [ 1744-1818 ] the wife of John Adams our Second President of the United States was also a descendant of Henry de Beaufort .
per:spouse(e2,e1)	Albert Roberts	Shannon	On May 11 1941 Shannon's husband Albert Roberts and a fellow studio worker returned from a fishing trip to find Shannon dead in their North Hollywood apartment .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	France	Havas	To catch up with its rivals notably France 's leading ad agency Publicis Havas said it wanted to boost its performance in emerging market countries which are likely to account for 10 percent of sales this year .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	CITIC	China	One of Pa's puppet directors Wang Xiangfei was previously a director of the China Everbright Group and currently is a non-executive director of China International Trust and Investment Company ( CITIC Group ) both state-owned companies in the People's Republic of China .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Japanese	P. Laurel	Note that the presidents under the Commonwealth of the Philippines were under United States sovereignty and that the president of the Second Republic is considered to have been running a puppet government of the Japanese during World War II although this puppet government of P. Laurel during the Japanese occupation was officially considered independent by the Japanese .
per:title(e2,e1)	Interior	Harold L. Ickes	Finally in 1942 Interior Secretary Harold L. Ickes repealed the toll .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Jomo Kenyatta	Kenya	The university was started in 1981 as Jomo Kenyatta College of Agriculture and Technology ( JKCAT ) a middle-level college by the government of Kenya with the assistance from the Japanese government .
per:alternate_names(e2,e1)	King	James I of Scotland	In 1425 the castle was attacked by James the Fat youngest son of Murdoch Stewart Duke of Albany who had been imprisoned by King James I of Scotland on charges of treason .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Hartford College for Women	Connecticut	Additionally beginning in 1947 he taught English at Hartford College for Women in Hartford Connecticut until the late 1980s .
per:origin(e2,e1)	Syria	Bashar al-Assad	It describes itself as neither pro- or anti-government but says while it opposes wrongdoing it functions under the umbrella of Syria the homeland and President Bashar al-Assad It fielded three candidates in Damascus Governorate in the Syrian parliamentary election 2012 although contested the results claiming that the vote had been marred by irregularities and fraud .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Joey Tempest	Europe	The season's first guest judge was Joey Tempest from rock band Europe .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	East India Company	Haileybury and Imperial Service College	Smith passed through the training college of the East India Company at Haileybury and Imperial Service College in 1807 and started his service in India in 1811 .
org:alternate_names(e2,e1)	New Zealand	Massey University	The finding comes from an international team of researchers in respiratory medicine including New Zealand Massey University clinical pharmacology lecturer Dr. Felix Ram .
no_relation	Tadi?	f Defenc	Prior to his presidency Tadi? ?served as the last Minister of Telecommunications of the Federal Republic of Yugoslavia and as the first Minister o f Defenc e of Serbia and Montenegro .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Tebbit	State for Trade and Industry	After the election Tebbit announced his retirement from the government and Young was promoted to Secretary of State for Trade and Industry .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	Seema	London	Seema Desai an analyst at the Eurasia Group in London said Kasab's assertions could increase tensions between India and Pakistan .
org:alternate_names(e2,e1)	MOH	Ministry of Health	The real extent of the tragedy remains unknown and HIV estimates range from below ( MOH ) to above one million ( Dr. Gao Yaojie ) United Nations report ( MOH = Ministry of Health of China ) Dong Dong The Discourse of HIV/AIDS in China : News Construction and Representation of the Chinese HIV Blood Scandal ( 1998-2002 ) Annual Meeting of the International Communication Association New Orleans Sheraton New Orleans May 27 2004 .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Jim DeMint	South Carolina	Faced with Reid's deadline on Thursday some Republicans -- led by Sens. Jim DeMint of South Carolina and Jeff Sessions of Alabama -- blocked the Senate from considering even Republican amendments and called for much more debate than Democrats would accept .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	He	California	He organized the California Historical Landmarks League and was its chairman from 1902 to 1906 .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Cambodia	Hun Sen	While red-shirt protests are being held in Bangkok aiming to topple the current government of Abhisit Vejjajiva Cambodia 's Prime Minister Hun Sen told all Cambodian workers working in Thailand on Monday not to join the rally or they will become the victims .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Aristide Briand	France	In 1921 in Washington while taking part in a world disarmament conference he was noticed by Aristide Briand the then-Prime Minister of France who recruited him as his assistant .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Yedioth Ahronoth	Israel	Local daily Yedioth Ahronoth reported on its website that Israel is mulling the possibility of hosting such a five-way peace summit to discuss ways to revive the long-stalled peace process .
per:cities_of_residence(e2,e1)	Baltimore	Jane	According to the biography in Baltimore County Women 1930-1975 listed below Jane had previously been working as a commercial artist for department stores and advertising agencies but she gave up her career in commercial art for marriage and a family ( p. 16 ) .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	National Disasters Management Institute	Mozambique	The Mozambican government's relief agency the National Disasters Management Institute ( INGC ) has assisted people in central and northern Mozambique who were victims of storms and flooding over the past ten days .
no_relation	Brian Littrell	Contemporary	Brian Littrell from the Backstreet Boys goes Contemporary Christian .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Pakistan	f Nawaz Shari	Much of the earlier political bipolarity in Pakistan was based on public emotion radiating from the PPP ?s first rule associated with nationalisation and the subsequent emergence of the PML o f Nawaz Shari f under the protection of General Zia ul Haq and his Islamisation .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	States	Walker	In a secret ballot on 5 December 2005 the States ' assembly elected Walker to be the first Chief Minister in Jersey history by 38 votes to Syvret's 14 .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	London Buses	London	London Buses route 463 is a Transport for London contracted bus route in London United Kingdom .
org:top_members/employees(e2,e1)	Hugo Gernsback	Wonder Stories	In 1934 Hugo Gernsback editor of the then-prominent science fiction magazine Wonder Stories established a correspondence club for fans called the Science Fiction League .
per:title(e2,e1)	magician	david copperfield	IS HE the new maskedmagician in tv under valentbinos cool idea spder man mask idea every kid i know wants the spider man masked magician mask even for halloweeen too and even my nieaces andnefus and children at my church want a masked magician spiderman mask :) maybe david copperfield stage illusionist says if you can not beat them join them :) or johnathen pendragon rick tomas penn and teller valintino franz harary criss angel mondays at9 :00 pm/8centeral even cool misionarries like the masked magician wow cool :) i let them know that anyone is able to do these props its the performer that maskes it magical :) .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Ohio	Ohio State University	On August 24 2010 Ohio Governor Ted Strickland joined The Public Service Enterprise Group Ohio State University President Dr. E. Gordon Gee and other local leaders to open the solar facility .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Nawaz Sharif	Pakistan	Khan was referred as Baba-e-Muslim League by Nawaz Sharif due to his lifelong services in politics of Pakistan .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Jamaica Defence Force	Up Park Camp	In September 2008 it was announced that as part of this development Jamaica's military the Jamaica Defence Force ( JDF ) was to be moved to Vernam Field from its historic city centre site at Up Park Camp in Kingston .
no_relation	Transportation Department	Air Canada	The Transportation Department also approved a separate joint venture between Continental and Star members United Lufthansa and Air Canada for trans-Atlantic service .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Blix	International Atomic Energy Agency	Blix headed the International Atomic Energy Agency from 1981 to 1997 and was named in 2000 to run the UN commission tasked with eliminating Iraqi weapons of mass destruction after Saddam's defeat in the 1991 Gulf War over Kuwait .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Christian and Missionary Alliance	New York	Alliance Theological Seminary is an evangelical Christian seminary affiliated with Nyack College and the Christian and Missionary Alliance located in Nyack New York .
no_relation	Bra?o	r Liga	Before signing to Bra?o v Roman was linked with othe r Liga I clubs such as FC Vaslui and O?elul Gala?i .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Nebraska Kansas Colorado Railway	Nebraska	The Nebraska Kansas Colorado Railway formerly the Nebraska Kansas and Colorado RailNet is based in Grant NE and operates about of track in Southwestern Nebraska Northern Kansas and Northeastern Colorado .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	f Serbi	r Mi?	Dejanovi? is the second woman at the head of the National Assembly o f Serbi a afte r Mi? i? who was President of Parliament 2001-2004 and the first one in the independent Serbia .
org:alternate_names(e2,e1)	Western Kentucky University	Western Kentucky Hilltoppers	For college he attended Western Kentucky University where he played for the Western Kentucky Hilltoppers football team .
per:origin(e2,e1)	American	George Strait	Chill of an Early Fall is a 1991 album by American country music singer George Strait .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Chamber	Nilde Iotti	She was elected to the Italian Chamber of Deputies in 1999 succeeding Nilde Iotti and was reconfirmed as a representative in 2001 for the Democrats of the Left in the Marche .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Democratic Party	Albert Ho	The Democratic Party 's chairman Albert Ho said the majority of its members agreed that their nine lawmakers should support the revised plan .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Pakistan	ex-PM Sharif	Pakistan court acquits ex-PM Sharif .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	ACLU	Kansas	Media contact : Dan Winter Executive Director or Donnie Morehouse Associate Director ACLU of Kansas and Western Missouri .
org:top_members/employees(e2,e1)	Steven T. DeKosky	University of Virginia School of Medicine	As for the link with infections Dr. Steven T. DeKosky an Alzheimer's researcher who is vice president and dean of the University of Virginia School of Medicine noted that scientists have long looked for evidence linking infections to Alzheimer's and have come up mostly empty-handed .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Interior	Giuliano Amato	The very important operation has decapitated a jihadist network that operates across Europe . . with the aim of preparing men to send to the Iraqi and Afghan theatres Interior Minister Giuliano Amato told a news conference in Rome .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	VMA-211	United States	Marine Attack Squadron 211 ( VMA-211 ) is a United States Marine Corps attack squadron consisting of AV-8B Harrier ( V/STOL ) jets .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e2,e1)	California	John V. Tunney	Hayakawa was elected in California to the United States Senate as a Republican in 1976 defeating incumbent Democrat John V. Tunney .
no_relation	South Africa national baseball team	1	In the 2006 World Baseball Classic Smith served as the pitching coach of the South Africa national baseball team which was given to 1 odds of winning the tournament .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	El Salvador	Antonio Saca	It was widely suspected that the killings were politically motivated a theory lent weight by the president of El Salvador Elias Antonio Saca himself a member of Arena .
per:title(e1,e2)	Matthew Weiner	producer	Ratings are a very complex thing in the modern day said Matthew Weiner executive producer of Mad Men who wrote the pilot script in his spare time while toiling as a writer for the CBS sitcom Becker .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	SAARC	Kathmandu	As climate change has become the hot issue globally the upcoming SAARC summit is also adopting this agenda as its major priority according to a high level official at the SAARC secretariat in Nepali capital Kathmandu .
no_relation	Western	Preston Manning	Most of its Western members moved onto the ideologically similar Reform Party of Canada founded by Preston Manning the son of Alberta's former Social Credit premier Ernest Manning .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Mike Rann	South Australia	Mike Rann premier of South Australia state made the announcement Wednesday hours ahead of the American's planned media conference in New York to announce details of his comeback .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	MEWF	Baltimore	Later during the year he wrestled the Cat Burglar and at the MEWF 's Winter Warfare supercard Extreme Championship Wrestling's Jason Knight in Baltimore .
no_relation	Massachusetts	Knox	In 1975 the marker locations between Kinderhook New York and Alford Massachusetts were updated after new research found Knox did not pass through Claverack New York .
org:founded(e1,e2)	Kaiser Aluminum	1946	Kaiser founded Kaiser Aluminum in 1946 with the lease and eventual purchase of three aluminum facilities from the United States government .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	Andrew Young School of Policy Studies	Georgia State University	She also lectured on the Indonesian economy as visiting professor at the Andrew Young School of Policy Studies at the Georgia State University .
org:members(e2,e1)	Mustangs	Conference USA	Since the 2005 college football season the Mustangs have competed in the West Division of Conference USA ( C-USA ) .
org:top_members/employees(e2,e1)	Susan Hockfield	Massachusetts Institute of Technology	In 2004 Provost Susan Hockfield became the President of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology .
org:alternate_names(e2,e1)	152	RAF Fassberg	It was renamed first Airfield B 152 and later RAF Fassberg .
org:founded_by(e2,e1)	Gary	eclipse	He was previously CEO chairman and co-founder ( with brother Gary ) of eclipse Software a major software publishing firm that produced such hit titles as Myst Where in the World is Carmen Sandiego ?
org:founded_by(e2,e1)	Joss Whedon	Mutant Enemy Productions	TV producer and writer Joss Whedon allegedly named his production company Mutant Enemy Productions after the line in this song .
per:alternate_names(e2,e1)	he	his	From an early age he was an avid outdoorsman who dedicated a large portion of his time to hiking and backpacking through the wooded hills of Indiana Hoosier National Forest and other nearby wilderness areas .
org:top_members/employees(e2,e1)	Rodolfo Graziani	Italian Army	Benito Mussolini and his Defense Minister Marshal Rodolfo Graziani wanted to create for their Italian Social Republic ( RSI ) an Italian Army independent from German control .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Ohio	Sherrod Brown	Ohio Democrat Sen. Sherrod Brown supports the bill which has a provision providing funds to help communities rehab vacant houses in foreclosure to prevent neighborhood blight .
org:members(e2,e1)	Cornell Big Red	Division I	The Cornell Big Red women's ice hockey program will represent Cornell University during the 2012 13 NCAA Division I women's ice hockey season .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	England	M.I.A.	The two also toured together in England from 2000 2001 staying with Justine Frischmann of Elastica and M.I.A. Feist appeared as a guest vocalist on The Teaches of Peaches .
no_relation	Quebec	Cogeco	On December 17 2010 the CRTC approved the sale of most of Corus Entertainment stations in Quebec including CJRC-FM to Cogeco .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e2,e1)	Florida	Jessicka	Jack Off Jill was an American rock band from Ft. Lauderdale Florida founded in 1992 by surname-free singer Jessicka Tenni Arslanyan Robin Moulder and Michelle Oliver ( Inhell ) .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	He	Canada	He was Canadian High Commissioner to the United Kingdom from 1883 to 1896 and Prime Minister of Canada in 1896 .
per:cities_of_residence(e2,e1)	Mexico City	Diego Rivera	de los Dolores Olmedo y Suarez ( December 14 1908 July 26 2002 ; Mexico City ) was a Mexican businesswoman philanthropist and musician better known for her friendship with Mexican painters Frida Kahlo and her husband Diego Rivera ; she appeared on some of his paintings .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Paris	Jacques Chirac	Jean-Bernard Raimond ( born 6 February 1926 in Paris ) is a conservative French politician who served as Foreign Minister in the government of Jacques Chirac from 1986 to 1988 as French ambassador to a number of states from the 1970s to the 1990s and as a deputy in the French National Assembly from 1993 to 2002 .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	Government of Western Australia	Department of Environment and Conservation	Developed by the Government of Western Australia 's Department of Environment and Conservation it is used extensively within the department including the Western Australian Herbarium .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e2,e1)	Indiana	Joseph Jackson	Randy was born in Gary Indiana to Joseph Jackson and Katherine Jackson .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Dan	Black Mark	The album was recorded by Dan in Unisound Studios Sweden in July 1994 and released in 1994 by Black Mark Productions .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Clark	Opposition	After Labour's strong showing in the 1993 election Clark challenged the Labour leadership of Mike Moore and won becoming the Leader of the Opposition .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e2,e1)	Kentucky	Arthur B. Hancock	Bred in Kentucky by Thomas T. Tatham's Oak Cliff Thoroughbreds Ltd. who also bred Sunday Silence he was foaled and raised at Arthur B. Hancock III's Stone Farm .
no_relation	University Health Network	Centre for Addiction and Mental Health	The 2.5 kilometer square district is home to one of the largest concentrations of research institutions in the world including Donnelly Centre for Cellular and Bio-Molecular Research the new Leslie Dan Faculty of Pharmacy MaRS the Ontario Institute for Cancer Research the Samuel Lunenfeld Research Institute of Mount Sinai Hospital St. Michael Hospital Sunnybrook Research Institute SickKids The Hospital for Sick Children Research Institute University Health Network ( UHN ) Research the Centre for Addiction and Mental Health the University of Toronto the Faculty of Nursing University of Toronto Women College Hospital Ryerson University and York University .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Sergei Bagapsh	Russia	Abkhazia is ending all contacts with Georgia due to Tbilisi's policy of state terrorism said Sergei Bagapsh Abkhazia's de facto leader quoted by Russia 's Interfax news agency .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Simone Veil	European Parliament	Simone Veil was then elected as the first female president of European Parliament and served on that position until 1982 .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Jiwaji University	Gwalior	Mitra studied medicine and did postgraduate studies in orthopedic surgery at the Gajara Raja Medical College Jiwaji University Gwalior India .
per:origin(e2,e1)	German	Jonathan Meese	While the German artist Jonathan Meese delivers a sometimes funny sometimes tedious performance in a video recorded last year in Santa Fe his type of wild-child antics have become all too familiar in the professional art world thanks to artists like Paul McCarthy and John Bock .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	Dell	Alienware	With the launch of one system this is n't exactly Dell 's acquisition of Alienware but it's an exciting start .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Kadhafi	United States	But the relationship has cooled in recent years notably because Museveni has more or less dismissed Kadhafi 's United States of Africa which foresees a single government for the entire continent .
no_relation	Sheridan	Polydor	Sheridan continued performing in Hamburg at the same club for a number of years but eventually Polydor dropped him as a recording artist .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Suharto	Indonesia	Suharto steered Indonesia from being a fractious economic backwater to an icon of development but has also been accused of being one of the 20th century's worst kleptocrats by amassing billions of dollars for himself his family and cronies while in power .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Canadian Forces	Canada	He praised the Canadian Forces members in fighting the Taliban in Afghanistan protecting ships from pirates off the coast of Somalia patrolling Canada 's North to protect our sovereignty or helping reconstruction efforts in earthquake-ravaged Haiti .
org:top_members/employees(e2,e1)	Phyllis Schlafly	Eagle Forum	Landry also was endorsed by Phyllis Schlafly 's Eagle Forum political action committee .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Pete Domenici	New Mexico	department officials lied to cover up calls from Senator Pete Domenici and other New Mexico Republicans made just before and after the 2006 election seeking to have New Mexico's US attorney David Iglesias fired .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Shaukat Aziz	Pakistan	This was disclosed by CEO Asia Financial Holdings Francis A Rozario who called on Pakistani Prime Minister Shaukat Aziz in Islamabad on Thursday according to Associated Press of Pakistan and Radio Pakistan .
no_relation	Anjunabeats	Above Beyond	Anjunabeats Volume 7 is the seventh album in the Anjunabeats Volume compilation series mixed and compiled by British Trance DJ's Above Beyond and released on 5 October 2009 .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Shanghai University	Shanghai	The Shanghai University of Political Science and Law is a public university in Shanghai China founded in 1984 .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	Eastbourne	East Sussex	Eastbourne ( ) is a large town and borough in East Sussex on the south coast of England .
no_relation	St. Louis	Chingy	Steve Blast Wills is a St. Louis Missouri born record producer and music publisher recognised for his production work for urban artists Nelly Chingy and Murphy Lee .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Venezuela	Hugo	Venezuela 's president Hugo has long been a thorn in the side of the US - a fact highlighted this week when televangelist Pat Robertson called for his assassination .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Zimbabwe Congress of Trade Unions	Zimbabwe	Khumbulani Ndlovu ( Ms ) Information Officer Zimbabwe Congress of Trade Unions P.O Box 3549 Harare Zimbabwe .
per:title(e1,e2)	Jorgenson	farmer	Born in Canora Saskatchewan the son of George Jorgenson and Hilma Naslund Jorgenson attended school at Ste-Elizabeth Manitoba and Dominion City Manitoba before becoming a farmer at Ste-Elizabeth .
org:city_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Colchester	University	Lord Butler was installed as Chancellor at a ceremony held in Colchester 's Moot Hall in 1967 and the first Honorary Degrees were presented the University 's Mace was carried for the first time while the first annual Degree Congregation saw 135 degrees conferred in July .
per:spouse(e1,e2)	McClelland	Luke Doucet	In 2011 McClelland and her husband Luke Doucet released an self-titled album under the moniker Whitehorse on Six Shooter Records .
org:alternate_names(e1,e2)	NC State Wolfpack	Wolfpack	Stan Cockerton was an All-American lacrosse player for the NC State Wolfpack men's lacrosse team from 1977 to 1980 leading the Wolfpack to its only NCAA Men's Lacrosse Championship tournament appearance in 1979 .
no_relation	James Otis	New York City	It was the first house established in the order by its founder The Rev. James Otis Sargent Huntington 20 years after he founded it after interim homes in New York City and Maryland .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	UAL Corporation	United Airlines	In 1968 the company reorganized creating UAL Corporation with United Airlines as a wholly owned subsidiary .
org:members(e2,e1)	Blazers	Conference USA	Despite several injuries and academic casualties in Davis's second year at UAB Davis led the Blazers to a 22 9 regular season record and a 2nd place finish in Conference USA .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Lebanese Armed Forces	Lebanon	In May 1991 the militias ( with the important exception of Hezbollah ) were dissolved and the Lebanese Armed Forces began to slowly rebuild themselves as Lebanon 's only major non-sectarian institution .
no_relation	Vlad	Victoria Romanova	On 25 January 2012 artists were required to attend an audition in front of a selection panel which was composed of Vlad Bahinskyj ( musical producer at NTU ) Volodymyr Kozlov ( RU Music television channel director ) Victoria Romanova ( international relations department at NTU ) and Ivo Bobul ( singer ) .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	company	EMC Corporation	The company was also acquired by EMC Corporation in 2004 for $ 625 million .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Nino	Heaven Music	After being eliminated from Fame Story Nino had many offers from various Greek labels acting as second optionners as he was bound to sign to Heaven Music the record company that had the management rights on the players of the game and which a subsidiary of Ant-1 TV airing Fame story .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Angola	Fernando da Piedade Dias dos Santos	Many of the refugees said they want to get back to Angola while others wanted to remain in Zambia Angop said At the airport President Rupiah Banda was received by Angolan Vice President Fernando da Piedade Dias dos Santos .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Robert Fico	Slovakia	Slovak Prime Minister Robert Fico pledged to his British counterpart Gordon Brown last year that Slovakia would double its troops in Afghanistan to around 500 .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Economy and Finance	Giulio Tremonti	The capital that will return to Italy will be perfectly legal or it will remain abroad Italian Minister of Economy and Finance Giulio Tremonti said on Monday .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Sonthi Boonyaratglin	Council for National Security	Soon after the explosions Gen. Sonthi Boonyaratglin army chief and chairman of the Council for National Security downplayed the attacks immediately .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	United States Air Force	121st Air Refueling Wing	The United States Air Force maintains a presence in the form of the Ohio Air National Guard's 121st Air Refueling Wing the first Air National Guard unit to fly KC-135 Stratotankers .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Haggard	Capitol	Tally label owner Lou Tally agreed to sell the recordings Haggard had made for him to Capitol which launched the long association among Haggard Nelson and Capitol that led to more than three dozen No. 1 country hits for Haggard .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Eurocypria Airlines	Cyprus	Eurocypria Airlines Limited was a charter airline with its head office in the Artemis Building in Larnaca Cyprus owned by the government of Cyprus operating mostly chartered flights .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	All India Institute of Medical Sciences	New Delhi	He has completed M.D. in General Medicine from the All India Institute of Medical Sciences New Delhi .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Oscar Temaru	French Polynesia	Independence-minded politician Oscar Temaru has been elected president of French Polynesia by the lawmakers from the Pacific archipelago's parliamentary assembly .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Craig	Idaho	Craig chaired the Senate Veterans Affairs Committee when Republicans controlled the chamber and was a senior member of the Appropriations Committee where he was adept at securing federal money for Idaho projects .
org:members(e1,e2)	Division I	Florida Atlantic University	the boys team is now coached by Brent Sunnucks a former Division I swimmer for Florida Atlantic University and the girls team is coached by Katrina Cooke they took over for Danielle Spurgeon in 2011 .
per:title(e2,e1)	President	Ilham Aliyev	Royal Jordanian Airways will operate the flights twice a week the ambassador told the press adding that the proposal on opening Baku-Amman direct flights was discussed during Azerbaijani President Ilham Aliyev 's visit to Jordan in July 2007 .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Risto Ryti	Finland	Risto Ryti the president of Finland in 1940 44 was born in Huittinen in 1889 .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Afghanistan	Mohammad Najibullah	After the withdrawal of Soviet forces from Afghanistan in 1989 and the collapse of Mohammad Najibullah 's government in 1992 the city was taken over by the Mujaheddin forces .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Turkey	Kayahan	The song was performed fifth on the night following Turkey 's Kayahan with Hapsindeyim and preceding Luxembourg's Carzo with Quand je te .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Ackerman	Windham Hill	Ackerman ran his music label Windham Hill Records for years .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Thaksin Shinawatra	Thailand	Somchai Wongsawat brother-in-law to ousted premier Thaksin Shinawatra won a majority of votes in parliament Wednesday to become Thailand 's next prime minister according to an AFP tally .
org:members(e2,e1)	Indiana Hoosiers	Indiana University	The 2006-07 Indiana Hoosiers men's basketball team represents Indiana University in the 2006 07 college basketball season .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Gego	Venezuela	Although these genres influenced her somewhat Gego tried to develop her own style and break from the popular art of Venezuela .
org:members(e1,e2)	Tech	Red Raiders	Tech baseball begins fall practice at Lubbock Christian - Sports In 2012 the Red Raiders ranked 21st among Division I baseball programs in attendance averaging per home game .
org:top_members/employees(e2,e1)	Chief Executive	SBS	Skipton has been involved in numerous controversial activities and mergers such as hiding losses made by subsidiary companies from members and the authorities through rearranging group structure ( see below ) buying core IT systems from near bankrupt software companies owned by friends of the Chief Executive of SBS without checking their status ( later having to bail them out by SBS using 10M of members ' money - see below ) breaking promises publically made by David Cutter the Chief Executive regarding tracker mortgage interest rates citing exceptional circumstances and merging with other societies where the extent of staff losses and branch closures were grossly under-estimated and promises made to staff broken .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	Army	3rd Infantry Division	Since the Northern Tayabas Campaign local troopers of the Philippine Commonwealth Army 3rd Infantry Division was retaken and found liberated in Northern Tayabas and helped the local guerrilla resistance fighter groups and the U.S. liberation military forces was attacking the Imperial Japanese troops include the Battle of Baler Battle of Casiguran Siege of Dinalungan and the Liberation of San Luis .
per:cities_of_residence(e2,e1)	Stockholm	Robyn	Between 2009 and 2011 Vanessa and Andreas Mattsson found time between other recording commitments to begin writing new songs and recording demo's in London and Stockholm later bringing in Robyn keyboardist/programmer Markus Jagerstedt to finalise production work on the second Vanessa The O's album .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	She	Puerto Rico	She studied her elementary grades at Manuel Padre Rufo School located in Del Parque Street Stop 23 in Santurce Puerto Rico .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Ivory Coast	Laurent Gbagbo	Ivory Coast President Laurent Gbagbo and Prime Minister Guillaume Soro signed a deal Tuesday to hold elections in late June 2008 at the latest Burkina Faso's foreign minister said .
per:title(e2,e1)	Prime Minister	Mahathir bin Mohamad	The title ' Tun ' is reserved for nationally important persons like the fourth Prime Minister of Malaysia Tun Mahathir bin Mohamad .
per:title(e1,e2)	Stewart	musician	Before being successful with Faces or in his solo career Stewart was recruited as a session musician for the song and paid by being bought a new set of seat covers for his car .
no_relation	California	her	In 1993 a Golden Palm Star on the Palm Springs California Walk of Stars was dedicated to her .
org:top_members/employees(e2,e1)	Michael Joseph	Safaricom	According to a WikiLeaks cable in 2006 Michael Joseph then-CEO of Safaricom Ltd allegedly struggled to cancel a contract with Huawei due to poor after-sales experience after which the Kenyan government pressured him to reinstate the contract .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e2,e1)	Quebec	Jean-Jacques Bertrand	The governing Quebec Liberal Party was led by Premier Robert Bourassa ; the official opposition Union Nationale was led by Jean-Jacques Bertrand and later by Gabriel Loubier .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Ireland	Juniper	In January 2009 Sacred Harp singing was introduced to Ireland by Dr. Juniper Hill of University College Cork spreading quickly from a class module into the wider community .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	West Virginia	Wheeling Central Catholic High School	Prior to its founding the only other Roman Catholic high schools in the Upper Ohio Valley in the state of West Virginia were Wheeling Central Catholic High School in Ohio County and Weirton Madonna High School in Hancock County .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Fielke	West Adelaide	Fielke was recruited by the West Adelaide Football Club from their SA country zone of the Riverland in 1977 at the age of 15 .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Lebanese Armed Forces	Lebanon	The Lebanese Armed Forces ' primary missions include defending Lebanon and its citizens against external aggression maintaining internal stability and security confronting threats against the country's vital interests engaging in social development activities and undertaking relief operations in coordination with public and humanitarian institutions .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Humphrey	Minnesota	From 1943 to 1944 Humphrey was a professor of political science at Macalester College in Saint Paul Minnesota where he headed the university's recently created international debate department ; a department focusing on the international politics of WWII and the creation of the United Nations .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	Schumann	Adelaide	Schumann left Redgum ( late 1985 ) due to continual pressure to tour and to spend more time with his young family in the Adelaide Hills .
org:founded_by(e1,e2)	Hum	Eric Steckler	Tim has played in four groups after Hum the electronic duo Glifted with T. J. Harrison of Love Cup Balisong a heavy rock trio with local musicians Eric Steckler and Joe Ludwinski as well as a mysterious unnamed sports rock trio with the legendary Johnny Chancellor and Mr. Franklin Wahler .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Ramush Haradinaj	Kosovo	Ramush Haradinaj the leader of the Alliance for the Future of Kosovo will appear before the U.N. war crimes tribunal in The Hague Netherlands on March 5 on charges of involvement in a criminal plot to murder rape and torture Serbs and Gypsies in the Albanian-dominated province .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	She	New York City	She is Lumbee and Tuscarora originally from Robeson County North Carolina currently residing in New York City .
per:country_of_birth(e1,e2)	He	India	He began to record music for HMV India and worked as a music director for All India Radio ( AIR ) New Delhi from February 1949 to January 1956 .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	Hawker Siddeley	A.V. Roe Canada	history goes back to 1897 but the main company was established in 1909 from an amalgamation of several companies and later became part of Hawker Siddeley Canada through the purchase by A.V. Roe Canada in 1957 .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Venezuela	Lusinchi	On 2 February 1984 he was sworn in as President of Venezuela for a five-year term.Life and career Lusinchi started his presidency at the age of 59 promising to govern with fairness transparency social sensitivity and austerity in the use of public funds presenting himself as a moderate president .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	Orion	Warner Bros.	Most ancillary rights to Orion 's back catalog from the 1978 1982 joint venture period remain with Warner Bros. including such movies as 10 ( 1979 ) Caddyshack ( 1980 ) Arthur ( 1981 ) Excalibur ( 1981 ) and Prince of the City ( 1981 ) .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Lawrenceville School	NJ	He currently holds the Independence Foundation Chair at The Lawrenceville School outside of Princeton NJ .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	California Golden Bears	Berkeley	The 1979 California Golden Bears football team represented the University of California Berkeley during the 1979 college football season .
per:spouse(e1,e2)	His	waitress	His second wife was a 23-year-old waitress from Western Australia whom he had met when she served his table at the Commercial Travellers ' Club he frequented when in Sydney .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Limited	Fraser and Neave	Frasers Centrepoint Trust ( FCT ) plans to acquire Bedok Point from Frasers Centrepoint Limited a wholly owned property unit of Fraser and Neave ( ) for S$ 127 million in Aug 2011 .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Viloria	Hawaii	Viloria a Hawaii native of Filipino ancestry known as The Hawaiian Punch held the title from September 2005 to August 2006 .
per:country_of_birth(e1,e2)	himself	Ukraine	On September 19 1676 Doroshenko surrendered to Samylovych who declared himself hetman of a united Ukraine .
org:alternate_names(e2,e1)	De La Salle University	DLSU-D	De La Salle University ( DLSU-D ) has been granted AUTONOMOUS STATUS by the Commission on Higher Education ( CHED ) after having satisfied the three major criteria namely : long tradition of integrity and untarnished reputation commitment to excellence and sustainability and viability of operations .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Nicaragua	Daniel Ortega	President of Nicaragua Daniel Ortega also claimed that Colombia was too far from San Andres to have sovereignty over these and also accused Colombia of being imperialist and expansionist .
org:founded(e2,e1)	1977	University of Houston System	In 1977 the University of Houston celebrated its 50th anniversary as the Texas Legislature established the University of Houston System a state system of higher education that includes and governs four universities .
no_relation	US Airways	Star Alliance	US Airways will exit Star Alliance upon completion of the merger and American will retain its Oneworld alliance .
no_relation	nd Koso	er Hashim	On 19 October 2012 normalisation talks mediated by the European Union began in Brussels with Serbian Prime Minister Ivica Da?i? a nd Koso vo Prime Minist er Hashim ;i where the two PMs sat at the table and initiated talks on normalising relations between Pristina and Belgrade .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	Colin MacInnes	London	Absolute Beginners ( 1986 ) a rock musical based on Colin MacInnes 's 1959 novel about London life featured Bowie's music and presented him with a minor acting role .
per:title(e2,e1)	President	Martti Ahtisaari	She is former President of Service Centre for Development Cooperation and current Member of the executive bureau of Crisis Management Initiative for which the President is Martti Ahtisaari a former President of Finland ( 1994 2000 ) and a United Nations diplomat and mediator noted for his international peace work .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Its	Greece	Its establishment greatly contributed to the decentralization of academic education in Greece .
org:top_members/employees(e1,e2)	YG Entertainment	Yang Hyun Suk	SM Entertainment Group is the Korean entertainment industry leader and Lee Soo-man's stock holdings currently amount to 200.1 billion KRW ( approximately $ 188.9 million USD ) as of the year 2013 making him the second wealthiest celebrity stockholder just after YG Entertainment Group's Yang Hyun Suk at 219.5 billion KRW ( approximately $ 206.3 million USD ) .
per:country_of_birth(e2,e1)	United States	Richard Nixon	Democratic United States Senator John F. Kennedy was elected to serve as the 35th President of the United States defeating the Republican nominee Richard Nixon who had served eight years preceding the election as Vice-President under Dwight D. Eisenhower .
org:alternate_names(e2,e1)	OfficeMax	OMX	In 1995 Kmart sold off 51 % of OfficeMax shares spinning off the company and became a NYSE - ( OMX ) - publicly-traded corporation based in Shaker Heights Ohio .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Jack Reed	Rhode Island	Hagel joined Democratic Sen. Jack Reed of Rhode Island in traveling with Obama to the Middle East .
org:top_members/employees(e1,e2)	Australian Federal Police	Mick Keelty	Australian Federal Police Commissioner Mick Keelty said Ghale was directly linked to the Bali Nine .
org:city_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Toronto	Toronto Transit Commission	Karl L. Mallette was a Toronto politician and Toronto Transit Commission Chairman and Commissioner .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Oliver Heaviside	England	Oliver Heaviside in England and Josiah Willard Gibbs a professor at Yale University in Connecticut also felt that quaternion methods were too cumbersome often requiring the scalar or vector part of a result to be extracted .
org:city_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Colorado Springs	American Numismatic Association	Currently Kenneth L. Hallenbeck is a resident of Colorado Springs Colorado and is the Acting Executive Director of the American Numismatic Association .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Ma Ying-jeou	KMT	Taiwan leader Ma Ying-jeou was elected as chairman of the Kuomintang ( KMT ) on Sunday by a landslide win of 93.87 percent of votes .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Mendocino College	Ukiah	Prior to playing professional baseball Rowland attended Mendocino College in nearby Ukiah California .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Valley Regional High School	Deep River	Valley Regional High School ( VRHS ) is located in Deep River Connecticut United States .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Nigeria	Abubakar Tafawa Balewa	The following held the office in Nigeria while it was a Commonwealth realm : Abubakar Tafawa Balewa held office as prime minister ( and head of government ) of the Federation of Nigeria during this period .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Hun Sen	Cambodia	jpg | Nguyen Tan Dung Vietnam Prime Minister and Hun Sen Cambodia Prime Minsiter opened ceremony of boundary stone at Moc Bai-Bavet border .
per:cities_of_residence(e2,e1)	Brooklyn	Yeasayer	During the album's production she also collaborated with Brooklyn band Yeasayer for the bass and beat programming .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Indian Institute of Technology Delhi	India	I am Krishna Prasad doing MSc from Department of Mathematics Indian Institute of Technology Delhi India .
org:members(e1,e2)	TAP	TAP Portugal	Besides these routes TAP Cargo uses all TAP Portugal flights .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Sandra Dee	California	It stars Sandra Dee Cliff Robertson and James Darren in a story about a teenager's initiation into the California surf culture and her affiliated romance with a young surfer .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	He	Capitol	He has released eighteen studio albums including six on MCA Records and three each on RCA Records Arista Records and Capitol Records .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	BioWare	Electronic Arts	After selling BioWare to Electronic Arts in 2008 Muzyka became a general manager and vice president at EA in addition to his CEO role at BioWare and subsequently was promoted to senior vice president and general manager of the BioWare label at EA .
per:spouse(e2,e1)	actress	Charlie Day	He goes to great lengths to attempt to win her over despite her frequent declarations that she will never be interested in him ( the actress who plays The Waitress Mary Elizabeth Ellis is in fact married to Charlie Day who portrays Charlie ) .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Afghanistan	Kam Air	Afghanistan 's main private air carrier Kam Air has recently added a second daily round trip between Kabul and Dubai .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Bond University	Australia	He went on to study at Bond University in Queensland Australia where he won awards including Best Student Director Award .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Thomas Hart Benton	Missouri	He was an influential contributor to US Senator Thomas Hart Benton from St. Louis Missouri .
per:origin(e1,e2)	Deng	Chinese	In 1997 months after Deng died Zhuo and daughter Deng Nan attended festivities in Hong Kong marking the return of the British colony to Chinese rule as a tribute to Deng's role in winning back the territory .
no_relation	Industrial and Commercial Bank of China	2006	-- Industrial and Commercial Bank of China 5.9 billion October 20 2006 .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	Barisan Nasional	UMNO	The Barisan Nasional coalition led by UMNO lost its two-thirds majority for the first time since 1969 and conceded four more states to a resurgent opposition in a debacle that triggered calls for Abdullah to resign .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Dalriada	Hungary	Dalriada is a folk metal band from Sopron Hungary that was formed in 1998 as Echo of Dalriada but shortened their name to Dalriada in late 2006 .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Kenya	Raila Odinga	Kenya President Mwai Kibaki and would-be prime minister Raila Odinga on Saturday reached a coalition government agreement and a new cabinet will be announced on Sunday political and diplomatic sources told AFP.bkb / mb .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	Clinton	Plainfield	Clinton was born in Kannapolis North Carolina ( allegedly in an outhouse ) grew up in Plainfield New Jersey and currently resides in Tallahassee Florida .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Roberto Carlos	Brazil	Roberto Carlos Rivaldo Ronaldinho and Ronaldo all scored for Brazil the first three goals being in the first half .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Brown	Kirkcaldy and Cowdenbeath	Brown is elected as the MP for Kirkcaldy and Cowdenbeath and remains chancellor .
per:country_of_birth(e1,e2)	K-os	Canada	Classified K'Naan Kardinal Offishall Belly and K-os are the other significant rappers and hip-hop artists from Canada .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	Chrysler	Dodge	Chrysler Group's sales which include the Chrysler Jeep and Dodge brands were down 8.3 percent to while Mercedes - Benz sales fell less than a percent to in February compared with the same month of 2006 .
org:top_members/employees(e2,e1)	Jonathan Brown	football club	Adcok is now the co-captain for the lions with Jonathan Brown and is a great leader at the football club .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Monash University	Victoria	Senior Research Fellow - 3D Structural Geophysics School of Geosciences PO Box 28E Monash University Victoria 3800 Australia Ph : +61 3 9905 1526 Fax : +61 3 9905 5062 Email : Laurent.Aille . . @sci.monash.edu .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Sessions	Alabama	Sessions ' opposition to the immigration proposal reflects popular opinion in the state said John Ross executive director of the Alabama Republican Party .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	John Jay College of Criminal Justice	New York	People in the criminal justice world are looking at California with great interest said Jeremy Travis president of John Jay College of Criminal Justice in New York .
org:alternate_names(e1,e2)	Ministry of Finance	MOF	During the 11th Five-Year Plan period ( 2006-2010 ) China spent 3.26 trillion yuan on social security an annual increase of 17.6 percent the Ministry of Finance ( MOF ) told Xinhua Friday .
org:members(e2,e1)	Ohio Bobcats	Division I	The 2007 Ohio Bobcats football team represented Ohio University during the 2007 NCAA Division I FBS football season .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	his	Quebec	In 1945 he returned from Europe and resumed his official duties with the Quebec legislature .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Canada	Harper	Under our new rules if something in the grocery store is marked product of Canada it must mean all or virtually all the contents are Canadian Harper told reporters at a farm in southern Ontario .
org:alternate_names(e1,e2)	German Aerospace Center	DLR	The Max Planck Institute for Solar System Research and the German Aerospace Center ( DLR ) provided the framing cameras for the Dawn spacecraft which arrived at asteroid 4 Vesta in mid-2011 .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Auburn University	United States	Title : Assistant Professor in Elementary Mathematics Education Employer : Auburn University College of Education Curriculum and Teaching Location : Auburn AL United States Posted : Oct 17 .
per:country_of_birth(e1,e2)	Nelson	United States	Robert Nelson ( March 1 1930 ; San Francisco California United States January 9 2012 ; Laytonville California United States ) was an American experimental film director .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	he	Canada	In 1998 he was made a Member of the Order of Canada .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	GameHouse	RealNetworks	The company also manages subscription-based online entertainment services including SuperPass and GameHouse RealNetworks software as a service group also provides mobile entertainment and messaging services to mobile carriers .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Gold Coast Hospital	Queensland	When it emerged that Kafeel Ahmed one of the men implicated in the June 30 botched terrorist attack in Glasgow had a second cousin working in the Gold Coast Hospital in Queensland it must have seemed to the Howard government that its election worries were over .
per:origin(e2,e1)	Italy	Romina Power	Italy was represented by Romina Power and Al Bano with the song Magic Oh Magic at the 1985 Eurovision Song Contest which took place on 4 May in Gothenburg Sweden .
org:top_members/employees(e2,e1)	Erik Larsen	Image Comics	In November 2011 as part of editor Erik Larsen 's Next Issue Project Image Comics published Crack Comics # 63 containing the following stories : Other characters of note who appeared in Crack Comics included Batch Bachelor Biff Banks Black Shark Dewey Drip Kiki Kelly and Yankee Guerilla .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Sandwich Secondary School	LaSalle	Sandwich Secondary School is a school in LaSalle Ontario .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Roberto Maroni	Lega Nord	On 5 December Tremonti on behalf of 3L signed a political pact with Roberto Maroni leader of Lega Nord ( LN ) .
org:top_members/employees(e1,e2)	ZOE Broadcasting Network	Eddie Villanueva	ZOE Broadcasting Network Inc. is a Philippine television network of Jesus is Lord Movement leader Eddie Villanueva .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	China	People	China will continue to lift restrictions on overseas investment of its citizens through various channels said Zhou Xiaochuan head of the People 's Bank of China ( PBOC ) .
org:city_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Delhi	Delhi College of Engineering	In 1962 after the administration of Delhi Polytechnic was taken over from Ministry of Education India to Delhi State it was renamed as Delhi College of Engineering in 1965 .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Honda	Japan	Scorers : Keisuke Honda ( Japan ) 17 ; Yasuhito Endo ( Japan ) 30 ; Shinji Okazaki ( Japan ) 87 ; Jon Dahl Tomasson ( Denmark ) 81 .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Hastings High School	Hastings	Hastings High School is a public secondary school in Hastings Michigan United States serving students in grades 9 12 .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Houston	United States	John Allen Houston ( born 1952 ) is a United States district judge on the United States District Court for the Southern District of California .
org:members(e2,e1)	HV71	Elitserien	Daniel Larsson ( born February 7 1986 ) is a Swedish professional ice hockey goaltender most recently with HV71 in the Swedish elite league Elitserien .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	Samsung Telecommunications	Samsung Electronics	Samsung Telecommunications is one of five business units within Samsung Electronics belonging to the Samsung Group and consists of the Mobile Communications Division Telecommunication Systems Division Computer Division MP3 Business Team Mobile Solution Centre and Telecommunication Centre .
org:members(e2,e1)	Italy	volleyball World Cup	European champion Italy and four-time title winner Cuba claimed big wins on Tuesday at the 2007 women's volleyball World Cup .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	India	Sri Jayachamarajendra College of Engineering	SJCE-STEP - The SJCE Science and Technology Entrepreneurs Park was established with the sponsorship of Department of Science and Technology Government of India Industrial Development Bank of India ( IDBI ) Department of Science and Technology Government of Karnataka and Sri Jayachamarajendra College of Engineering .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	St. Joseph High School	University Heights Suburban Centre	St. Joseph High School and Centennial Collegiate are located in the University Heights Suburban Centre immediately to the south .
org:members(e2,e1)	Panthers	Big East	The Panthers have won both the Big East regular season and Big East Tournament championships received four First Team All-American selections and have appeared in three NCAA championships .
per:cities_of_residence(e2,e1)	Dublin	Owens	Once returning to Dublin Owens began working on writing his own music which eventually formed into the creation of the band.http : / / www.irishmusiccentral.com/skindive/biography.html Owens found his bassist ( Alan Lee ) and drummer ( Ger Farrell ) during the first four months of recruiting but found it tougher to pick the right voice to go with his music and lyrics .
no_relation	Lawler	Tennessee	Lawler was at an event called Slamfest 2013 in Cookeville Tennessee on May 4 2013 .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	he	Venezuela	In doing so in the manner which he characterized the president he demeaned himself and demeaned Venezuela .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	He	Quebec	He was the 18th Premier of Quebec but held office for only six months until the June 1960 election which he lost to Jean Lesage and the Quebec Liberal Party .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	Matt Bayles	Seattle	It was produced by former Minus the Bear keyboardist Matt Bayles at Red Room Recordings in Seattle Washington .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Indonesia	Suharto	Although Sukarno would not be removed from the Presidency for some months for all intents and purposes the person who was truly in charge of the Cabinet and Indonesia by this point was Suharto .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Divine	United States	Meanwhile the faithful crowded into St. Nicholas cathedral for an Orthros and Divine Liturgy led by the archbishop the spiritual head of the Greek Orthodox Church in the United States .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Education	Richard Riley	In 1996 she was named to National Assessment Governing Board by US Secretary of Education Richard Riley .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Kenya	Raila Odinga	FORD was split into two factions namely ; Ford-Asili under Kenneth Matiba and Forum for the Restoration of Democracy Kenya under the late Jaramogi Oginga Odinga father of present Prime Minister of Kenya Hon. Raila Odinga .
no_relation	Stockwell Day	Canadian Alliance	Laurendeau supported Stockwell Day for the leadership of the Canadian Alliance party in 2000 ( Toronto Star 10 May 2000 ) .
org:members(e2,e1)	Richmond Spiders	Division I	The 2013 Richmond Spiders football team will represent the University of Richmond in the 2013 NCAA Division I FCS football season .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Tayeb	Israel	Tayeb is the host of Israel Radio's 88 FM station Pando Najena show .
org:alternate_names(e2,e1)	London County Council	Woolverstone Hall School	It was requisitioned as a naval training establishment during World War II and in 1950 the London County Council took it over as a boys ' boarding school -- Woolverstone Hall School .
org:city_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Lexington	Institute	Scenes of the film were shot on site in Lexington on the Institute 's historic Parade Ground and the baseball game scene was filmed at Alumni Memorial Field .
no_relation	Guardian	Kent	According to The Guardian University of Kent is ranked 6th in the UK for Economics 10th for Anthropology 12th for Architecture 14th for Modern Languages .
org:top_members/employees(e1,e2)	NORML	Allen St. Pierre	NORML Executive Director Allen St. Pierre and NORML founder Keith Stroup will speak at the event .
per:alternate_names(e2,e1)	Dr.	Tom Prichard	This was a Four Corners match that included Team Extreme ( Kit Carson Khris Germany ) from NWA Southwest and Barry Windham Tully Blanchard although Windham was later replaced with Dr. Tom Prichard .
org:members(e2,e1)	Indonesian Super League	AFC	During this 2011 2012 season Persipura finally took the first place at Indonesian Super League and won a qualifying spot for the 2012 AFC Champions League .
per:title(e2,e1)	President	Hosni Mubarak	Kifaya which in Arabic means Enough is a broad-based movement that has spearheaded demonstrations against the government of Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak since late 2004 .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Sellapan Ramanathan	Singapore	presented her Letters of Credence to His Imperial Majesty Akihito Emperor of Japan on 17 March 2007 at a ceremony at the Tokyo Imperial Palace to His Excellency Major General Michael Jeffery Governor-General of Australia on 31 May 2007 at Government House Canberra to His Excellency Sellapan Ramanathan President of Singapore on 26 July 2007 at the Istana and to The Right Honourable Sir Anand Satyanand Governor-General of New Zealand on 17 July 2007 at Government House Wellington .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Ciara	Georgia	It shows Ciara and her friends driving in an Oldsmobile 442 convertible along the Atlanta Georgia streets to the local car wash .
org:top_members/employees(e1,e2)	Bank of England	Mervyn King	Bank of England Governor Mervyn King is to face a potentially unfriendly audience as he addresses a conference of trade union leaders .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Union of Christmas Island Workers	Christmas Island	The Union of Christmas Island Workers ( UCIW ) is a trade union in Christmas Island the non self-governing territory of Australia .
org:top_members/employees(e1,e2)	Numico	Jan Bennink	Numico Chief Executive Officer Jan Bennink and Chief Financial Officer Jean-Marc Huet will resign .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Isabelle Huppert	France	Isabelle Huppert plays a housewife turned abortionist in 1940s Nazi occupied France .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	Jeff Bridges	Los Angeles	Her son Jeff Bridges called her the hub of their family in an interview with the Los Angeles Times following her death .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	Mickey Carroll	Crestwood	-- Mickey Carroll 89 one of the last surviving Munchkins from the 1939 film The Wizard of Oz in Crestwood Missouri .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Vietnam	Ho Chi Minh	The Beijing Olympic flame arrived in Vietnam 's Ho Chi Minh City late Monday from North Korea an AFP photographer saw on one of the final legs of its troubled worldwide journey.nam-aud-fz / dan .
per:alternate_names(e2,e1)	DJ Pierre	Phuture	DJ Pierre went on to record many of the early Acid House tracks on Trax Records under the names Phuture Phuture Pfantasy Club Pierre's Pfantasy Club ( with Felix Da Housecat ) Phortune with songs such as Your Only Friend ( Cocaine ) The Creator String Free Got The Bug Box Energy Dream Girl Mystery Girl Fantasy Girl We Are Phuture Slam and Spank Spank .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	Dodge	Chrysler	The Newark plant makes the slow-selling Dodge Durango and Chrysler Aspen sport utility vehicles .
org:members(e2,e1)	Ohio Bobcats	Division I	The 2010 Ohio Bobcats football team represented Ohio University during the 2010 NCAA Division I FBS football season .
per:cities_of_residence(e2,e1)	Chile	Salvador Allende	Laura Allende ( September 3 1911 May 23 1981 ) was a Chilean politician a member of the lower chamber of parliament and sister of former president of Chile Salvador Allende .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Fallston High School	Fallston	Fallston High School is located in the town of Fallston in Harford County Maryland .
org:top_members/employees(e2,e1)	Florian Bollen	Great Wheel Corporation	Florian Bollen Great Wheel Corporation chairman is also chairman of Singapore Flyer Pte Ltd.Firm linked to Flyer under German probe The Singapore Flyer went into receivership in May 2013 .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Leonid Kuchma	Ukraine	( Major ) Mykola Melnychenko ( ) was a bodyguard of Leonid Kuchma ( President of Ukraine ) an officer of the State Security Administration .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Ottawa	Jim Watson	Among the dignitaries greeting the couple were John Baird Canadian Minister of Foreign Affairs David McGuinty Ottawa South MP William JS Elliott Commissioner of the Royal Canadian Mounted Police and Jim Watson Mayor of Ottawa .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Cher	US	Cher is the only woman to have a US top-ten single in every decade from the 1960s to the 1990s and the only act to have a number-one single on a Billboard chart in every decade from the 1960s to the 2010s .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Fluke	Everett	In 1981 Fluke moved its facility to Everett .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Diocesan College	Cape Town	He was educated at St Andrew's College Grahamstown and the Diocesan College private school in Cape Town .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Wan Azizah Wan Ismail	People's Justice Party	On 29 April 2008 after 10 years of absence he returned to the Parliament albeit upon invitation as a spouse guest of Wan Azizah Wan Ismail People's Justice Party and the first female opposition leader in Malaysian Parliament's history .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Little Rock Port Authority Railroad	Little Rock Arkansas	The Little Rock Port Authority Railroad is a Class III short-line railroad headquartered in Little Rock Arkansas .
no_relation	Bell Canada	Montreal	Bell Canada and its proposed new CEO George Cope are expected to refocus the Montreal telecom operator as it faces more intense competition in its wireless and Internet data businesses .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	The Waterboys	Scott	The Waterboys ' lyrics and arrangements reflect Scott's current interests and influences Scott Mike ( 2004 ) Recording Notes in This is the Sea ( p. 5 ) liner notes London : EMI the latter including the musical sensibilities of other members .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Joe Volpe	Canada	Immigration Minister Joe Volpe is expected as early as next week to present a proposal to Cabinet to substantially boost the number of immigrants and refugees to Canada by over the next five years at a cost of up to $ 2-billion sources told CanWest News Service .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Jacques Santer	European People's Party	Among the members are figures such as Carl Bildt former Swedish Prime Minister and current Foreign Minister Lech Walesa Polish president and Nobel Peace Prize Jacques Santer former President of Luxembourg and the European Commission and Wilfried Martens former Belgian Prime Minister and President of the European People's Party .
per:country_of_birth(e1,e2)	Rodrigo Bueno	Argentina	The son of Eduardo Alberto Bueno a record shop owner and music producer and Beatriz Olave a songwriter and newsstand owner Rodrigo Bueno was born into the cuarteto musical scene in Argentina .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Alfred Deakin	Australia	Its most prominent member has been Alfred Deakin who was Prime Minister of Australia three times .
org:alternate_names(e1,e2)	Companhia Paulista de Trens Metropolitanos	CPTM	Nowadays the suburban lines of Paulo are run by Companhia Paulista de Trens Metropolitanos ( CPTM ) and those of Rio de Janeiro by Supervia .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Singapore	Lee Kuan Yew	Kwa Geok Choo ( ; 21 December 1920 2 October 2010 ) was most widely known as the wife of Singapore 's former Minister Mentor and former Prime Minister Lee Kuan Yew and one of the partners in the law firm Lee Lee .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	Tom Bradley	Los Angeles	But there is very little evidence to support the existence of a Bradley effect named for Tom Bradley a black mayor of Los Angeles who in 1982 lost an election for governor of California that he had been expected to win .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Indonesia	Suharto	URGENT Indonesia 's Suharto in very critical condition : doctor .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Vytautas Landsbergis	Lithuania	Since 1991 Lithuanian voters have shifted from right to left and back again swinging between the Conservatives led by Vytautas Landsbergis and the ( formerly Communist ) Democratic Labour Party of Lithuania led by president Algirdas Brazauskas .
org:top_members/employees(e2,e1)	Charlie Merrow	Merrow Machine Company	In June 2004 Charlie Merrow organized a buyout of the Merrow Machine Company and reestablished it in West Wareham Massachusetts combining the Merrow manufacturing facility with the Merrow Sales Corporation .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	he	Iceland	The next six years he read law at the University of Iceland working almost full-time as well .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	She	Nova Scotia	She was a recipient of the Order of Nova Scotia in its inaugural year .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Edge Hill State School	Cairns	It has : Edge Hill State School Annual Report 2006-2007 PDF Accessed 31 March 2007 The slightly raised area within the Cairns central swamps reserved for a school upon which the Edge Hill State School was built had originally been used by local Edge Hill residents as a golf course ( since abandoned because of constant flooding and inundation ) .
no_relation	year	he	After Fettes Blair spent a year in London where he attempted to find fame as a rock music promoter before reading jurisprudence at St John's College Oxford .
per:country_of_birth(e2,e1)	France	Catherine of Valois	As a niece of Visconti she was cousin to Valentina Visconti Queen of Cyprus and had cousins who married into Austrian and Bavarian nobility including Viridis Visconti grandmother of emperor Frederick III and Taddea Visconti mother of Isabeau of Bavaria of France whose daughters Isabella of Valois and Catherine of Valois were both Queen consorts of England .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Agriculture	Dan Glickman	In 2000 Secretary of Agriculture Dan Glickman designated the building as the Abraham Lincoln Building .
org:city_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Gothenburg	SKF	Volvo company was founded in 1927 in Gothenburg Sweden The company was created as a subsidiary company 100 % owned by SKF .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	its	University of Wales	It was reported that the university would be effectively abolished : its constituents University of Wales Newport and Glynd?r University were to become independent universities while Swansea Metropolitan Universitywould merge with Trinity Saint David and operate as University of Wales : Trinity Saint David ) .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	he	United States	On October 27 2011 Jones announced that he was running for President of the United States as an independent candidate with no political party affiliation .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	England	Birmingham City University	He grew up in Bolton England and was educated at Bolton School Mansfield College Oxford the University of Leeds the University of York and Birmingham City University .
org:members(e2,e1)	The Dominion Post	Fairfax	On 30 June 2003 INL sold its publishing assets including The Dominion Post The Press and the Stuff website to Fairfax Media .
org:city_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Hong Kong	Citic Pacific	Hong Kong 's financial watchdog on Wednesday launched a probe into Beijing-backed investment firm Citic Pacific which is facing losses of nearly two billion US dollars in failed currency bets .
org:city_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	East Berlin	Stasi	I 'd think any 14-year-old boy would get a kick out of visiting the Checkpoint Charlie museum with its stories of daring flights from communist East Berlin into the West and the cloak-and-dagger Stasi museum the repository of all things to do with the notorious East German secret police .
no_relation	It	1991	It was founded in 1991 by Venerable Master Hsing Yun Our Founder founder of the Taiwan-based Buddhist order Fo Guang Shan and Hsi Lai Temple the North American order headquarters .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	Dan Deacon	Baltimore	Dan Deacon ( born August 28 1981 ) is an American composer and electronic musician based out of Baltimore Maryland .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Hastings Banda	Malawi	In 1970 Hastings Banda was declared President for life of the MCP and in 1971 Banda consolidated his power and was named President for life of Malawi itself .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Nek	Italy	In November 2006 Nek released his ninth album Nella stanza 26 ( in Spanish : En el cuarto 26 ) which soon climbed Italy Top Ten Charts .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Iggy Pop	Arista	Iggy Pop - Five Foot One - New Values - Arista .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Navy	Smith Thompson	Shortly after Gale assumed his post Archibald Henderson circumvented Gale and wrote directly to Navy Secretary Smith Thompson requesting to join General Andrew Jackson who was serving as military governor in Florida .
per:alternate_names(e1,e2)	Louis Calhern	Carl Henry Vogt	Louis Calhern born Carl Henry Vogt ( February 19 1895 - May 12 1956 ) was an American stage and screen actor .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Royal Dublin Fusiliers	Army	The Royal Dublin Fusiliers was an Irish infantry Regiment of the British Army created in 1881 one of eight Irish regiments raised and garrisoned in Ireland with its home depot in Naas .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Lebanese Armed Forces	Lebanon	Suleiman accompanied by Lebanese Armed Forces ( LAF ) Commander General Jean Qahwaji arrived in Marjayoun in southern Lebanon .
per:title(e1,e2)	He	electrician	He was born in Toronto Ontario and became an electrician and merchant by career .
per:title(e2,e1)	President	Boris Yeltsin	Former President George H.W. Bush who signed the START II treaty with Russian President Boris Yeltsin in 1993 added his support Wednesday with a brief statement : I urge the United States Senate to ratify the START treaty .
org:alternate_names(e2,e1)	Oklahoma State University Stillwater	OSU	Oklahoma State University Stillwater ( also referred to informally as Oklahoma State O-K-State O-State and OSU ) is a land-grant sun-grant coeducational public research university located in Stillwater Oklahoma USA .
org:alternate_names(e1,e2)	National Trades Union Congress	NTUC	In a break with the past National Trades Union Congress ( NTUC ) President and Member of Parliament Lim Swee Say said the NTUC will not force all its constituent trades union to endorse one candidate and that the constituent trades union may endorse any candidate as they desire .
no_relation	Tom Bradley	Los Angeles	Then-mayor Tom Bradley said Gates had brought Los Angeles to the brink of disaster just to satisfy his own ego .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	University of Toronto Schools	University of Toronto	Spence did his middle and high school education at the University of Toronto Schools of the University of Toronto .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Jonny Greenwood	England	Jonny Greenwood responded to the album's reception by saying In England I think a lot of the reviews have been slightly over-the-top because the last album Bends '' was somewhat under-reviewed possibly and under-received .
no_relation	School	Reading School	He also established scholarships at St John's College tenable by pupils of Tonbridge School Bristol Grammar School Reading School and King Henry VIII School Coventry where one of the school's four houses bears his name .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Stephen F. Austin State University	Nacogdoches	She taught literature at the University of Peking at the University of Houston at Stephen F. Austin State University in Nacogdoches at University of St. Thomas in Houston and she was a Professor Emeritus at Rice University .
no_relation	Ernst Messerschmid	Germany	The crew members included Henry W. Hartsfield Jr. commander ; Steven R. Nagel pilot ; Bonnie J. Dunbar James F. Buchli and Guion S. Bluford mission specialists ; and Ernst Messerschmid and Reinhard Furrer of West Germany along with Wubbo Ockels of the European Space Agency ( ESA ) all payload specialists .
no_relation	California	map	Leaders from California 's San Fernando Valley have mounted a sweeping public-relations effort to keep America's suburb on the U.S. Census Bureau map .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e2,e1)	Alberta	Charles Stewart	His seat was filled by former Premier of Alberta Charles Stewart after Stewart joined the Cabinet of William Lyon Mackenzie King .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Kuomintang	Ma Ying-jeou	He came less than a week after Taiwan's hotly contested presidential election in which the main opposition Kuomintang 's standard bearer Ma Ying-jeou scored a decisive victory by capturing 58.55 percent of the vote .
org:members(e2,e1)	New York Giants	National Football League	The 1999 New York Giants season was the team's 75th season in the National Football League .
org:founded(e1,e2)	False River Academy	1969	As part of an effort to increase diversity the school offers several minority scholarships.False River Academy | Where Excellence meets Honor and Traditionleft | thumb | False River Academy Campus in 1969 When the school was founded it operated out of temporary buildings on the edge of a sugar cane field in New Roads a short distance from False River .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Democrat	Chuck Robb	He decided to run for the U.S. Senate again in 1994 to challenge incumbent Democrat U.S. Senator Chuck Robb in the Democratic primary .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Piedad	Colombia	In late 2007 Colombian President Uribe through his appointed negotiator Piedad contacted Venezuelan President Hugo to facilitate the humanitarian exchange negotiations of prisoners for hostages between the government of Colombia and the Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia .
no_relation	bosch	Spain	Vogel The portrait closely resembles that of a figure at the far right of Surrender of Breda also by bosch which was painted to memorialize a victory by Spain over the Dutch .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	Heath Ledger	Perth	Heath Ledger 's family arrive in their hometown of Perth after retrieving his body following his death in New York .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	India	University College of Engineering	It is one of the oldest technical institutes in India founded as the University College of Engineering ( UCE ) in 1956 .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Kaiser Permanente	Oakland	Klein is co-director of Kaiser Permanente Vaccine Study Center in Oakland California one of seven study sites .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	Colorado	Denver	On October 29 2007 the board of regents voted to rename UCDHSC as the University of Colorado Denver consisting of the Anschutz Medical Campus and the Downtown Campus .
per:origin(e2,e1)	Indian	Raman Lamba	On February 20 1998 38 year-old Indian cricketer Raman Lamba was hit on the head by a cricket ball while fielding without a helmet .
org:top_members/employees(e1,e2)	Elegant Angel	Patrick Collins	After the 1997 AVN awards ( January 1998 ) show in Las Vegas a mass exodus of Elegant Angel directors ensued after a wage and personality dispute between them and the company owner Patrick Collins .
no_relation	Texas	Shawn Colvin	She then entered the folk circuit in Illinois and San Francisco CaliforniaKoster Rick ( 2000 ) First St. Martin Griffin Texas Music page 219 retrieved May 25 2012 before forming the Shawn Colvin Band .
org:members(e1,e2)	NFL	Evansville Crimson Giants	He played in only one NFL game during the 1922 season for the Evansville Crimson Giants .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Health	Chua Soi Lek	Last week Malaysian Health Minister Chua Soi Lek proposed a ban on fast food ads describing fast foods as silent killers .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Daniel Ortega	Nicaragua	The decision generated some controversy : stunned opposition lawmakers immediately suspected a secret deal between Mr. ranked one of the world 10 most corrupt leaders ever by Transparency International and Daniel Ortega President of Nicaragua and leader of the Sandinista Party who wields considerable influence and control over the courts .
per:title(e1,e2)	his	President	After his election as President Jagan demonstrated a commitment to democracy followed a pro-Western foreign policy adopted free market policies and pursued sustainable development for Guyana's environment .
per:origin(e2,e1)	Bolivia	Evo Morales	Polls closed late Sunday in presidential and legislative elections in Bolivia that were expected to hand a resounding victory to leftist President Evo Morales .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	General Motors	Cadillac	By mid-2008 the two dealerships were granted permission by General Motors to combine operations at the Murray Chevrolet Cadillac site in the Fraser Valley Automall and became Murray Chevrolet Cadillac Pontiac Buick GMC ( commonly referred to as Murray GM - Abbotsford ) .
org:founded_by(e1,e2)	IKEA	Ingvar Kamprad	IKEA was founded in 1943 by Ingvar Kamprad in Sweden and it is owned by a Dutch - registered foundation controlled by the Kamprad family .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Alaska	Lisa Murkowski	At a news conference in Anchorage Wednesday morning Begich said he had been congratulated by Alaska 's Republican governor Sarah Palin and U.S. Sen. Lisa Murkowski but had not yet heard from Stevens .
org:top_members/employees(e2,e1)	John Jellicoe	Grand Fleet	Admiral John Jellicoe was the commander of the British Grand Fleet during the first two years of the First World War .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Saint Anselm College	New Hampshire	Szulik was recently recognized by CIO Magazine with its 20/20 Vision Award.INTRODUCTION - The CIO 20/20 Vision Awards - CIO.com - Business Technology LeadershipCIO 20/20 Honorees-Innovator's Profile : Matthew Szulik of Red Hat Inc. - CIO.com - Business Technology Leadership Szulik is a graduate of Saint Anselm College in New Hampshire .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Ingvar Carlsson	Sweden	The first cabinet of Ingvar Carlsson was the cabinet of Sweden between March 12 1986 and February 1990 .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Anglo European School	Essex	The Anglo European School was in the top 10 most improved schools in Essex for GCSE results in 2009 .
org:alternate_names(e2,e1)	JAT	Jat Airways	On 1 April 1947 the name was changed to JAT - Jugoslovenski Aerotransport ( Yugoslavian Air Transport ) then to JAT Yugoslav Airlines and finally to Jat Airways on 8 August 2003 .
org:founded_by(e1,e2)	Holy Cross School	Congregation of Holy Cross	Holy Cross School is a high school and middle school founded in 1849 by the Congregation of Holy Cross in New Orleans Louisiana .
per:origin(e1,e2)	Daniel Ortega	Nicaragua	On May 28 2006 Morales Carazo accepted the nomination to run for the vice presidency as a running mate to Daniel Ortega the FSLN and the Alliance Unity Nicaragua Triumphs .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	George Washington	United States	Following is a list of Justices of the Tennessee Supreme Court : The following judges were appointed by President George Washington while Tennessee remained a United States territory .
per:title(e2,e1)	e Prime Ministe	r Ecevi	The Turkish Foreign Minister Turan had said to th e Prime Ministe r Ecevi t When I say Ay?e is going on vacation ( Turkish : Ay?e Tatile ) it will mean that our armed forces are ready to go into action .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Washington University School of Medicine	St. Louis	-- A study of 18 subjects by Washington University School of Medicine in St. Louis found that raw foodists had lower body weight and body fat as well as lighter less dense bones .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Edelweiss Air	Zurich	Edelweiss Air AG is a charter airline with its head office in the Edelweiss Air Operations Center ( OPC ) on the property of Zurich Airport and in Kloten Switzerland operating mainly out of Zurich Airport with a smaller base at Geneva International Airport .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Peru	Jorge Del Castillo	Following the resignation of the Council of Ministers Governor of Lambayeque Yehude Simon was appointed Prime Minister of Peru succeeding Jorge Del Castillo .
per:spouse(e1,e2)	Scofield	Joy Parker	Scofield married Joy Parker a fellow actor in 1943 and they had two children .
org:founded(e2,e1)	2007	Nokia Siemens Networks	On 1 April 2007 Nokia's Networks business group was combined with Siemens's carrier-related operations for fixed and mobile networks to form Nokia Siemens Networks jointly owned by Nokia and Siemens and consolidated by Nokia .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	New Zealand	Accident Compensation Corporation	In New Zealand it was held in Donselaar v. Donselaar and confirmed in Auckland City Council v. Blundell that the existence of the Accident Compensation Corporation did not bar the availability of exemplary damages .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Redford	Alberta	Redford became Premier of Alberta and leader of the Progressive Conservative party after winning the 2011 Progressive Conservative leadership race .
per:origin(e1,e2)	Dino	Italian	Edoardo Alfieri ( first name usually shortened to Dino ; 8 December 1886 1966 ) was an Italian fascist politician .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Nepal	Prachanda	Nepal's House failed to elect new prime minister for a third time as both candidates -- Unified Communist Party of Nepal ( Maoist ) ( UCPN-M ) Chairman Prachanda and Nepali Congress ( NC ) Vice - Chairman Ramchandra Paudel failed to get majority votes in the third round election Monday .
per:country_of_birth(e2,e1)	Costa Rica	Arias	Later in September Zelaya returned to the country and President of Costa Rica Arias who had become a mediator in the matter as well as Clinton expressed hope that Zelaya's return could break the impasse with the Micheletti government .
org:founded_by(e2,e1)	Larry Page	Google	While Larry Page and Sergey Brin were PhD students at Stanford University in California they created Google in January 1996 as a research project ; Google employee Tom Oliveri highlighted the company's early days : Science fairs help students to explore their vision and curiosity through science .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	Tony Rumble	Boston	It was during this period that Ferraro got his first big break wrestling for Tony Rumble and the NWA New England promotion in Boston Massachusetts .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Provisional Government	Jacques-Charles Dupont de l'Eure	He served as a member of the Provisional Government of 1848 under Jacques-Charles Dupont de l'Eure as well as Mayor of Paris from February to March 1848 and then a member of the Government of National Defense ( 1870-1871 ) under Louis Jules Trochu as a minister without portfolio .
per:title(e1,e2)	Joni Mitchell	musician	Mingus is the tenth studio album by Joni Mitchell and a collaboration with jazz musician Charles Mingus .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Taiwan	University of Delhi	They also voiced the hope that NCCU scholars specializing in East Asian research could teach Taiwan research courses at the University of Delhi according to the NCCU .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Lado Gurgenidze	Georgia	In comments shown on Rustavi-2 television Prime Minister Lado Gurgenidze said the new government would focus on the goal of a united Georgia without poverty .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Morehead State University	KY	Morehead State University ( Morehead KY USA ) : Created : Fri Jun 24 2005 World-Wide Web service at URL : http://www.morehead-st.edu/ .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	Go North East	Go-Ahead Group	In June 2009 Go North East received 16 brand new Versas the first in the Go-Ahead Group these were followed by another 29 between 2010 and 2011 .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	he	The Jades	It was there that he formed his first band The Jades and met Ken Koblun later to join him in The Squires .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e2,e1)	New York	Millard Fillmore	This is the common name for the southern part of Erie County New York which served as the home of United States President Millard Fillmore .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	State University of New York	USA	Commonly referred to as The Indy it is a student newspaper at SUNY Purchase ( The State University of New York at Purchase College ) USA .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Milligan College	Tennessee	During the next two years he went to work for Middle Tennessee State and was later hired as Associate Head Coach for Bristol University in Tennessee where he was involved in recruiting scouting game prepping and developing the team post position players ; he then went to Milligan College in Johnson Tennessee where he coached the basketball team to a 27-9 record the team best record since 1948 .
no_relation	Rompetrol	Romania	Rompetrol is a major Balkan energy player with employees and 630 gas stations in seven countries including Romania Georgia Bulgaria Spain Moldova and France .
org:founded_by(e2,e1)	Norodom Ranariddh	Norodom Ranariddh Party	When Prince Norodom Ranariddh on Friday renewed calls for a democratic coalition of his Norodom Ranariddh Party ( NRP ) with the Sam Rainsy Party ( SRP ) in the lead - up to next year's election local media reported Monday does this mean the call to be partners with the Vietnamese invaders ?
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	Hopper	Nyack	Hopper grew up in Nyack N.Y. just up the Hudson from Manhattan .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	Kmart Australia	Kmart	Woolworths supermarkets and Kmart Australia Kmart Homeart Harris Scarfe Manchester and More Best Less Reject Shop Priceline and Dick Smith Electronics department stores .
per:spouse(e2,e1)	Zeba	Mohammad Ali	Zeba had a daughter from her first marriage named Samina after marrying Mohammad Ali he legally adopted Samina giving her the name Samina Ali .
per:origin(e2,e1)	American	Serj Tankian	System of a Down is an American rock band formed by vocalist Serj Tankian guitarist Daron Malakian bassist Shavo Odadjian and drummer John Dolmayan in the mid-1990s .
no_relation	Thomas	Jack Pickford	Ziegfeld who was married to actress Billie Burke had affairs with other Ziegfeld girls including Lillian Lorraine and Marilyn Miller ( who would later marry Thomas 's widower Jack Pickford ) .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	McGill University	McGill Redmen	The arena is owned and operated by McGill University and is the home to the McGill Redmen men's and McGill Martlets women's ice hockey teams .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Jeff Merkley	Oregon	He was opposed by Democrat Jeff Merkley the Speaker of the Oregon House of Representatives and David Brownlow of the Constitution Party of Oregon .
org:members(e2,e1)	Charleston Southern University	Division I	Henry Hank Small ( born April 25 1947 ) is the director of athletics for Charleston Southern University an NCAA Division I school in Charleston South Carolina .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Hamilton	United States	Davey Hamilton ( United States ) 224.852 15 .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	#44; Pierre-Auguste Re	d in Fr	Artists in the collection include Romanians Ion Andreescu Corneliu Baba Henri Catargi Alexandru Ciucurencu Horia Damian Nicolae D?r?scu Lucian Grigorescu Nicolae Grigorescu Iosif Iser ?tefan Luchian Samuel Mutzner Alexandru Padina Theodor Pallady Gheorghe Petra?cu Vasile Popescu Camil Ressu and Nicolae Tonitza and French artists Pierre Bonnard Paul the museum has the only in Romania Jean-Baptiste Camille Corot Delacroix Derain Raoul Dufy Albert Marquet Henri Matisse Camille Pissarro #44; Pierre-Auguste Re noir and Maurice Utrillo as well as pieces by two other artists who worke d in Fr ance the Spaniard Pablo Picasso and the Englishman Alfred Sisley .
org:founded(e2,e1)	1870	Standard Oil	When the first unit was formed in 1870 Andrews owned 16.67 % of Standard Oil stock .
org:founded(e1,e2)	Wilberforce University	1856	Woodson was among the original 24 trustees to found Wilberforce University in Ohio in 1856 in a collaboration between the AME and the Cincinnati Methodist Council .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	France	Philippe	The authoritarian Vichy France regime was headed by France's World War I hero Marshal Philippe ; after the end of World War II was convicted of treason .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Austria	Alfred Gusenbauer	Austria 's prospective new chancellor Alfred Gusenbauer said Monday he was considering coalition talks with either the center-right People's Party or the leftist Greens .
no_relation	Hunter	UK	Hunter 's 20th solo studio album When I 'm President was released on Monday September 3 2012 in the UK on Proper Records and on Tuesday September 4 2012 in the US on Slimstyle Records .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	The Black Mages	Nobuo Uematsu	The Black Mages a band led by Nobuo Uematsu that arranges music from Final Fantasy video games into a rock music style have arranged two pieces from Final Fantasy I. These are Battle Scene from the album The Black Mages published in 2003 and Matoya's Cave from the album The Skies Above published in 2004 .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e2,e1)	Ohio	Paul Newman	Born in Cleveland Ohio to Paul Newman and his first wife Jackie Witte Scott Newman was a year old when the family moved to New York City .
per:title(e2,e1)	President	Abdelaziz Bouteflika	He also called on the Algerian President Mr. Abdelaziz Bouteflika and delivered to him a personal message from the President of Pakistan .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Franklin Pierce	New Hampshire	The school was founded in 1962 as Franklin Pierce College named after Franklin Pierce the 14th president of the United States and the only U.S. president from New Hampshire .
per:title(e2,e1)	actress	Ivana Baquero	Pan's Labyrinth is told through the eyes of a young girl Ofelia -- played by the Spanish actress Ivana Baquero -- who retreats into fantasy amid the political chaos of post-Franco Spain and the uprooting of her family to a military outpost .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Council for National Security	Sonthi Boonyaratglin	Chalit was appointed a deputy chairman in the Council for National Security under coup leader General Sonthi Boonyaratglin .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Barack Obama	Democratic	WASHINGTON : US President Barack Obama attends the Senate Democratic caucus meeting with lawmakers on Capitol Hill to talk up the legislative agenda including his ambitious plans to overhaul the health care system .
per:title(e2,e1)	singer	Melody	After growing up in Abilene Texas the daughter of a professional singer ( father ) and a professional dancer ( mother ) she moved to California in 1962 with her sisters ( professional singers Melody Westmoreland and Christie Westmoreland ) and brother Brent ( professional drummer/singer ) .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Boone	Illinois	Boone a Baptist and temperance advocate believed that the Sabbath was profaned by having drinking establishments open on Sunday.Inauguration Speech of Levi D. Boone Boone's actions were in anticipation of Illinois enacting by referendum a Maine law that would prohibit the sale of alcohol for recreational purposes .
per:title(e1,e2)	David Rose	songwriter	David Rose ( June 15 1910 August 23 1990 ) was an American songwriter composer arranger pianist and orchestra leader .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Singapore	Lee Kuan Yew	Heroine's funeral for wife of Singapore 's Lee Kuan Yew .
per:country_of_birth(e1,e2)	His	Cambodia	His father was a prison warden in Battambang Province and was then a soldier during the Colonial Cambodia period .
per:country_of_birth(e2,e1)	Estonia	Urmas Alender	Born in Tallinn Estonia Urmas Alender Biography Alender began his musical career in the rock band Shades in 1969 but departed the following year to become the vocalist for Andromeeda .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	Interflug	East Berlin	Later cooperation with the East German airline Interflug made it possible for this carrier to establish its first-ever scheduled transatlantic service linking East Berlin with Havana .
org:founded(e2,e1)	1961	Portland Community College	The historic building that has served as NCNM's main campus since 1996 was built in 1912 as an elementary school named School ( in honor of former mayor Josiah Failing ) and from 1961 until the 1990s was a Portland Community College campus .
org:members(e2,e1)	Royal Northern College of Music	University of Manchester	Eventually he pursued further training at the Royal Northern College of Music and the University of Manchester ( UM ) where he was a pupil of Henry Hiles .
per:title(e2,e1)	Foreign	Willy Brandt	In addition enough West German voters were at last willing to give the Social Democratic leader Foreign Minister Willy Brandt a chance to govern West Germany .
org:members(e2,e1)	Proviso East High School	IHSA	On March 15 Simeon defeated Proviso East High School by a 68 56 margin to earn a berth in the IHSA Class 4A state finals .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Donovan	UK	Jason Donovan to play Lock Out night for Anti-Slavery at Jongleurs . . London UK If you thought slavery was a thing of the past you 're sadly mistaken ; even today millions of men women and children around the world are forced to work . . http://www.hippyshopper.com/2008/02/jason_donovan_t.html .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Hinds Community College	Raymond	Myers attended Hinds Community College in Raymond Mississippi before he attended the University of Alabama .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Blue Bird	Georgia	Blue Bird 's corporate headquarters and main manufacturing facility are in Fort Valley Georgia .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Ron Brown	Commerce	Members of the firm have included : Timothy May the former general counsel to the United States Post Office Department ; Ron Brown who served as chairman of the Democratic National Committee and became Commerce Secretary in the first Clinton Administration ; former Transportation Secretary Rodney Slater ; former Sen. John Breaux D-La. ; Stuart Pape who held senior positions at the Food and Drug Administration ; and Benjamin Ginsberg the Republican strategist behind the 2000 presidential election Florida vote recount .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Oregon House	Jeff Merkley	Two Democrats are running : lawyer and activist Steve Novick and Oregon House Speaker Jeff Merkley both from Portland .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Pakistan	Shah Mehmood Qureshi	NEW YORK : Richard Holbrooke the US special envoy for Afghanistan and Pakistan joins Pakistani Foreign Minister Shah Mehmood Qureshi for a roundtable discussion of Pakistan's flood crisis .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e2,e1)	Ohio	Sherrod Brown	In 1982 he was a candidate in the Democratic Primary for Ohio Secretary of State won by Sherrod Brown .
org:founded(e2,e1)	1997	school	In its first year of 1997 the school enrolled 77 students and offered kindergarten through sixth grades .
per:title(e2,e1)	General Manager	Theo Epstein	Acquiring a pitcher the caliber of Eric Gagne only makes us stronger Red Sox General Manager Theo Epstein said .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Cathedral Preparatory School	Erie	Cathedral Preparatory School ( often referred to simply as Prep ) is an all-male college prep school in Erie Pennsylvania run by the Roman Catholic Diocese of Erie and was established in 1921 by Archbishop John Mark Gannon .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Dominique de Villepin	Interior	Foreign Minister Dominique de Villepin a relentless critic of the U.S. war in Iraq will head the Interior Ministry under a major French government shake-up announced Wednesday .
no_relation	86	Time Warner	That's what convinced Future 86 to appear in a commercial for Time Warner Cable .
per:spouse(e2,e1)	George	Charlotte of Mecklenburg-Strelitz	Lord Bute prevailed and Lady Sarah was asked by King George III to be one of the ten bridesmaids at his wedding to Duchess Sophia Charlotte of Mecklenburg-Strelitz .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Nepal	Narayan Gopal	Ram Krishna Dakhal started his musical career early in his childhood when he covered popular songs by another prominent singer of Nepal Narayan Gopal .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	GM Daewoo	GM	The Company said GM Daewoo in South Korea played a leading role in the design and engineering of the Cruze along with GM 's German-based Opel division .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Prachanda	Nepal	Prime Minister Prachanda has appealed to political parties civil society and international community to work in coordinated manner to eliminate poverty from Nepal in his message on the occasion of the International Day for the Eradication of Poverty .
org:founded_by(e2,e1)	Journal Communications	MKE	Journal Communications at one point created an ersatz alternative weekly MKE which failed due to a lack of credibility as an alternative to its own parent company .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	22nd Marine Expeditionary Unit	United States Marine Corps	File : US Navy 091012-N-8132M-172 Marines assigned to the 22nd Marine Expeditionary Unit ( 22nd MEU ) along with Marines from Kuwait and Pakistan.jpg | A United States Marine Corps officer is issuing orders to Pakistan Marines 133rd Expeditionary Battalion .
per:alternate_names(e1,e2)	Burhanuddin Rabbani	Afghanistan	In 1992 while war raged in Kabul under the Presidency of Burhanuddin Rabbani for the first time in the history of Afghanistan Amin Wardak established free elections in the province of Wardak in order to elect its Governor .
no_relation	Betty Grable	Jackie Coogan	Million Dollar Legs is a 1939 American comedy film starring Betty Grable John Hartley Donald O'Connor and Jackie Coogan .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	He	G-Unit	He 's still with G-Unit Records and signed with EMI to distribute his music .
no_relation	India	ICL	The Delhi High Court passed the interim order on a suit filed by the ICL which said that public sector companies like Air India had threatened to expel ICL - linked players .
org:members(e2,e1)	McClymonds	Oakland Unified School District	In 2008 McClymonds had the highest CAHSEE test scores in the Oakland Unified School District .
per:origin(e2,e1)	Egyptian	Gamal Abdel Nasser	The post-revolution Egyptian Land Reform was an effort to change land ownership practices in Egypt following the 1952 Revolution launched by Gamal Abdel Nasser and the Free Officers Movement .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Viktor Yanukovych	Ukraine	I warmly welcome the fact that President Viktor Yushchenko and Prime Minister Viktor Yanukovych have reached an agreement to hold early parliamentary elections in Ukraine Solana said in a written statement .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	The Red Chord	Revere	The Red Chord was formed in Revere Massachusetts in 1999 by vocalist Guy Kozowyk and guitarist Kevin Rampelberg .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Justice	Laurette Onkelinx	Belgian press reported on Tuesday that Justice Minister Laurette Onkelinx and Interior Minister Patrick Dewael jointly announced that VS chief Koen Dassen had submitted his letter of resignation .
per:cities_of_residence(e2,e1)	Nashville	Harold Bradley	His 1980 album Dime Store Heroes was released on the Atlantic North Country and Rounder Records labels and saw him work with among others David Sanborn Howie Wyeth Will Lee Tony Levin and Andy Newmark.Bill Chinnock fansite During the early 1980s Chinnock moved to Nashville Tennessee to work with producer Harold Bradley who subsequently produced his next two albums .
no_relation	Chairman	MTR	Succeeding Anthony Wu as Executive Vice Chairman was C K Chow CEO of MTR Corporation which operates Hong Kong's metro and rail network .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Spain	Juan	On September 13 1936 the confidential decree from the Ministry of Finance which authorized the transportation of the gold reserves of the Bank of Spain was signed on the initiative of Minister of Finance of the time Juan .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Roman Republic	Lucius Cornelius Sulla	These estates were very large properties and existed from the time of the Roman Dictator of the Roman Republic Lucius Cornelius Sulla ( c. 138 BC-78 BC ) .
org:city_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Fresno	Gary Soto	In 2001 the Old Administration Building at Fresno City College became the permanent home of the Gary Soto Literary Museum .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Francisco I. Madero	Mexico	Francisco I. Madero is one of the 84 municipalities of Hidalgo in central-eastern Mexico .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Yakubu Gowon	Nigeria	In 1975 Gen. Yakubu Gowon was deposed and General Murtala Mohammed was the Head of the Federal Military Government of Nigeria until his assassination in 1976 .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Boeing	Texas	Boeing B-52D Stratofortress : Boeing B-52 Stratofortress ( On Display Outside ) Serial Number : 55-0067 Markings : 7th Bombardment Wing Carswell AFB Texas 1981 .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Ho Chi Minh	Vietnam	Thailand were crowned of the Under-19 Southeast Asian Football Championships after beating Australia in the final in Ho Chi Minh City of Vietnam on Wednesday local newspaper the New Hanoi reported Thursday .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	JUNIATA COLLEGE	Huntingdon	The ALUMNI RECORD OF JUNIATA COLLEGE 1876 - 1935 Huntingdon Pennsylvania .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	John Candy	Toronto	As SNL was getting off the ground another show SCTV in Canada was introducing comic talents such as Martin Short Eugene Levy Catherine O'Hara Andrea Martin Dave Thomas Joe Flaherty and John Candy -- all of whom were on Second City's Toronto stage .
org:city_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Jamshedpur	XLRI	Other institutes included in the survey are Indian Institute of Technology ( IIT ) Business schools Xavier Labour and Relations Institute Jamshedpur ( XLRI ) Management Development Institute ( MDI ) Gurgaon and Mumbai-based S P Jain Institute of Management Research ( SPJIMR ) .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	she	Dominica	In 1972 she help found the Dominica Freedom Party which helped Dominica gain independence from the British Crown on November 3 1978 .
per:title(e2,e1)	violinist	Jean-Luc Ponty	There he worked with a number of jazz giants such as pianist Kenny Drew violinist Jean-Luc Ponty saxophonists Eric Dolphy Ben Webster Stan Getz and Johnny Griffin and guitarist Thomas .
org:members(e2,e1)	1st Marine Division	Marine	Meanwhile on the same day of 3 April 1945 1st Marine Division sent their scout company front of their zone of action along the boundary of the 6th Marine Division to their north.Richard B. Frank Guadalcanal : The Definitive Account of the Landmark Battle ( New York NY : Penguin Books 1990 ) .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	University	Middlesbrough	The University has been situated since its formation as Constantine Technical College in 1930 within the borough of Middlesbrough in the North Yorkshire area of England on the south banks of the River Tees .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Treasury	John Sherman	The act authored by Ohio senator and former Treasury secretary John Sherman forced the Treasury to increase the amount of silver purchased to each month .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	his	Canada	He was a courageous aboriginal painter who through perseverance and faith in his gift was able to break through enormous cultural and racial barriers to bring his art not just to Canada but to the world .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	He	National Bank	He graduated from the Ternopil Finance and Economics Institute in 1975 and was appointed in 1993 and re - appointed in 1997 chairman of the National Bank of Ukraine .
org:top_members/employees(e2,e1)	Allen Weinstein	National Archives	When announcing the agreement Archivist Allen Weinstein said that this pilot program is . . an important step for the National Archives to achieve its goal of becoming an archive without walls .
org:city_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Dubai	Dubai World	Moody's which estimates Dubai 's overall debt at 100 billion dollars only has ratings on DP World and Jebel Ali Free Zone among Dubai World 's operations .
per:origin(e2,e1)	Chinese	Deng Xiaoping	In the earlier meeting Liu traced China-U.S. science and technology cooperation to an agreement signed by Chinese leader Deng Xiaoping and U.S. President Jimmy Carter in 1979 the first year of diplomatic relations .
per:spouse(e1,e2)	Williams	Bill Hudson	In May Williams and her manager-husband Bill Hudson presented a list of demands which Paramount refused .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Standard Oil	New Jersey	The company was acquired by Standard Oil of New Jersey in 1928 .
per:title(e2,e1)	President	Omar Bongo	He said he had been summoned to the Gabonese presidential office for questioning over a story that raised questions about the role of President Omar Bongo 's daughter in an alleged corruption scandal .
per:title(e2,e1)	President	Josefa Iloilo	Then on 28 December she told the Fiji Village news service that she had requested President Ratu Josefa Iloilo in his capacity as Commander in Chief of the Military to intervene to uncover the reasons for the delay in implementing his directive to convene the court martial retrial .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Civic Party	Ronny Tong	Civic Party member Ronny Tong in contrast spoke out against calls to seek an interpretation stating that it could result in serious erosion to basic human rights .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Achy Obejas	Illinois	Achy Obejas ( born 1956 ) is a Cuban American writer and journalist focused on personal and national identity issues living in Chicago Illinois .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	General Dynamics	Virginia	In 1988 he joined General Dynamics as vice president of GD's undersea warfare center in Arlington Virginia .
no_relation	Rogers	State	After Nixon spoke directly to Rogers Kissinger recorded a conversation in which the Secretary of State agreed that we ought as you say to cold-bloodedly decide what to do and then do it but warned it should be done discreetly so that it does backfire .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	he	Thailand	Another Red Shirt leader Suporn Attawong said that people who trespassed in the forest normally faced legal action but Surayud had escaped censure because he was part of Thailand 's powerful establishment .
org:members(e2,e1)	Tim Miller	American Hockey League	Tim Miller ( born March 6 1987 ) is an American professional ice hockey player who is currently playing for the Chicago Wolves in the American Hockey League .
per:alternate_names(e1,e2)	Hannah Wilke	Arlene Hannah Butter	Hannah Wilke ( born Arlene Hannah Butter March 7 1940 January 28 1993 ) was an American painter sculptor photographer video artist and performance artist .
per:origin(e1,e2)	Holly Brook	American	Holly Brook Hafermann ( born February 23 1986 ) known professionally as Skylar Grey is an American multi-instrumentalist and singer and songwriter .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Ma Ying-jeou	Kuomintang	President Ma Ying-jeou in his capacity as Kuomintang chairman will tour Taiwan early next year to thank voters for their support in the Dec. 5 local elections and stump for party candidates in the upcoming legislative by-elections a KMT official said Monday .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	William Tubman	Liberia	A longtime friend of William Tubman the president of Liberia he helped form ( 1947 ) and headed as board chairman the Liberia Company a partnership between the Liberian government and American financiers to provide funds for the development of that African nation .
org:founded(e1,e2)	Tosca	1994	Tosca is an electronic music project of Richard Dorfmeister and Rupert Huber formed 1994 in Vienna .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	IRS Airlines	Abuja	IRS Airlines Limited is an airline based in Abuja Nigeria .
org:members(e2,e1)	Persepolis	Iran Pro League	Hossein Ebrahimi ( born August 3 1990 in Astaneh ) is an Iranian footballer who currently plays for Iranian giant Persepolis of Iran Pro League as a Midfielder .
no_relation	Lawren Harris	Canadian	He became friends with Group of Seven artists A.Y. Jackson and Lawren Harris sharing their love of the rugged Canadian landscape .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Exchequer	David Lloyd George	In the budget of 1909 the then Chancellor of the Exchequer David Lloyd George combined these grants into a single tax on petrol and a duty on the rated horsepower of motor cars .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Afghanistan	Gulbuddin Hekmatyar	Staffan de Mistura the special UN representative in Afghanistan met with delegates from Hezb-e-Islami headed by warlord Gulbuddin Hekmatyar .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Estonia	Tallinn University	Currently he is the head coach of his last team Tartu and assistant coach of the Estonia national basketball team.Gert ja treenerina SPORT.ERR.EE was born in Tallinn Estonia and made his senior club debut with TPI ( Tallinn University of Technology ) team in Estonian SSR Championship ( today Korvpalli Meistriliiga ) .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Kallio	Finland	After the resignation of President Kallio during the Interim Peace Risto Ryti was elected by the Parliament as the new president of Finland on December 19 1940 and Rangell rose to the position of Prime Minister .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	NY	Antoine Thompson	In NY the Decency Initiative is supporting divestment legislation sponsored by State Senator Antoine Thompson of Buffalo with the aim of eliminating offensive content .
org:founded_by(e2,e1)	Chevrolet	GM Korea	In 2005 Chevrolet was relaunched in Europe primarily selling vehicles manufactured by GM Korea and slotting in below Opel .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Guyana	Cheddi Jagan	On 10 September 1995 Guyana 's Prime Minister Cheddi Jagan officially designated September as Amerindian Heritage Month .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	The Golden Palominos	Restless	Drunk with Passion is the fifth album by The Golden Palominos released on September 17 1991 through Restless Records .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Rothesay Netherwood School	New Brunswick	At the age of 16 he attended the private boys school Rothesay Collegiate School ( now Rothesay Netherwood School ) in Rothesay New Brunswick .
org:founded_by(e2,e1)	Oslo Sporveier	Oslo trolleybus	In 1940 Oslo Sporveier set up the Oslo trolleybus network a network of four trolleybus routes but is was abandoned in 1967 .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Schaumburg High School	Schaumburg	On October 19 1974 district residents approved a $ 22 million referendum which provided funds for a sixth high school ; an addition to Schaumburg High School which increased its capacity to students ; the addition of auditoriums and pools at Conant Schaumburg and Fremd High Schools ; a pool at Hoffman Estates High School ; and a District warehouse .
per:cities_of_residence(e2,e1)	Leeds	Nick Hodgson	Kaiser Chiefs were formed in 1997 in Leeds England by classmates Nick Hodgson ( drums ) Nick Baines ( keyboards ) and Simon Rix ( bass ) .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Lebanese Armed Forces	Lebanon	In May 1991 the militias ( with the important exception of Hizballah ) were dissolved and the Lebanese Armed Forces began to slowly rebuild themselves as Lebanon 's only major non-sectarian institution .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Li	China	In his speech Li said it is such a pleasure to celebrate the 60th anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic of China together with Pakistani friends who take the Chinese National Day as their own .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Cheddi Jagan	Guyana	South Dakota Circuit is a permanent motor racing track in Timehri behind the Cheddi Jagan International Airport Guyana .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Pierre de Fermat	France	Still you might be surprised to learn that Pierre de Fermat of 1600s France actually did almost no publications and all his discoveries were via letters that he sent to various other mathematicians and scientists in which he usually announced his results and only sometimes gave his full proofs ( a secretiveness that he shared with Sir Isaac Newton until Newton was persuaded by the Royal Society to publish to counteract Leibniz ' publications in a sort of national contest sense ) .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Amity	India	Amity was India 's first private university slated to implement reservations for both faculty as well as students The school started with an enrollment of 120 students .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Electrolux	Stockholm	Electrolux shares opened 4.27 percent lower at 179 kronor in early deals on the Stockholm stock exchange with the overall market 0.18 percent higher .
org:top_members/employees(e2,e1)	Dr. James L. Edwards	Anderson University	Dr. James L. Edwards Ph.D is the current president of the Anderson University a position he has held since July 1 1990 and the President of the Anderson School of Theology .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Robert Lees	United States	These writers included Robert Lees ( credited as J. E. Selby ) and Adrian Scott one of the Hollywood Ten who went to prison for contempt of the United States Congress .
no_relation	Canada	Stephen Harper	The new leader of Canada 's once-dominant Liberal party says he 'll topple Prime Minister Stephen Harper 's Conservative government next month if the government does not present a federal budget that's in the national interest .
no_relation	Kinky Friedman	Texas	Josh Alan has recorded and/or played with Sara Hickman Keb ' Mo ' Kinky Friedman Bugs Henderson Phoebe Legere and was a perennial opener in Texas for dozens of rock and blues acts including Johnny Winter Clarence Gatemouth Brown War Huey Lewis and the News Bad Company Mitch Ryder Michael Nesmith and Wanda Jackson .
no_relation	He	Ontario	He left Ryerson in 1985 several months before graduating in order to accept a position with the Stratford Shakespeare Festival in Stratford Ontario where he spent five seasons performing .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Jewel	United States	Jewel 's story is all too familiar for many young people in the United States .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Pertamina	Jakarta	Secioria was born in Garut Indonesia and died at Pertamina Jaya Hospital Cempaka Putih Jakarta due to complications from kidney disease .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Birmingham City University	England	The International Project Space ( sometimes referred to as IPS : Bournville ) is an art gallery located at the Bournville Centre for Visual Arts a campus of Birmingham City University 's Birmingham Institute of Art and Design in the Bournville district of Birmingham England .
org:members(e2,e1)	OPEC	Ecuador	The OPEC is a cartel of 12 developing countries made up of Algeria Angola Ecuador Iran Iraq Kuwait Libya Nigeria Qatar Saudi Arabia the United Arab Emirates and Venezuela .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Chenab College	Pakistan	Chenab College Chiniot is a college campus located on the bypass of Chiniot in Chiniot District Pakistan .
org:alternate_names(e1,e2)	Nippon Oil	refiner	Under the agreement CNPC will take a 49 percent stake in Nippon Oil 's refinery in Osaka western Japan while the Japanese refiner will keep 51 percent a Nippon Oil spokesman said .
org:members(e2,e1)	Assam Regiment	Army	The Assam Regiment is an infantry regiment of the Indian Army .
org:alternate_names(e2,e1)	Marine Helicopter Training Squadron 301	HMT-301	Marine Helicopter Training Squadron 301 ( HMT-301 ) was a United States Marine Corps helicopter training squadron stationed at Marine Corps Base Hawaii .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Sri Sumangala College	Rankoth Viharaya	Sri Sumangala College in Panadura Sri Lanka was founded on March 3 1909 at Rankoth Viharaya in memory of Ven.Weligama Sri Sumangala Thero who played an important role in Sri Lankan Buddhism .
org:alternate_names(e1,e2)	university	University of Wales	The university reports that it is supporting its previously existing students who are continuing to study for a University of Wales degree .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Whoopi Goldberg	New York	The episode features the return of special guest stars Whoopi Goldberg as New York Academy of Dramatic Arts ( NYADA ) dean Carmen Tibideaux and Kate Hudson as NYADA dance instructor Cassandra July on the eve of the school's Winter Showcase .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Interior	Harold L. Ickes	In 1933 he left Yale to become the Assistant Solicitor at the Department of Interior under Harold L. Ickes .
per:title(e2,e1)	President	Paul Biya	The Head of state of The republic of Cameroon are Mbida Prime Minister of eastern Cameroon between 1957 and 1958 Ahmadou Ahidjo President of the federal Republic of Cameroon 1960-1972 and Paul Biya 1982-present President of the Republic of Cameroon .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	Scripps Networks Interactive	HGTV	A new company called Scripps Networks Interactive will take national cable networks such as the Food Network and HGTV and online shopping businesses while the E.W. Scripps company focuses on newspapers and broadcast TV stations .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	John Sherman	Treasury	John Sherman utilized his self-appointed Treasury Department employees to meet up at local caucuses across the South to guarantee a loyal state delegation .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	his	Interior	According to House's diaries Lane while reluctant to leave his position as chairman was willing to serve in the Interior position if offered .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Malaysia	AirAsia X	Malaysia 's AirAsia X to offer KL-Perth flights .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	NFU Mutual	NFU	In 1909 the NFU Mutual was formed to offer insurance as an inducement for farmers to join the NFU .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Ernest Bai Koroma	Sierra Leone	Foreign ministry official Sullay Daramy says Ernest Bai Koroma and other members of Sierra Leone delegation departed Freetown Sierra Leone on Tuesday morning .
per:alternate_names(e2,e1)	Henry	Henry IV of England	P.S. I suppose I should mention the contemporary testimony on which I posted this past week which indicates that on Sunday the Feast of Palm Sunday in the third year of the reign of our most reverend lord [ King Henry IV ] that a tailor's wife in a village near Baldock claimed that King Henry IV of England was the bastard son of a butcher of Ghent .
no_relation	March 19 1979	C-SPAN	On March 19 1979 he became the first member of Congress to appear on C-SPAN .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	University Health Network	Toronto General Hospital	A core member of the network is University Health Network itself a specialized federation of Toronto General Hospital Princess Margaret Cancer Centre Toronto Western Hospital and Toronto Rehabilitation Institute .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Japan	Weekly Shnen Jum	in Japan are written and drawn by Akira Amano and have been serialized in Weekly Shnen Jum p by Shueisha since its premiere on May 31 2004 and ran until its conclusion in November 12 2012 with the final 42nd volume released in March 2013 .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Idaho	Idaho Falls High School	After returning to Idaho he coached the Idaho Falls High School football team until 1934 .
no_relation	Louisville and Indiana Railroad	1994	The rest of the original line from Columbus north to Indianapolis is now owned by the Louisville and Indiana Railroad ( LIRC ) which bought it from Conrail in March 1994 .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Israel Defense Forces	Israel	The Israel Defense Forces ( IDF ) on Wednesday confirmed that their soldiers killed an armed man along Egyptian border this morning who was engaged in a terrorist attack against Israel .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Staff	McLarty	Co-written by Chief of Staff McLarty it criticized five White House officials included McLarty himself Watkins Kennedy Cornelius and another for dismissing the Travel Office members improperly for appearing to pressure the FBI into its involvement and for allowing friends of the Clintons to become involved in a matter they had a business stake in .
per:spouse(e2,e1)	Amanda Noar	Neil Morrissey	Amanda Noar ( born 1962 ) is an English actress director and choreographer and is the former wife of actor Neil Morrissey .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Kim	National Defence Commission	Kim was appointed to the National Defence Commission in 1988 .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	Nokia	Navteq	Jari Honko an analyst at eQ Bank in Helsinki said Nokia is extremely driven in its strategy to move into mobile services and called Navteq the most significant player in its field .
no_relation	New York	Ambrose	The main shipping channel through Lower New York Bay is the Ambrose Channel feet wide and dredged to a depth of 40 feet .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Prachanda	Nepal	Prachanda 's rise to power has been a remarkable journey for the former school teacher whose party waged a bloody civil war in Nepal until only two years ago .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	He	Euphonic	He is currently signed to the German record label Euphonic where he has been since 1997 when the label was first established .
per:country_of_birth(e1,e2)	John Davis	Australian	John Davis was born on July 28 1958 in Adelaide South Australia of Indigenous Australian Welsh Spanish and German ancestry .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Paraguay	Alfredo Stroessner	President Fernando Lugo apologized Thursday on behalf of Paraguay to victims of the 1954-1989 dictatorship of the late Gen. Alfredo Stroessner .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Oklahoma	University of Oklahoma	The 1996 Oklahoma Sooners football team represented the University of Oklahoma during the 1997 NCAA Division I-A football season .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	National Australia Bank	Melbourne	I think some of the US dollar strength is dropping oil prices a little bit said Ben Westmore a minerals and energy economist with the National Australia Bank in Melbourne .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	Royal Navy	Marines	During the Napoleonic Wars the Royal Navy suffered from manpower problems in the Marines and so regular Infantry units from the Army often had to be used as shipboard replacements .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Salvador i Solsona	Environment and Housing	Salvador i Solsona is the former Minister of the Environment and Housing of the Catalan Government by the Iniciativa per Catalunya Verds ( ICV ) party .
org:members(e1,e2)	Nederland	Nederland 3	Until 1989 Netherlands Public Broadcasting was the only television network in the Netherlands with three stations Nederland 1 Nederland 2 and Nederland 3 .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Council for National Security	Sonthi Boonyaratglin	Thai Army Chief and Chairman of the Council for National Security ( CNS ) Sonthi Boonyaratglin on Monday warned more attacks from those behind the bomb attacks in Bangkok on New Year Eve .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	Sharpton	Brooklyn	Sharpton held in a Puerto Rican lockup for two days and then imprisoned at Metropolitan Detention Center Brooklyn on May 25 2001 has the Federal Bureau of Prisons ID # 21458-069 .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Apl.de.Ap	Philippines	During an interview made by The Huffington Post on 2012 Apl.de.Ap stated that he has plans on launching his own talent show in the Philippines .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Skybucket	Dan Sartain	Artists with releases on the Skybucket Records label include : Dan Sartain toured with the White Stripes 13ghosts of the dirty south ( Birmingham Alabama ) began as a recording project in 1998 .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Strijdom	National Party	In 1929 Strijdom was elected to the House of Assembly as MP for Waterberg representing the National Party ( NP ) headed by General J.B.M. Hertzog .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Citrix Systems	Fort Lauderdale	Most of the early employees of the company including co-founders Scott Kinnear Scott Clark and Bill Madden had worked together previously at Citrix Systems a Fort Lauderdale Florida-based technology company .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Ralph	Australia	Ralph was imprisoned for stealing 20 ewes and 20 lambs tried and convicted on 14 August 1819 in Newcastle-Upon-Tyne where he was sentenced to life transportation to Australia .
per:title(e1,e2)	Isabella of France	Queen consort	She was jailed on account of having ordered an armed assault on Isabella of France Queen consort of King Edward II of England .
org:alternate_names(e1,e2)	Georgia Tech Yellow Jackets	Georgia Institute of Technology	The 1990 Georgia Tech Yellow Jackets football team represented the Georgia Institute of Technology in the 1990 NCAA Division I-A football season .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Democrat	Carl Levin	According to the Senate Rules Committee all proposed legislation messages petitions memorials and other matters relating to the following subjects are referred to the Armed Services Committee : The committee is chaired by Democrat Carl Levin of Michigan and the Ranking Member is Republican James Inhofe of Oklahoma .
per:country_of_birth(e1,e2)	Sofia Rotaru	Ukraine	In 2002 Sofia Rotaru was awarded the title Hero of Ukraine .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Vietnam	Ho Chi Minh	Taiwan's new representative to Vietnam traveled Friday to Ho Chi Minh City an economic center in the southeast Asian country for a two-day visit to Taiwanese businesses operating there .
per:spouse(e2,e1)	Bill Clinton	she	You probably like it that it has come down to Texas Bill Clinton said Wednesday while campaigning for Hillary Clinton in Beaumont Texas If she wins Texas and Ohio I think she will be the nominee .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Bourne Grammar School	Lincolnshire	Sedwill attended Bourne Grammar School in Bourne Lincolnshire becoming the Head Boy .
per:country_of_birth(e1,e2)	Laghdaf	Mauritania	This government was composed of 28 members aside from Laghdaf Mauritania 's Ruling body forms maiden Cabinet African Press Agency September 1 2008 .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Egypt	Hosni Mubarak	-- Prime Minister of the Democratic Republic of Congo Adolphe Muzito visits Egypt expected to meet Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak on Nile river water-sharing .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Portland General Electric	Oregon	It said it will sell 141 wind turbines to the Portland General Electric Co. which will complete the Biglow Canyon wind farm project in Oregon providing some 325 Megawatts of power enough for approximately households .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	he	Russia	In 1679 he was appointed voyevoda ( governor-duke ) of Vyatka in central Russia and after a few years was granted an estate and principality of Yaropolcha in Volokolamsk Uyezd .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e2,e1)	South Dakota	Thune	No members of the South Dakota Democratic Party filed to challenge Thune .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Wade	PDS	Wade rejoined the government as Minister of State in March 1995 but he and the other PDS ministers left again in March 1998 .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Confederation of Trade Unions of the Republic of Moldova	Moldova	The Confederation of Trade Unions of the Republic of Moldova ( CSRM ) is a national trade union center in Moldova .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Mexico	Adriana Barraza	The sweeping ensemble drama Babel was close behind with seven including best picture and acting honors for two newcomers to U.S. audiences Mexico 's Adriana Barraza and Japan's Rinko Kikuchi .
no_relation	Gallegos	Venezuela	The Gallegos Municipality is one of the nine municipalities ( municipios ) that makes up the Venezuelan state of Cojedes and according to a 2007 population estimate by the National Institute of Statistics of Venezuela the municipality has a population of .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	MOSH mobile	Indiana	MOSH mobile was an MVNO that was an invite only service created in Indiana United States .
org:city_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Detroit	GMAC	But the Detroit automaker said it would have made $ 180 million ( euro136 .54 million ) in the quarter without the GMAC proceeds .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Treasury	Paul O'Neill	Among those who have used it in this way are South African politicians Thabo Mbeki and Nkosazana Dlamini-Zuma Address by Minister Dlamini Zuma to the South African Institute of International Affairs Johannesburg 30 January 2001 Chevron CEO David J. O'Reilly US Treasury Secretary Paul O'Neill and celebrity campaigner Bono .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Francisco	Central America	Francisco briefly headed a Federal Republic of Central America .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Prachanda	Nepal	Prachanda garlanded after winning Nepal election April 2008 : .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	University of Manchester	Manchester	For the University of Manchester he recently initiated a series of ' Interfaculty Lectures ' and with friends in Manchester Metropolitan University and the City is planning a major local history festival for 2009 .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	China	Wang Lei	The Poland-China encounter was a cruel one with Polish fencer Tomasz Motyka and China 's Wang Lei tied at a thrilling 44-44 .
no_relation	March 26	Halston	The end came at 11:22 P.M. on March 26 when Halston 57 succumbed to Kaposi's sarcoma .
per:cities_of_residence(e2,e1)	London	he	In an issue of New Statesman published on 20 December 1999 an article titled My Vision for London included the McLaren Manifesto and there was speculation that McLaren might stand to be elected as Mayor of London although ultimately he did not run .
no_relation	Nelly	Janet Jackson	Hometown rap star Nelly and producer Jermaine Dupri will host a formal gala Sunday in St. Louis with Janet Jackson Ashanti Ruben Studdard and Erykah Badu planning to attend a promoter said .
no_relation	Encore	United States	Encore sold copies in its first two weeks of release in the United States in November 2004 and was certified quadruple-platinum in mid-December .
per:alternate_names(e1,e2)	Gaahl	Kristian Espedal	The Gorgoroth name dispute was in the context of the use of a name for a Norwegian black metal band - which was derived from J. R. R. Tolkien's legendarium - between band founder Infernus ( Roger Tiegs ) and members Gaahl ( Kristian Espedal ) and King ov Hell ( Tom Cato Visnes ) .
no_relation	Lost Highway	Willie Nelson	-- JON PARELES ' MOMENT OF FOREVER ' ( Lost Highway ) Willie Nelson .
org:founded_by(e2,e1)	Yigal Carmon	er of the Middle East Media Research	Yigal Carmon ( Hebrew ) ( born 1946 ) is the president and found er of the Middle East Media Research Institute ( MEMRI ) an organization which monitors and translates Arabic and Persian publications radio and TV broadcasts and religious sermons into many languages and circulates them over the Internet .
org:founded(e1,e2)	De La Salle Philippines	2006	DLSU granted university status on February 1975 is the oldest constituent of De La Salle Philippines ( DLSP ) a network of 17 Lasallian institutions established in 2006 to replace the De La Salle University System. The university started as a boys ' elementary and high school .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	the O'Jays	Bell	I 'll Be Sweeter Tomorrow ( Than I Was Today ) ( also known as I 'll Be Sweeter Tomorrow ) is a 1967 hit single by the O'Jays the band's best-selling single on Bell Records .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Joventut Badalona	Badalona	Club Joventut Badalona also known als dels Catalans is an indoor arena located in Badalona Catalonia Spain .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	college	Quebec	The college traces its origins to the merger of several institutions which became public ones in 1967 with the creation of Quebec 's CEGEPs and the collegiate system .
no_relation	USA	Jack Nicholson	Easy Rider ( 1969 ) : Peter Fonda and Dennis Hopper see the USA on their choppers with Jack Nicholson as a third banana .
org:founded(e1,e2)	Florida Army National Guard	1565	The predecessor of the United States Florida Army National Guard was a Spanish militia that was originally formed in 1565 in the newly established Spanish presidio town of Saint Augustine Florida .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Mikhail Fradkov	Foreign Intelligence Service	The talks leading to the spy swap began when CIA director Leon Panetta approached Mikhail Fradkov the head of Russia's Foreign Intelligence Service with a proposed deal a U.S. official said Friday .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	RAAF	Air Combat Group RAAF	Hupfeld has commanded several RAAF units during his career he has commanded No. 75 Squadron RAAF No. 2 Operational Conversion Unit RAAF No. 81 Wing RAAF and Air Combat Group RAAF .
org:alternate_names(e1,e2)	Rwandair Express	Express	In June 2009 the airline officially re-branded from Rwandair Express to RwandAir because the new name implies a large serious airline while the Express in the former name implies a small regional operation .
per:country_of_birth(e1,e2)	Sergey Aleksandrovich Volkov	Ukraini	Sergey Aleksandrovich Volkov ( Russian : born April 1 1973 in Chuhuiv Ukraini an SSR Soviet Union ) is a Russian cosmonaut .
per:spouse(e1,e2)	She	Gerald Bromfield	She was married to Gerald Bromfield from 1962 to 1970 and they had two children Gerry and Tracy Bromfield .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Stormfront Studios	California	Looking to return to hands-on game development Daglow founded game developer Stormfront Studios in 1988 in San Rafael California .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	PolyGram Filmed Entertainment	Philips	Kerkorian soon expanded the company purchasing Orion Pictures The Samuel Goldwyn Company and Motion Picture Corporation of America from John Kluge's Metromedia in 1998 and a majority to the pre-1996 PolyGram Filmed Entertainment from its parent Philips which was in process to sell PolyGram to Seagram .
org:alternate_names(e1,e2)	Los Angeles Police Department	LAPD	There was always a tense relationship between CSW the businesses on Hollywood Boulevard and the Los Angeles Police Department ( LAPD ) so in 1979 the parade and festival were moved to the more friendly environs of Santa Monica Boulevard in the soon-to-be-incorporated ( 1984 ) City of West Hollywood California .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Iceland	Geir Haarde	Iceland 's Prime Minister Geir Haarde said Tuesday his centre - right Independence Party had agreed to form a government with the Social Democratic Alliance .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	James Madison	Montpelier	James Madison 's great investigation into the principles and ideas of government occurred at his beloved Montpelier where he read thought and conceived of the foundation of democracy upon which our country still stands .
per:cities_of_residence(e2,e1)	St. Louis	Chingy	St. Louis ' own Chingy was an emerging artist mainly from the help he received from Nelly the biggest premiere rap artist to so far come out of the Gateway City .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Roosevelt Academy	Middelburg	Since 2002 Diekstra is director of the Center for Youth and Development in The Hague The Netherlands and since 2004 he is head of the social science department and professor of psychology at the Roosevelt Academy in Middelburg the Honors College of the University of Utrecht .
no_relation	Elvis Presley	Floyd Cramer	Cash in turn invited Orbison to a concert at Midland High School on the evening of October 12 1955 starring Elvis Presley and featuring himself Wanda Jackson Floyd Cramer Porter Wagoner Bobby Lord Jimmy C. Newman and Jimmy Day ( 1934 1999 ) .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Houston	United States	Austin the capital of the south-central U.S. state of Texas is the fourth largest city in the state while Houston located in east Texas is the largest city in the state and the fourth - largest city in the United States .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Suharto	Indonesia	BIDA is an institution formed by former president Suharto in 1971 which is accountable to the president to develop Batam island as the first International scale Industrial zone in Indonesia to compete with similar zones in the Asia Pacific region .
per:spouse(e2,e1)	actress	Jeff Richmond	Emmy voters noticed as well doling out nominations to 30 Rock for best comedy best actor in a comedy ( Baldwin ) best actress ( Fey ) and even best theme song ( a hip confection of bebop and doo-wop that was written by Fey's husband Jeff Richmond who also contributed original music to Saturday Night Live ) .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Indiana	James Eli Watson	Robert L. Fleegler Theodore G. Bilbo and the Decline of Public Racism 1938-1947 The Journal of Mississippi History Spring 2006 United States Senator from Indiana James Eli Watson ( Republican ) was a defendant in a lawsuit wherein it was alleged by William M. Rogers an avowed Klansman that Watson had forced him to sign an affidavit recanting testimony before a Senate committee that Watson was also a member of the Ku Klux Klan .
no_relation	Georgia Tech Research Institute	Georgia Institute of Technology	Since February 2011 McGrath has been the director of the Georgia Tech Research Institute and a vice president of the Georgia Institute of Technology .
no_relation	I	Blackpool	When I was 14 I used to go to Disco Beat in Blackpool with my friend .
org:top_members/employees(e2,e1)	Sun Laiyan	China National Space Administration	We have a very open program and we are willing to cooperate according to common international practices said Sun Laiyan head of the China National Space Administration .
org:members(e2,e1)	The Art Institute of Boston	Lesley University	She received a BFA in Illustration and Animation at The Art Institute of Boston at Lesley University in 2006 .
org:alternate_names(e2,e1)	Walt Disney Studios	Disney	Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures is noteworthy for having six films that have surpassed the $ 1-billion-mark in worldwide ticket sales : Disney is the only major Hollywood studio that has released more than four films that have crossed the $ 1-billion-mark ( in worldwide grosses ) .
per:cities_of_residence(e2,e1)	Fort Wayne	Tom Hayhurst	He was to face Democrat Fort Wayne councilman Tom Hayhurst .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Ho Chi Minh	Vietnam	The prize is named for Ho Chi Minh and is considered one of the highest honors bestowed by Vietnam .
per:spouse(e2,e1)	George	Mary of Teck	Presented at Christmas 1933 by King George V of the United Kingdom as a gift for his wife Queen Mary of Teck and remains a part of the Royal Collection of Queen Elizabeth II .
org:alternate_names(e2,e1)	United Automobile	United Auto Workers	The following is a list of local unions belonging to the United Automobile Aerospace and Agricultural Implement Workers of America better known as the United Auto Workers ( UAW ) .
per:alternate_names(e2,e1)	Barry Adrian Reese	Cassidy	Barry Adrian Reese ( born July 7 1982 ) better known by his stage name Cassidy is an American hip hop recording artist from Philadelphia Pennsylvania .
per:alternate_names(e2,e1)	Pierre Bruno Hugo Fontana	Hugo del Carril	Pierre Bruno Hugo Fontana otherwise known as Hugo del Carril ( 30 November 1912 13 August 1989 in Buenos Aires ) was an Argentine film actor film director and tango singer of the classic era .
org:founded(e1,e2)	Aircraft	1977	On 29 April 1977 BAC the Hawker Siddeley Group and Scottish Aviation were nationalised and merged under the provisions of Aircraft and Shipbuilding Industries Act 1977 .
org:members(e2,e1)	University of Houston	NCAA	Maybe congressional Republicans are rooting for the University of Houston Cougars to upset the Maryland Terrapins in the first round of the NCAA men's basketball tournament on Friday .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	General Motors	Chevrolet	General Motors Co. is recalling about heavy-duty Chevrolet Express and GMC Savana vans because of a faulty alternator .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	SST	Hub	Clubs that take place in SST or consist primarily of SST students include Robotics Drama Mock Trial M.U.N ( Model United Nations ) Hub ( newspaper ) Green Club Leadership and Yearbook .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	University of Hamburg	Hamburg	The University of Hamburg ( ) is a university in Hamburg Germany .
per:spouse(e1,e2)	Stanwyck	Robert Taylor	Stanwyck 's husband Robert Taylor was serving in the U.S. military in World War II .
per:country_of_birth(e1,e2)	Honda	Japan	Scorers : Keisuke Honda ( Japan ) 17 ; Yasuhito Endo ( Japan ) 30 ; Jon Dahl Tomasson ( Denmark ) 81 .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Bradfield College	England	He was born in Esquimalt the son of Charles Edward Pooley and was educated at Bradfield College in Berkshire England .
per:spouse(e2,e1)	Stallybrass	Gilmore	In order to become a ship-owner he married Anne Webster ( Anne Stallybrass ) who was some years his senior ( in real life Stallybrass was seven years younger than Gilmore ) .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	SPDC	Maung Aye	In April 2006 Myanmar SPDC Vice-Chairman Vice Senior-General Maung Aye visited Moscow during which the two countries signed a memorandum of understanding on strategic cooperation in petroleum sector two agreements on cooperation in combating illicit trafficking of narcotic drugs and psychotropic substances and their precursors and in mutual protection of classified information .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Japan	Marubeni	Under the accord Aeon Japan 's largest supermarket operator will take a 15 percent interest in its rival Daiei from trading house Marubeni which currently controls 44 percent the Nikkei business daily said .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	Ryan Malcolm	Kingston	In its six seasons the winners and runners-up were : In the first season which debuted on June 9 2003 Ryan Malcolm of Kingston Ontario won with Gary Beals of Dartmouth Nova Scotia coming in second .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	Newfoundland Power	St. John's	Newfoundland Power a subsidiary of St. John's - based Fortis Inc. is the retailer of electricity for most areas in the province .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Tommy Thompson	Health and Human Services	The position was not filled until July 15 2002 when Tommy Thompson Health and Human Services Secretary placed John Howard in the post .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Wayne Allard	Colorado	Teets's memo was forwarded to Congress over the Easter weekend but despite the congressional recess was met with dismay by the office of Senator Wayne Allard Republican Senator from Colorado and Representative Louise Slaughter Democrat of New York who have led congressional inquiries into the scandal .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Socialist Labor Party of America	DeLeon	In 1899 a bitter factional fight swept the Socialist Labor Party of America ( SLP ) pitting loyalists to the party's English-language newspaper The People and its intense and autocratic editor Daniel DeLeon against a dissident faction organized around the party's German-language paper the New Yorker Volkszeitung .
per:title(e2,e1)	President	Mahinda Rajapaksa	The bridge was completed and declared open on 20 October 2009 by President Mahinda Rajapaksa along with the Kinniya Bridge .
no_relation	Leonardo da Vinci	Pontormo	Artworks in this section include drawings by Filippo Lippi Leonardo da Vinci Botticelli Donatello Domenico Ghirlandaio Michelangelo Giovanni Bellini Albrecht Corregio Pontormo Giulio Romano Parmigianino Nicolo dell ' Abbate Federico Barocci Rubens Pietro da Cortona Simon Vouet Pierre Puget Rembrandt Salvator Rosa Antoine Watteau Sebastiano Ricci Pierre Bonnard Maurice Denis Edouard Vuillard and Pablo Picasso .
no_relation	The Weavers	Peter	Thomas Zachariah Tom Glazer ( September 2 1914 February 21 2003 ) was an American folk singer and songwriter known primarily as a composer of ballads including : Because All Men Are Brothers recorded by The Weavers and Peter Paul and Mary Talking Inflation Blues recorded by Bob Dylan and A Dollar Ai n't A Dollar Anymore .
per:title(e1,e2)	Beata Moon	composer	Beata Moon ( b. 1969 North Dakota ) is a classical pianist and composer raised in Indiana making her debut at age 8 with the Indianapolis Symphony Orchestra .
per:title(e2,e1)	actor	James Drury	He is the son of actor James Drury .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Lafayette High School	Williamsburg	Oregon born alternative pop artist Reni Lane ( previously spelled Reni Laine ) was featured as a concert and jazz pianist as well as trombonist in the Lafayette High School Ram band in Williamsburg Virginia before moving to New York City when she was 18 to attend Columbia University .
no_relation	She	India	She is nearly killed by the criminals after her disguise is spoiled but Arun invisibly rescues her styling himself Mr. India .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Treasury	Robert M. Kimmitt	The political significance of having 60 countries there in what I think will be the first international agreement between Iraq and the world community in decades -- our research certainly has n't found one since the 1950s -- I think itself is a moment of political significance quite apart from whatever economic/financial result it might entail Deputy Treasury Secretary Robert M. Kimmitt told reporters on the plane carrying Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice en route to Egypt .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Oaks Christian High School	Westlake Village	Owusu graduated from Oaks Christian High School in Westlake Village California and was ranked as the 36th best wide receiver in the nation .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Spain	European Central Bank	Spain 's premier Jose Luis Zapatero blamed the European Central Bank for making matters worse by raising interest rates .
org:city_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Tianjin	Tianjin Metro	Xizhan Station ( ) Tianjin West Railway Station Station in English is a station of Line 1 of the Tianjin Metro .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	He	California	He was appointed by Governor Earl Warren as chairman of the California Centennial Commission 1948 - 1950 .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Massachusetts	Boston College Eagles	Mark Hartsell ( born December 7 1973 in Brockton Massachusetts ) is a former quarterback for the Boston College Eagles and Chicago Bears .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Syd Barrett	Pink Floyd	Peace the Spork Out goes to Syd Barrett founder of Pink Floyd .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Nasr	Cairo	St Fatima School is a school in Nasr City Cairo Egypt .
per:title(e1,e2)	He	Virginia	He served in this capacity during all of the First Corps ' engagements in both the Army of Northern Virginia and the Army of Tennessee until the spring of 1864 .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Birla Institute of Technology and Science	Pilani	He is an alumnus of Indian Institute of Management Ahmedabad and Birla Institute of Technology and Science ( Pilani ) .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	Royal Dutch Shell	Shell Oil Company	Shell Aircraft International based at Rotterdam Airport operates aircraft for Royal Dutch Shell headquarters and for two Shell group operating companies Shell Oil Company in the USA and Shell Canada Limited .
org:top_members/employees(e2,e1)	Klaus Zumwinkel	Telekom	Lehner will succeed Klaus Zumwinkel the former CEO of Deutsche Post AG who resigned both that post and the chairmanship of Telekom 's board this month after becoming entangled in a massive German tax-evasion investigation .
org:alternate_names(e2,e1)	GMA Network	GMA Films	GMA Network Films Inc. ( formerly Cinemax Films commonly known simply as GMA Films ) is a film production company and a film studio established in 1995 by GMA Network Inc. in the Philippines .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	National Police Agency	South Korea	The National Police Agency or NPA is the only police organization in South Korea and is run under the Ministry of Public Administration and Security .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Vinoba Bhave University	Hazaribagh	The College is affiliated with Vinoba Bhave University Hazaribagh and is recognized by NCTE Bhubaneshwar .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	National Defense	Fidel V. Ramos	In the 1992 elections he however lost to then Secretary of National Defense Fidel V. Ramos .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Richard Nixon	United States	The county's most famous resident was perhaps Richard Nixon the 37th President of the United States who was born in Yorba Linda and lived in San Clemente for several years following his resignation .
org:top_members/employees(e1,e2)	Polshek Partnership	James Polshek	Founder of Polshek Partnership James Polshek holds the title of Design Counsel and is actively involved on selected projects .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Brann	Brann Stadion	A few weeks later Brann announced that the club will continue with natural grass as the turf at Brann Stadion also in the coming years .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Ukraine	Mykola Azarov	On March 28 Mariupol State University held a solemn ceremony on occasion of being awarded the Letter of Acknowledgement of the Cabinet of Ministers in recognition of the tangible contribution into development of national education strengthening of the international authority of Ukraine and training of highly qualified specialists signed by Mykola Azarov Prime Minister of Ukraine ( Resolution of the Cabinet of Minister of Ukraine 22525 dated of December 28 2011 ) .
org:members(e2,e1)	Virginia Military Institute	Division I	The 2011 12 VMI Keydets basketball team represents the Virginia Military Institute in the 2011 12 NCAA Division I men's basketball season .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	Birds of Tokyo	Perth	Birds of Tokyo also performed at the Perth leg of the 2007 Big Day Out and the at Blackjack 2007 ( the relocated Rock-It festival ) .
per:country_of_birth(e1,e2)	Louise Laroche	France	Louise Laroche was born on July 2 1910 in Paris France to Joseph Philippe Lemercier Laroche and his wife Juliette Lafargue .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	his	Texas	On March 28 2002 Lovett was caught by a bull and rammed into a fence on his uncle's farm in Klein Texas before being pulled to safety .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Mykola Azarov	Ukraine	In April 2011 Prime Minister Mykola Azarov of Ukraine met with the President of Brazil Dilma Rousseff in Sanya .
per:title(e2,e1)	Governor	Dirk Kempthorne	During his 2006 State of the State Address Idaho Governor Dirk Kempthorne declared his vision of the park's future : Eagle Island State Park along the Boise River with our rapid population growth will become as valuable to the Treasure Valley as Central Park is to New York City .
org:alternate_names(e2,e1)	University of California	UCM	In 2005 the city became home to the tenth University of California campus University of California Merced ( UCM ) the first research university built in the U.S. in the 21st century .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	United States	AOL	But it is the third most popular social networking Web site in the United States and to the besieged Internet company AOL it is worth $ 850 million .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	Birmingham Business School	University of Birmingham	Since 2007 Czinkota has been a professor ( chair ) at Birmingham Business School University of Birmingham who is responsible for researching and teaching .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Manntis	Century Media	They recorded a cover of Lacuna Coil's Heaven's a Lie with the band Manntis as part of Century Media Records's Covering 20 Years of Extreme cover album .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e2,e1)	Kentucky	Mitch McConnell	Lunsford was the Democratic nominee for Kentucky 's United States Senate seat but was defeated by Mitch McConnell in the November 4 2008 election .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	Graphic Data	Royal Bank of Scotland	It belonged to MailSource UK -- an arm of Graphic Data an archiving company that holds financial information for Royal Bank of Scotland NatWest and American Express .
per:country_of_birth(e1,e2)	Aditya Narayan	India	Aditya Narayan Jha born 6 August 1987 in Mumbai Maharashtra India commonly known as Aditya Narayan is an actor television host and music composer singer .
no_relation	COSATU	SADTU	1 COSATU ; 2 NUM ; 3 SADTU ; 4 NUM ; 5 CWU ; 6 SAMA ; 7 SADTU .
no_relation	Haya de la Torre	Socialist Party of Peru	The most recognized universities are the National University of Trujillo one of the most important universities in which was created on May 10 1824 by Simon Bolivar and from their classrooms graduated poets : Vallejo who was one of the leading representatives of the North Group Alejandro Romualdo political philosophers : Antenor Orrego political ideologues : Haya de la Torre ( APRA ) Luciano Castillo ( Socialist Party of Peru ) economists Luis Alva Pacific Huaman Cesar Liza Jaime Verastegui writers : Ciro Eduardo Gonzalez .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Saint Anselm College	Goffstown	Bishop Samra earned the B.A. at Saint Anselm College Goffstown New Hampshire and a B.D. from St. John's Seminary in Brighton Massachusetts .
per:alternate_names(e2,e1)	Gibraltar	Peter Caruana	The congrgation was headed by Governor of Gibraltar Sir Adrian Johns Chief Minister of Gibraltar Peter Caruana Leader of the Opposition Joe Bossano and other local dignitaries and representatives from various faiths .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Tokyo	Hitotsubashi University	Murata was a native of Tokyo and a graduate of the Tokyo Higher Commerce School ( now Hitotsubashi University ) .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Executive Council	W. T. Cosgrave	In 1922 30 Senators had been elected by and 30 had been nominated by the President of the Executive Council W. T. Cosgrave .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Michael Wynne	Air Force	Get Secretary of the Air Force Michael Wynne and his top airman Air Force Chief of Staff Gen. T. Michael Moseley in a room packed with journalists and one question was sure to hit them this week : .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Creighton University	Nebraska	Creighton University Observatory is located on the Creighton University campus in Omaha Nebraska .
org:founded(e2,e1)	1982	Raffles Junior College	In 1982 Raffles Junior College ( RJC ) was established at Paterson Road to take over the school's burgeoning pre-university enrolment .
org:top_members/employees(e1,e2)	This Heat	Charles Bullen	All music written and composed by This Heat ( Charles Bullen Charles Hayward Gareth Williams ) .
per:cities_of_residence(e2,e1)	Long Beach	Bradley Nowell	Skunk Records is a Long Beach California based record label that was founded by Michael Miguel Happoldt and Bradley Nowell in 1990 .
per:cities_of_residence(e2,e1)	Los Angeles	Walter Mosley	That's especially true of the long line of tough but idealistic detectives to operate in and around Los Angeles a line that includes such icons as Raymond Chandler's Philip Marlowe Ross MacDonald's Lew Archer and Walter Mosley 's Easy Rawlins .
no_relation	Tehran	Shahid Beheshti University	Sharif University of Technology Tehran University Shahid Beheshti University Allameh Tabatabaei University and Imam Sadiq University are among universities where he has been teaching finance .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Daphne Koller	Stanford University	Daphne Koller ( born 1968 ) is a American Professor in the Department of Computer Science at Stanford University and a MacArthur Fellowship recipient .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	his	Red Lightnin ' Records	Sharpville first came to public prominence with his 1994 debut blues album release Touch Of Your Love ( Red Lightnin ' Records - RLCD0095 ) .
org:top_members/employees(e2,e1)	Cook	USAA	After retirement Cook was elect to the Board of Directors of Burlington Northern Santa Fe Corporation Crane Corporation HawkerBeechcraft Corporation and USAA Federal Savings Bank .
org:top_members/employees(e2,e1)	Craig Bolton	Sydney Swans	Craig Bolton is the most notable winning premierships with both the Brisbane Lions and the Sydney Swans in a long career .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Karad?i	of Republika Srps	He saw Karad?i ? as the rightful president of Republika Srps ka which in his thoughts is and must be Serbian .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Chile	Salvador Allende	Argentine primary school teacher Bernardo Lejderman and Maria Avalos a Mexican citizen came to Chile in 1971 attracted by their sympathy with Marxist President Salvador Allende .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Tim McIlrath	Rise Against	Started by guitarist Chuck Dietrich the band has featured over 30 members over its long history including Tim McIlrath of Rise Against Matt Caughthran of The Bronx and Dave Hildago Jr. from Social Distortion .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e2,e1)	Montana	Colin Meloy	Tarkio was an alternative country band from Missoula Montana which included Colin Meloy prior to his forming The Decemberists .
no_relation	Boxer	California	Map of the Day : Maybe Boxer Forgot California Is a Pacific State - Politics - The Atlantic .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	Chrysler	Jeep	And he knows the gripes will not go away until DaimlerChrysler AG's Chrysler Group re-establishes its trust with its roughly Chrysler Jeep and Dodge dealers in the U.S .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Shri Mata Vaishno Devi University	Katra	Further on this occasion I take the opportunity to put in the picture that College of Management Shri Mata Vaishno Devi University Katra is publishing a journal - Arth Anvesan -- A Biannual Referred Journal of Management Economics with ISSN 0973-8193 published from Jan - June July - December .
org:founded(e1,e2)	College of Arms	1484	The College of Arms was incorporated in 1484 by King Richard III and is a corporate body consisting of the professional heralds who are delegated heraldic authority by the British monarch .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	New York	Dov Hikind	( IsraelNN.com ) New York State Assemblyman Dov Hikind spent the Purim festival in Sderot learning first-hand what it means to live under fire and delivering love from US Jews.IsraelNationalRadio Yishai Fleisher interviewed the 48th District ( Brooklyn ) Jewish state representative about what brought him to Sderot and what he sees for the future of Jewish leadership on both sides of the Atlantic .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Fontaine	France	The Fontaine Louvois is a monumental public fountain in Square Louvois on the rue Richelieu in the Second Arrondissement of Paris near the entrance of the nationale de France .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Bob Dylan	Columbia	Bob Dylan is the debut album by American singer-songwriter Bob Dylan released in March 1962 by Columbia Records .
per:origin(e2,e1)	Vietnam	Ho Chi Minh	In September 2012 Luu said that friendship and cooperation between Israel and Vietnam had its roots in a meeting in 1946 between Democratic Republic of Vietnam Prime Minister and President Ho Chi Minh and David Ben-Gurion .
no_relation	Pink	Paw Tracks	Unbeknownst to Pink Animal Collective had recently started their own record label Paw Tracks .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Dominici	Dream Theater	Singer Chris Collins handled vocal duties for Majesty but he was subsequently replaced by Charlie Dominici ( and eventually James LaBrie ) and the band was renamed Dream Theater .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Zalman Shazar	Israel	Rachel Katznelson-Shazar ( ) also known as Rachel Shazar ( born 24 October 1885 died 11 August 1975 ) was an active figure in the Zionist movement and wife of Zalman Shazar the third President of the State of Israel .
org:founded(e1,e2)	Football League Two	2004	Football League Two was introduced for the 2004 05 season .
org:members(e1,e2)	Major League Soccer	D.C. United	Four-time Major League Soccer champion D.C. United is being sold to a group including television mogul John Hendricks who owns the natural history Discovery Channel and was a founder of the failed Women's United Soccer Association .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	India	Savitri	In the original edition of his book Hitler's Priestess Nicholas Goodrick-Clarke wrote that Bouchet has been associated with Nazi mysticism and that whilst spending a year in India he met with Savitri Devi to study Kali Yuga and her ideas about Adolf Hitler as an Avatar .
per:origin(e2,e1)	Pakistan	Zulfikar Ali Bhutto	LONDON : Nearly three decades after India was partitioned and the British Raj crumbled Pakistan sneakily waged a diplomatic war like no other in the Kohinoor diamond's blood-soaked 750-year-old history with a populist finely-pitched request from Zulfikar Ali Bhutto to London controversially asking for the gem's return .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Lawrence Technological University	Michigan	On May 21 2006 Bettis received an honorary Doctoral degree from Lawrence Technological University in Southfield Michigan .
per:cities_of_residence(e2,e1)	Memphis	The Honky Tonk Man	His first heel run was in Memphis where alongside Wayne Ferris ( The Honky Tonk Man ) and manager Jimmy Hart he battled the local faces including Jerry Lawler .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Amin	Saudi Arabia	Tanzania and the UNLA took Kampala in April 1979 and Amin fled by air first to Libya and later to a permanent exile at Jeddah Saudi Arabia .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Ireland	Westlife	Ireland 's former Prime Minister Bertie Ahern Elton John's partner David Furnish and members of Irish pop group Westlife joined the ceremony alongside Gately's family and partner Andrew Cowles whom he wed in a civil union in 2006 .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Suharto	Indonesia	As Suharto began a rise which would see him end up as President of Indonesia Umar's career also skyrocketed .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Naviair	Danish Ministry of Transport	Naviair a company under the Danish Ministry of Transport providing air traffic service decided Wednesday to open airspace for all flights until 10 a.m. ( 0900 GMT ) Thursday but will keep Copenhagen Airport open till 2:00 p.m. ( 1300 GMT ) .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Grateful Dead	Phil Lesh	St. Stephen is a song by the Grateful Dead written by Jerry Garcia Phil Lesh and Robert Hunter and originally released on the 1969 studio album Aoxomoxoa .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Austria	Fischer	Austria is willing to further strengthen cooperation with China in the fields of new energy environmental protection ecology and other fields Fischer said .
no_relation	Speed	News Corporation	Speed operates a high-definition simulcast feed that broadcasts in the 720p resolution format the standard HD format for News Corporation 's U.S. television networks .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Thailand	Chatichai Choonhavan	The award was presented to him on 15 September 1990 in Duisburg Germany by the prime minister of Thailand general Chatichai Choonhavan .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e2,e1)	New Mexico	Pete Domenici	Former GOP New Mexico Sen. Pete Domenici and former Clinton budget chief Alice Rivlin co-chairs of a bipartisan debt reduction task force warned Monday that the real problem with the debt begins after the next decade as entitlement costs spiral out of control and revenues are inadequate to deal with a wave of retiring baby boomers .
no_relation	1800	Middlebury College	She has published poems in numerous literary journals and magazines including TriQuarterly The Michigan Quarterly Review Harvard Review Cimarron Review AGNI Ploughshares and Massachusetts Review and in anthologies including The Best American Erotic Poems : From 1800 to the Present ( Sribner 2008 ) and Contemporary Poetry of New England ( Middlebury College Press 2002 ) .
per:country_of_birth(e1,e2)	He	Chile	He was born in Santiago de Chile the son of Juan de Dios y Gana and del Pilar Albano de Vergara .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	BRAC	Dhaka	The Dhaka Stock Exchange is based in the city including many large multinationals and BRAC are based in Dhaka .
no_relation	Gaius Marius	BC	Lucius was son of Marcus Antonius Creticus son of the rhetorician Marcus Antonius Orator executed by Gaius Marius ' supporters in 86 BC and Julia Antonia a cousin of Julius Caesar .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	South Australia	Mike Rann	South Australia's Mary was a rebel who refused to compromise her principles South Australia state premier Mike Rann said .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Mitch McConnell	Kentucky	WASHINGTON : Sunday talk show guests include White House economic adviser Austan Goolsbee members of the Senate Banking Committee ( ABC This Week 1400 GMT ) ; White House economic adviser Lawrence Summers ( CBS Face the Nation 1430 GMT ) ; Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell of Kentucky ( Fox News Sunday 1300 GMT ) .
per:title(e2,e1)	cinematographer	Barry Sonnenfeld	The Coens used cinematographer Barry Sonnenfeld through Miller's Crossing until Sonnenfeld left to pursue his own directing career which includes such films as The Addams Family Get Shorty and Men in Black .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	BMI	Bmibaby	In 2002 BMI set up a low-cost subsidiary Bmibaby using Boeing 737s which were displaced after BMI's fleet renewal programme favoured an all-Airbus fleet .
per:title(e1,e2)	Yuki Kajiura	composer	Like in the TV series Yuki Kajiura was the score's composer and was guided by producer Tetsuya Nakatake .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Clorox	Oakland	In 1988 The Clorox Company based in Oakland California entered in a licensing-and-distribution agreement with the German company for North and South America .
org:alternate_names(e1,e2)	institution	California State Normal School	Although the California State Legislature act founding the school referred to the institution as the Normal School of the State of California the institution was commonly referred to as the California State Normal School .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Franklin Pierce	New Hampshire	It feels a bit thinner which actually would be good for spring commencements because it's going to be hot outside said Abbie Tumbleson a senior at Franklin Pierce University in New Hampshire .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	Gazpromavia	Gazprom	The Mi-8 helicopter belonging to Gazpromavia a subsidiary of the Gazprom energy group stopped responding to radio communications at around 1200 GMT while flying over the northern Komi region .
per:country_of_birth(e1,e2)	Chuan Leekpai	Thailand	In the 1990s under the leadership of Chuan Leekpai a native of Trang province in Southern Thailand the Democrats quickly became the dominant party in Southern Thailand .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	Ford Motor Company	Automotive Components Holdings	Ford Motor Company operates a manufacturing facility in Margaretta under its Automotive Components Holdings banner .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	C Television	Tobago	C Television broadcasts from studios at 11 A Maraval Road Port of Spain Trinidad and Tobago which was the home of TTT .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Fatos Nano	Albania	The day after the beginning of Moisiu's presidency Socialist Prime Minister Pandeli Majko resigned and the president appointed Fatos Nano the leader of the Socialist Party the new Prime Minister of Albania .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Verhofstadt	Belgium	Verhofstadt won a seat in May's European elections after stepping down as Belgium 's prime minister last year .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Wales	Arriva North West and Wales	At the bottom of Gwespyr Hill on the A548 coast road is the local Garage ' Lobitos ' which serves Esso petrol fits tyres and exhausts and has a small shop selling groceries ice cream sweets and newspapers.Lobitos Garage started life in the 1950s as a general car repair garage fuel station and cafe serving the locality and holiday traffic along the North Wales coast.Lobitos - Company Bus services are provided by Arriva North West and Wales .
no_relation	Navy	Smith Thompson	jpg | Secretary of War John C. Calhoun of South Carolina Image : SmithThompson.jpg | Secretary of the Navy Smith Thompson of New York File : LangdonCheves.jpg | SBUS President Langdon Cheves of South Carolina File : DeWitt Clinton by Rembrandt Peale.jpg | Governor DeWitt Clinton of New York File : NC-Congress-NathanielMacon .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Crystal Dynamics	Europe	The Unholy War is a PlayStation game developed by Toys For Bob and published by Crystal Dynamics in Europe and Eidos Interactive in North America .
no_relation	UNC	Asian Institute of Technology	He was a trustee at the UNC at Chapel Hill and at the Asian Institute of Technology in Bangkok Thailand .
org:founded(e1,e2)	VASP	1990	Under the Brazilian government's neoliberal policies newly introduced at the time VASP was privatized in 1990 .
no_relation	Pablo Picasso	,	Tourists usually visit the birthplace of Pablo Picasso and the Museo Picasso , the Carmen Thyssen Museum the old town or the beaches .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Paul O'Neill	Treasury	Unlike during rookies ' Paul O'Neill or John Snow's tenures we wo n't get many mistakes to make easy money he said referring to President George W. Bush's first two Treasury secretaries .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Levi Stubbs	Motown	During the groups ' early years such notable future stars as Jackie Wilson Little Willie John Freddie Pride and Levi Stubbs ( later to go on to worldwide fame as lead singer of Motown Records group The Four Tops ) were members .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Council for National Security	Sonthi Boonyaratglin	Political activist Chanapat Na Nakhon the chairman of a political network known as Temujin Network on Thursday submitted a letter to the Council for National Security chief General Sonthi Boonyaratglin at the Royal Thai Army Headquarters .
org:members(e2,e1)	Christopher Newport University	NCAA	The softball team defeated Christopher Newport University to win the NCAA Division III Regional Championship and advanced to the NCAA Division III Final Four .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	his	Spinnin	On 3 March 2008 Sander released his first artist album under the record label Spinnin ' Records .
no_relation	Spelman College	Clayton State University Health Clinic	She is the past Medical Director of Spelman College Health Services and she is the present Medical Director of Clayton State University Health Clinic in Morrow Georgia .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	Aviation Institute	University of Nebraska at Omaha	The research is sponsored by the Aviation Institute at the University of Nebraska at Omaha and Wichita State University .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Union College	NY	His personal papers and photographic archive are housed at the Adirondack Research Library of Union College Niskayuna NY .
org:top_members/employees(e2,e1)	Chauncey Billups	George Washington High School	BKN-BILLUPS-ART ( undated ) -- Chauncey Billups one of the best basketball players to ever come out of Colorado led Denver's George Washington High School to its second consecutive state championship in 1994 .
no_relation	Viveca Paulin	Billy Gibbons	Ferrell's wife Viveca Paulin together with Ben Harper Beck and ZZ Top guitarist Billy Gibbons also joined the band for this final performance .
org:members(e2,e1)	Dartmouth College	Ivy League	This list of Dartmouth College faculty includes current and former instructors and administrators of Dartmouth College an Ivy League university located in Hanover New Hampshire United States .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Republican	Lisa Murkowski	When Republican Sen. Lisa Murkowski cast her last vote _ against the confirmation of Elena Kagan to the Supreme Court _ and headed home to Alaska for the summer recess on Aug. 5 she seemed to have her political prospects well in hand .
no_relation	12 December 2008	Air France-KLM	After the acquisition of Alitalia and Air One by Compagnia Aerea Italiana on 12 December 2008 Air France-KLM has announced it is interested once again in purchasing a participation in the new merged company .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Joliot-Curie	France	He graduated in 1948 earning the French degree of Civil Engineer of Mines ( Civil des Mines equivalent to a Master's degree ) becoming a pupil in the laboratory of Joliot-Curie at the de France during 1949 the year after Curie had directed construction of the first atomic pile within France .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Bell Helicopter	Texas	Michael R. Paine ( born June 25 1928 ) is a retired engineer who worked for Bell Helicopter in Fort Worth Texas in 1963 .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Botswana	Ian Khama	A new breakaway party in Botswana which formed after a split with President Ian Khama 's ruling Democratic Party aims to revamp and restore democracy in the country its spokesman said Tuesday .
per:spouse(e2,e1)	Ptolemy	Cleopatra VII	He died in 51 BC leaving the kingdom to his ten-year-old son Ptolemy XIII Theos Philopator who reigned jointly with his 17-year-old sister and wife Cleopatra VII .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Valdis Zatlers	Latvia	Valdis Zatlers a doctor without political experience was sworn in on Sunday as Latvia 's third president since the Baltic state gained independence in 1991 .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Norfolk State University	Norfolk	After a knee injury ended his career he returned to Norfolk State University in Norfolk Virginia and earned a bachelors degree in Economics and a Master's degree in Urban Studies .
per:title(e2,e1)	Prime Minister	Atef Sedki	He was sentenced to death in absentia in 1993 or 1994 following the attempted assassination of Egyptian Prime Minister Atef Sedki which killed a 12-year old schoolgirl named Shaimaa.Herald Journal Airstrike may have killed key militant : 1st reported death October 19 2001Al-Ahram Egypt's Most Wanted He fled to England in 1994 and was granted political asylum .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Hudson Middle School	Ohio	Hudson Middle School is located at 77 North Oviatt Street in Hudson Ohio .
no_relation	taboo	United States	Cooperation with Russia on security and intelligence matters long a taboo during the Cold War was significantly boosted after the September 11 2001 attacks on the United States .
no_relation	Sophie Lee	Australia	Early in her career Sophie Lee worked as a model both in Australia and Japan appearing in print and on TV .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Quebec	Jean-Jacques Bertrand	The Commission of Inquiry on the Situation of the French Language and Linguistic Rights in Quebec was established under the Union Nationale government of Jean-Jacques Bertrand on December 9 1968 .
per:alternate_names(e1,e2)	Juventud Guerrera	Juventud	He also frequently feuded with La Parka ( although they would team up later in WCW ) as well as Juventud Guerrera and Juventud 's father Fuerza Guerrera .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Solomon Burke	Atlantic	Its most successful version was recorded by singer Solomon Burke as his second single from Atlantic Records in 1961 becoming Burke's first hit single .
per:origin(e1,e2)	Andreas Papandreou	Greek	He joined the Panhellenic Socialist Movement ( PASOK ) a new Party under Andreas Papandreou and achieved re-election in Greek legislative election 1974 .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Sudan	Omar al-Bashir	With the independence of The Republic of South Sudan efforts by Sudanese President Omar al-Bashir to turn Sudan into an Arab Islamist state and persecution of religions and ethnic minorities violence has resumed in non-Arab areas of Sudan .
no_relation	UK	John Barrowman	The company produced eight pantos across the UK in 2005-6 with their flagship production being Cinderella at New Wimbledon starring Susan Hampshire Richard Wilson John Barrowman Naomi Wilkinson Peter Duncan and Tim Vine .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Kiribati	Anote Tong	On World Environment Day in 2008 Kiribati President Anote Tong warned parts of his island nation were already being submerged forcing some of Kiribati's people living in shoreline village communities to be relocated from century-old sites .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Bolivia	Paz Estenssoro	The pivotal historical shift in this story comes with the economic shock imposed in Bolivia in 1985 by the newly elected government of Paz Estenssoro under the advice of Jeffrey Sachs who as Friedman fades from the scene becomes the primary shock doctor in Klein's narrative .
no_relation	It	Suffolk	It is situated in and around Finborough Hall in the village of Great Finborough near Stowmarket Suffolk England .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Defence Services Technological Academy	Myanmar	The Defence Services Technological Academy ( DSTA ) ( ) located in Pyin-Oo-Lwin Myanmar is the premier technological university of the Myanmar Armed Forces .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Gabriel Videla	Chile	She was appointed ambassador in 1946 by the government of President Gabriel Videla as the representative of Chile to the United Nations and head of the Status of Women section .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	He	New Jersey	He became attorney for the Central Railroad of New Jersey the Morris Canal and Banking Company and other corporations .
org:founded_by(e1,e2)	Google	Sergey Brin	| alt = Google 's homepage in 1998 Google began in January 1996 as a research project by Larry Page and Sergey Brin when they were both PhD students at Stanford University in Stanford California .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	PCA	Lilburn	Parkwood Christian Academy ( PCA ) is a private school located in Lilburn Georgia USA .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e2,e1)	Michigan	Terry Crews	Crews was born in Flint Michigan the son of Terry Crews Sr. and Patricia Crews .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Sweden	Bergman	The newspaper said in an editorial that Sweden and Bergman who died on Monday at the age of 89 had long had troubled relations which only eased in the final years of his life as his work gained global acclaim .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Lisa Kelly	Celtic Woman	Lisa Kelly of Celtic Woman included it on her 2006 album Lisa .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	University of Ibadan	Nigeria	Robert Blum Amy Tsui Johns Hopkins Bloomberg School of Public Health Oladosu Ojengbede University of Ibadan Nigeria Adesegun Fatusi Obafemi Awolowo University Nigeria .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Gibraltar	Robert Peliza	The Integration with Britain Party ( IWBP supporter of the integration of Gibraltar into the United Kingdom ) gained support from the independent members of the House of Assembly and its leader Robert Peliza became Chief Minister and remained so for three years .
org:members(e2,e1)	party	Liberal International	The party is a member of Liberal International and the Alliance of Liberals and Democrats for Europe Party .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Israel	Israel Defense Forces	In the years immediately preceding the establishment of the State of Israel in 1948 the Haganah ( precursor to the Israel Defense Forces ) bought the manufacturing rights to the M1941 Johnson from the Winchester Repeating Arms Company and developed the Dror in its own clandestine workshops .
no_relation	Rick Danko	Woodstock	Stan Szelest ( who had been a member of The Hawks even before Ronnie Hawkins and Levon recruited Richard Rick Danko Garth Hudson and Robertson ; and who also in the 1980s played with Levon in the Woodstock All-Stars ) stepped in to play for the reunited Band in Richards's place in 1990 .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	his	Philippines	After his latest battle Pacquiao ( 43-3-2 34 KOs ) will switch focus to the May 14 polls in which he is standing as a congressional candidate in his native Philippines .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	England	Margaret of Anjou	These attempts were concentrated in the north of England and directed by the Lancastrian Queen Margaret of Anjou ( Henry VI's queen ) .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Health	Liow Tiong Lai	Malaysian Health Minister Liow Tiong Lai warned that the recent haze blanketing the Malaysian sky would worsen the flu situation .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	USA	University of Texas at Dallas	Technical Program Committee : Prof. Farhad Arbab CWI and Leiden University Netherlands Dr. Khadim H. Asif University of Engineering and Technology Lahore Pakistan Dr. Azita Bahram Armstrang Atlantic State Univeristy Georgia USA Udayan Banerjee Vice President NIIT Technologies Ltd. India Prof. William Cheng-Chung Chu TungHai University Taiwan Prof. Lawrence Chung University of Texas at Dallas USA Prof. Kevin Daimi Chair Dept. of Math .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Quebec	Jean-Jacques Bertrand	The Quebec Liberal Party led by Robert Bourassa defeated the incumbent Union Nationale led by Jean-Jacques Bertrand .
per:title(e2,e1)	Agriculture	Mike Johanns	U.S. farm policy must shift away from only protecting producers ' pocketbooks to withstand international scrutiny now that most of the nation's cotton is exported Agriculture Secretary Mike Johanns said .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Treasury	Donald Regan	He joined the administration of President Ronald Reagan in 1981 as undersecretary of the Treasury for monetary affairs where he was Treasury Secretary Donald Regan 's principal negotiator on issues of Third World debt and the financing of the International Monetary Fund and other international lending agencies .
org:top_members/employees(e1,e2)	Alfa Group	Mikhail Fridman	Galmond's disputed share in Megafon is currently held by Alfa Group the company fronted by Russian Oligarch Mikhail Fridman .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	RBC Bank	Royal Bank of Canada	RBC Bank the US division of the Royal Bank of Canada acquired 20-year naming rights for a reported $ 80 million .
per:alternate_names(e1,e2)	Jo Grimond	Baron Grimond	She was the sister of Jo Grimond Baron Grimond the leader of the Liberal Party 1956-67 and daughter of Joseph Bowman Grimond of St Andrews Fife .
no_relation	It	Greater Accra Region	It is located at Accra in the Greater Accra Region .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Pacific Sunwear	Anaheim	Pacific Sunwear of California Inc. in Anaheim seller of hot local surf and skate brands such as Roxy Volcom and O'Neill reaps nearly 30 percent of its sales from store labels like Bullhead Kirra Lilu and Nollie .
no_relation	University of South Florida St. Petersburg	St. Petersburg	Pinellas County is home several institutions of higher learning including Eckerd College the University of South Florida St. Petersburg the multi-campus St. Petersburg College the Stetson University College of Law in Gulfport and Clearwater Christian College .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	his	Kenya	However under his leadership competitive elections slowly disappeared as various political parties either joined or were suppressed by the Kenya African National Union ( KANU ) .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Venezuela	Betancourt	As Minister of Mines and Hydrocarbons during the second democratic government of Venezuela the administration of Betancourt ( 1959 1964 ) was responsible for the creation of OPEC ( Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries ) for the purpose of rationalizing and thereby increasing oil prices in the world market .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Northern Illinois University	Illinois	The Northern Illinois Huskies baseball team is a varsity intercollegiate athletic team of Northern Illinois University in DeKalb Illinois USA .
per:country_of_birth(e1,e2)	Shakira	Colombia	For this post I will be focusing on Shakira Isabel Mebarak Ripoll the artist born and raised in Colombia Barranquilla ( cocaine smuggling hot spot ) .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Paz Estenssoro	Bolivia	The readjustment policies conducted to a large extent by Paz Estenssoro 's vigorous Minister of Planning Gonzalo de Lozada who was later to serve as President of Bolivia -- came to be known as the New Economic Policy ( NEP ) .
org:top_members/employees(e2,e1)	Xavier Niel	Free	The journalist was cited in a libel complaint lodged two years ago by Xavier Niel head of Free Internet over comments posted on Liberation's website in response to an article on Niel's legal problems .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Moore	Epic	Moore released her debut album So Real on December 7 1999 through Epic Records .
org:founded(e1,e2)	Other Worlds	November 1949	He worked for Ziff-Davis as the editor of Amazing Stories and did not leave until the end of 1949 but he launched two magazines under the Clark name before that date : Fate in the spring of 1948 and Other Worlds the first issue of which was dated November 1949 .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Max Baucus	Montana	Democratic Senator Max Baucus chairman of the powerful Senate Finance Committee who hails from the major beef producing state of Montana and Senator Chuck Grassley the ranking lawmaker from Iowa said they cited in the letter a meeting between them and the ambassador last month in which the US concern was officially relayed .
per:title(e2,e1)	actor	Mauritz Stiller	While already a well established popular actor in Sweden and much of continental Europe Lars Hanson gained greater international recognition for his role as the title character in the 1923 Stiller film Berlings saga ( English : The Story of Berling ) which featured a young Mauritz Stiller named Greta Garbo in one of her first major appearances on screen as well as film stage actress Gerda Lundequist .
org:members(e2,e1)	No Age	Sub Pop	Everything In Between is the third studio album from the duo No Age and second to be released through Sub Pop .
org:members(e1,e2)	NCAA	University of Houston	The Houston Cougars football program is an NCAA Division I FBS football team that represents the University of Houston .
org:top_members/employees(e1,e2)	Delphi	chief executive	Delphi chief executive Rodney O'Neal said in the statement that his company had worked diligently to obtain support from Platinum GM and the company's lenders and other stakeholders to effect Delphi's emergence from Chapter 11 .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	PLC	Australia	In 2001 The Sun-Herald ranked PLC Sydney fourth in Australia 's top ten girls ' schools based on the number of alumnae mentioned in the Who's Who in Australia ( a listing of notable Australians ) .
org:founded_by(e1,e2)	African Methodist Episcopal Church	Richard Allen	Another important site on the tour of Philadelphia is Mother Bethel African Methodist Episcopal Church which was founded by Richard Allen who was born a slave but bought his freedom and is considered the founder of the AME denomination .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	University of Florence	Italy	He received his Master of Art in Architecture degree from the University of Florence Italy in 1981 and his post graduate degree in Technical Urban Planning at the Polytechnic of Milan in 1982 .
no_relation	Fork Union Military Academy	Fork Union	It is known mainly as the home of Fork Union Military Academy Fork Union Animal Clinic and Fork Union Motor Lodge and also for having one of the few surviving drive-in theatres in Virginia ( 1.5 miles south of town in an area known as Weber City ) .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	Lassie Goodbread-Black	Lake City	Lassie Goodbread-Black from Lake City became the first woman to enroll at the University of Florida at the College of Agriculture in 1925 .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	college	Montreal	Housed in century-old renovated buildings in historic Sainte-Anne-de-Bellevue the college has been long recognized as a prominent landmark in Montreal 's West Island community .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Canton High School	Connecticut	Canton High School is a secondary school for grades 9-12 located in Canton Connecticut .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Interior	Wilhelm Frick	When Germany became a single-party state the DStP was dissolved on 28 June 1933 and Heuss was divested of his Reichstag mandate by decree of Minister of the Interior Wilhelm Frick with effect from July 8 .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Joseph Cook	Australia	Sir Joseph Cook GCMG ( 1860-1947 ) Australian politician and sixth Prime Minister of Australia was born in the village as Joseph Cooke .
per:country_of_birth(e2,e1)	Cambodia	Pol Pot	I was only able to get a visa for Cambodia toward the end of 1990 when I was able to see some previously unstudied Democratic Kampuchea documents and also to talk to Pol Pot 's brother.I wrote most of * Brother * in Australia in 1991 finishing it in Paris in March 1992 .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	Go-Ahead group	Meteor Parking	Barming Station has an 88-capacity car park and display operated for Southeastern by fellow Go-Ahead group company Meteor Parking .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Chile	Jorge Montt	He returned to Chile and in 1894 was elected Senator for Maule and designed Minister of Justice and Public Instruction under President Jorge Montt .
org:alternate_names(e1,e2)	University of the Philippines	Diliman	The Institute of Civil Engineering ( I.C.E. ) is one of the two education institutes operating under College of Engineering of the University of the Philippines Diliman .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	The Allman Brothers Band	Dickey Betts	Subsequently invited to participate on the H.O.R.D.E. tour with Aquarium Rescue Unit in 1992 and 1993 Herring was offered the lead guitar spot in The Allman Brothers Band after Dickey Betts was arrested after a show in Saratoga Springs New York on July 30 1993 .
org:founded_by(e2,e1)	Michael Simms	Linux Game Publishing	Michael Simms founder of Linux Game Publishing also at one point commented on the matter stating that although I was n't a fan of the gameplay in Postal 2 I loved the message that the company was trying to put out .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Gustavo Cerati	Argentina	Gustavo CeratiEl Mercurio Gustavo Cerati : De depende que nos volvamos a reunir ( b. Gustavo Cerati Clark on August 11 1959 in Buenos Aires Argentina ) Los Andes online Gustavo Cerati cumple 50 is an Argentine singer-songwriter composer and rock producer .
org:members(e2,e1)	CCNM	Association of Accredited Naturopathic Medical Colleges	CCNM is a member of the Association of Accredited Naturopathic Medical Colleges and is accredited by the Council on Naturopathic Medical Education .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Nova Scotia	Peter MacKay	Since then he has served the Party both provincially and federally in many different volunteer roles including the following : In February 2006 MacDonell took a leave of absence from his position at Stewart McKelvey Stirling Scales and resigned his position as President of the Progressive Conservative Association of Nova Scotia to become the Hon. Peter MacKay 's Chief of Staff .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	de San	Peru	In October 21 General de San creates the flag of Republic of Peru .
per:country_of_birth(e1,e2)	de Oliveira Salazar	Portugal	The stadium was built by the Portuguese colonial government of Mozambique and inaugurated as Salazar named after the Portuguese dictator de Oliveira Salazar on 30 June 1968 with a match between Portugal and Brasil which the latter formally the visitors won 2:0 .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Jeff Waters	Annihilator	In September 2005 Memorain signed an exclusive contract with EMI Greece and two months later the band started recording their new album Reduced To Ashes with Nick Menza ( ex-Megadeth ) on drums and Jeff Waters ( Annihilator ) as a special guest .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Monterrey Institute of Technology and Higher Education	Monterrey	The Monterrey Institute of Technology and Higher Education Monterrey Campus ( in Spanish : Instituto y de Estudios Superiores de Monterrey Campus Monterrey ) officially shortened as de Monterrey Campus Monterrey is the flagship campus of the Monterrey Institute of Technology and Higher Education private university system .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Indian Statistical Institute	Kolkata	His joined the Indian Statistical Institute ( ISI ) Kolkata as the CSIR Senior Research Fellow in 1975 and eventually entered into full faculty in 1987 as Professor .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	New Trier High School	Winnetka	More than attended a screening last week at New Trier High School in Winnetka Ill .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	e VF Corp	f Greensbor	FACT : There was such a jet in the vicinity ? a Dassault Falcon 20 business jet owned by th e VF Corp . o f Greensbor o N.C. an apparel company that markets Wrangler jeans and other brands .
org:founded(e1,e2)	MoveOn.org	1998	The MoveOn.org domain name was registered on September 18 1998 by computer entrepreneurs Joan Blades and Wes Boyd the married cofounders of Berkeley Systems an entertainment software company known for the flying toaster screen saver and the popular video game series You Do Know Jack .
org:top_members/employees(e2,e1)	Kevin W. Cosby	Simmons College of Kentucky	Kevin W. Cosby senior pastor of St. Stephen Baptist Church in Louisville and president of Simmons College of Kentucky replaces Jessica Loving .
no_relation	London Metropolitan University	London	He lives in London and now works as a freelance journalist broadcaster and media consultant and teaches journalism at London Metropolitan University and City University London .
no_relation	John Mayall	Ian Curtis	Musically Macclesfield is best known as the home town of bluesman John Mayall as well as Ian Curtis and Stephen Morris of Joy Division and Gillian Gilbert who along with Stephen Morris was a member of New Order ; Bernard Sumner who was also a member of both New Order and Joy Division is from the nearby village of Alderley Edge .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e2,e1)	Wisconsin	Tommy Thompson	In 2006 former Wisconsin governor and United States Secretary of Health and Human Services under the Bush administration Tommy Thompson joined the company as Board Chairman .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	RUAG	Alpnach	The first four aircraft will be built by Eurocopter with the remaining 16 being built by RUAG Aerospace in Alpnach Switzerland and deliveries expected to be completed between March 2008 and December 2009 .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Netherlands	Dries van Agt	Finally United Netherlands is officially supported by its Board of Recommendation formed by respected members Ruud Lubbers Wim Kok Dries van Agt Thom de Graaf Cees Blom and Bas Kortmann current Rector Magnificus of the Radboud University .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Wickremanayake	Prime Minister	Wickremanayake received his first ministerial appointment in 1970 when he was appointed Deputy Minister for Justice in the United Front government under Prime Minister Sirimavo Bandaranaike .
no_relation	Swissair	Qualiflyer	SAirGroup had held negotiations with American Airlines about extending their cooperative arrangements with both Swissair and Sabena intending to commence code-share services on North Atlantic routes with American Airlines which led into Qualiflyer .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Kamp	Defense	He previously served as a Member of the House of Representatives from May 17 1994 until July 22 2002 when he became Minister of Housing Spatial Planning and the Environment in the Cabinet Balkenende I Kamp became acting Minister of Defense following the resignation of Benk Korthals on December 12 2002 and remained as Minister of Defense in the successive Cabinets Balkenende II and III he was succeed as Minister of Housing Spatial Planning and the Environment on May 27 2003 by Sybilla Dekker at the inauguration of the Cabinet Balkenende II .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Pakistan	Liaquat Ali Khan	In 1952 he led an inquiry against Khan Najaf Khan a police official in connection with the assassination of Pakistan 's first Prime Minister Liaquat Ali Khan .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Papadopoulos	Greece	The student protests were the first sign that Papadopoulos ' attempt at liberalisation in Greece had begun to fail .
org:top_members/employees(e2,e1)	Felipe Gozon	GMA Network	Among the attendees are the executives of the three top commercial television networks in the Philippines : Felipe Gozon ( GMA Network ) Ms. Cory Vidanes ( ABS-CBN ) and Mr. Manny V. Pangilinan ( TV 5 ) who all served as principal sponsors of the wedding .
org:alternate_names(e1,e2)	Catholic People	Katholieke Volkspartij	The KVP had an own youth organisation the Catholic People 's Party Youth Groups ( Dutch : Katholieke Volkspartij Jongeren Groupen ; KVPJG ) and a scientific foundation : the Centre for Political Formation .
org:founded(e1,e2)	Ponte Vedra High School	2008	Due to further growth in Northwest St. Johns County area Ponte Vedra High School was built and opened in the Fall of 2008 .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Singapore	Lee Kuan Yew	Singapore Minister Mentor Lee Kuan Yew said on Sunday the country's economy has emerged out of the recession with minimum damage .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Portugal	Luciana	After representing Portugal in the Eurovision Song Contest Luciana auditioned for a role in Floribella .
org:founded(e2,e1)	1990	Bulgarian Socialist Party	In February 1990 the Party voluntarily gave up its claim on power monopoly and in June 1990 the first free elections since 1931 were held won by the Communist Party ridden of its hardliner wing and renamed the Bulgarian Socialist Party .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Universitaires Notre-Dame de la Paix	Namur	Jean-Marie ( 31 March 1944 Charleroi Belgium - ) is a Belgian scientist and professor of Theoretical and Chemical Physics at the Universitaires Notre-Dame de la Paix ( Namur Belgium ) .
per:spouse(e1,e2)	His	Sinjai Plengpanich	His wife the once famous Sinjai Plengpanich has all but disappeared except for the few commercials seen in primetime .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Seven Places	BEC Recordings	Lonely For The Last Time is the first full-length album by Seven Places on BEC Recordings .
org:alternate_names(e1,e2)	ABC2	Australian Broadcasting	The history of ABC2 can be traced back to 1998 when the Australian Broadcasting Authority released a report titled Digital Terrestrial Television Broadcasting recommending that the Australian Government support the early introduction of digital broadcasting as a free-to-air service with the loan of a 7 MHz channel for each broadcaster .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Artemas Ward	Shrewsbury	The General Artemas Ward House is a historic property in Shrewsbury Massachusetts .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Luxembourg	Arbed	The refining process led to the development of the steel industry in Luxembourg and founding of the Arbed company in 1911 .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	Johor	Universiti Teknologi	The Johor branch campus of Universiti Teknologi MARA ( UiTM ) was constructed at Jementah in the end of 1980's and started its operation in 1991 .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Tim Lambesis	As I Lay Dying	According to a video interview with Lambert and Bokan Blessthefall plans on entering the studio in February to record an EP with Tim Lambesis of As I Lay Dying .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Lyndon B. Johnson	United States	On November 28 1967 Curtin was nominated by President Lyndon B. Johnson to a new seat on the United States District Court for the Western District of New York created by 80 Stat .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Ricky Bell	New Edition	Led by Ralph Tresvant Bobby Brown and Ricky Bell New Edition sang and danced through classics such as I Want You Back ABC and The Love You Save .
no_relation	Avinor	Norwegian Ministry of Transport and Communications	The airports which typically have a runway are run by Avinor while the airplanes are operated based on subsidized public service obligation contracts with the Norwegian Ministry of Transport and Communications .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Health and Human Services	Mike Leavitt	PREPA strengthens and consolidates the oversight of litigation against pharmaceutical companies under the purview of the secretary of Health and Human Services ( HHS ) a position then held by Mike Leavitt ( now Kathleen Sebelius ) .
no_relation	J.D.	New York University	Judge Wexler received a B.S. from Indiana University in 1947 and a J.D. from the New York University School of Law in 1950 .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	Woolverstone Hall School	London County Council	In the 1950s it housed Woolverstone Hall School a boarding school operated by the then London County Council ( LCC ) .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	RND	Ahmed Ouyahia	The RND FLN and MSP formed a coalition government with the RND's Ahmed Ouyahia as prime minister .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Thomas Holliday Hicks	Maryland	Thomas Holliday Hicks ( September 2 1798 February 14 1865 ) was an American politician from Maryland .
org:top_members/employees(e1,e2)	Sony Music	Howard Stringer	After separating music publishing from Sony music assets after the merger of Sony Music and BMG Music Group Howard Stringer charged Wiesenthal with the responsibility to grow Sony/ATV Music publishing via acquisition a strategy that had previously fallen to the wayside when the business was previously part of Sony Music unit .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	Roblin	Winnipeg	Roblin was a candidate in Winnipeg South Centre for the 1968 federal election but lost to Liberal E.B. Osler by over votes .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	University of Texas Medical Branch	Galveston	Texas M.D. Anderson Cancer Center Houston ; and the Department of Internal Medicine and Aging The University of Texas Medical Branch at Galveston Galveston TX .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	club	Group	The club also has two current British Senior Age Group Swimming Champions James Benson ( three-times British Champion in the 50m m 200m Butterfly ) and Alex Smith ( 200m Backstroke ) .
no_relation	Andy	Manchester	Andy and Jez Williams ( Doves ) Mani DJ Tintin Whereas the previous years had been predominantly Manchester orientated artists the third year of Versus Cancer enlisted the influence of a younger musical generation .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Finland	Emppu Vuorinen	This is the line-up of Nightwish an Echo-winning band from Kitee Finland formed in 1996 by songwriter/keyboardist Tuomas Holopainen guitarist Emppu Vuorinen and former vocalist Tarja Turunen .
no_relation	Florida	EWC	A Florida Times-Union investigation in October discovered that the EWC documents plagiarized sections of text and statistics from a similar Alabama University document .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Kuomintang	Ma Ying-jeou	Former opposition Kuomintang ( KMT ) Chairman Ma Ying-jeou -- a presidential hopeful -- pledged Friday that he will do his utmost to curb oyster smuggling to Taiwan if he wins the 2008 election .
org:city_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Northumberland	school	Operating under the new two-tier system in Northumberland implemented September 2008 the school takes students from age 11-18 .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Fashion Institute of Technology	New York City	Byars has taught at Pratt Institute and Fashion Institute of Technology ( FIT ) in New York City Bezalel Academy of Arts and Design and the Holon Institute of Technology in Israel and others as well as lectured widely .
per:spouse(e1,e2)	Sydney Sturgess	Barry Morse	Others included Andrew Jack : Sydney Sturgess who went on to marry Barry Morse : and Trevor Bannister who would later act alongside Brough in Are You Being Served ?
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Ghulam Ishaq Khan	Pakistan	1 - Ghulam Ishaq Khan [ Later dismissed two elected government in Pakistan one at the behest of General Aslam Beg in 1990 ] .
no_relation	Navy	Frank Knox	In 1970 he played Secretary of Navy Frank Knox in the action war film Tora !
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Sweden	Fredrik Reinfeldt	Sanader was in Stockholm on Tuesday to meet Sweden 's Prime Minister Fredrik Reinfeldt .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Coakley	Massachusetts	Coakley who is trying to become the first female US senator from Massachusetts has made women's issues a strong component of her campaign .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Roger A. Pielke	Colorado State University	The scientist Roger A. Pielke Sr. a climatologist at Colorado State University said most of the other scientists working on the report were too deeply wedded to particular views and were discounting minority opinions on the quality of climate records and possible causes of warming .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	MuchMoreMusic	Canada	The video was played on both MuchMoreMusic and CMT in Canada.Ennis Sisters In 2002 Maureen won the Society of Composers Authors and Music Publishers of Canada ( SOCAN ) award for top grossing Canadian Country Song of the Year for the album's second single I 'd Never Walk Away .
org:founded(e2,e1)	1931	Seven Kings High School	In 1931 it was transferred to Ley Street ( the present Seven Kings High School site ) as Beal Modern School .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Thailand	Anand Panyarachun	The management of energy in Thailand has been in a process of liberalization and privatization which was initiated by the government of Anand Panyarachun .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Aftermath	Dr. Dre	The turning point for Aftermath came in 1998 when Jimmy Iovine the head of Aftermath's parent label Interscope suggested that Dr. Dre sign Eminem a rapper from Detroit .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	George Washington	Continental Army	Washington Crossing State Park in Mercer County features trails wildlife habitat museums and an open-air theater on the site where Gen. George Washington and the Continental Army landed on Dec. 25 1776 after famously crossing the Delaware River .
no_relation	Rockpile	Nick Lowe	Seconds of Pleasure was a 1980 album by Rockpile a band consisting of guitarists/vocalists Dave Edmunds and Billy Bremner bassist/vocalist Nick Lowe and drummer Terry Williams .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Blake Babies	Juliana Hatfield	Since its formation recording and touring lineups of the band have included co-founders Deily and Peretz John Strohm ( Blake Babies ) Doug Trachten Corey Loog Brennan Byron Hoagland ( Folks On Fire ) Ben Daughtrey ( Squirrel Bait ) Juliana Hatfield ( Blake Babies ) Nic Dalton ( Godstar Sneeze The Plunderers ) Dave Ryan Patrick Murph Murphy ( Dinosaur Jr ) Bill Gibson ( Eastern Dark ) Mark ' Budola ' Newman Kenny Lyon Vess Ruhtenberg Devon Ashley Karl Alvarez and Bill Stevenson ( Descendents ) P. David Hazel and various others .
org:top_members/employees(e2,e1)	Stockwell Day	Canadian Alliance	Stockwell Day was elected to the Canadian Alliance .
per:spouse(e1,e2)	Ben Johnson	Carol Elaine Jones	Ben Johnson Born June 13 1918 Shidler Oklahoma Died April 8 1996 ( aged 77 ) Mesa Arizona Spouse ( s ) Carol Elaine Jones ( 1941-1994 ) .
per:spouse(e1,e2)	Henrietta Anne	France	Henrietta Anne was later married to Louis ' younger brother Phillipe de France duc in the palace chapel on 31 March 1661 .
org:members(e1,e2)	1st Armored Division	commander	During the night US 1st Armored Division 's commander Orlando Ward moved up Combat Command C to Djebel Hamra to counter attack Sidi Bouzid on 15 February .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	TSMC	Taiwan	TSMC closed up 0.49 percent at NT$ 61.00 on the Taiwan Stock Exchange Tuesday .
no_relation	Universal	Deus	In 2005 the Superior de Umbanda do Estado de Paulo ( Superior Organization of Umbanda in Paulo State ) won a judicial case in the Federal Court against the television broadcasting systems Rede Record and Rede Mulher that belong to the Igreja Universal do Reino de Deus a Neo Pentecostal Church .
no_relation	Johannes Gutenberg	Mainz	In 1977 he did a PhD in American studies at the Johannes Gutenberg University of Mainz .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Roots Music Group	Rick Guard	In business Sterling partnered Perry Hughes ( Roots Music Group ) manager to opera star Jon Christos contemporary jazz singer and songwriter Rick Guard and former manager to opera star Russell Watson ) .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Indonesia	Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono	Indonesia 's President Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono met Japanese Prime Minister Yukio Hatoyama in Nusa Dua Bali Thursday morning to hold talks on bilateral relationships and regional and international issues the Jakartapost online news reported here .
no_relation	Prachanda	he ide	Marxism Leninism Maoism Prachanda Path ( Nepali : ? Mlemvd ra Prachaapath ) refers to t he ide ological line of the Communist Party of Nepal ( Maoist ) .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Newtown Jets	Sydney	The Newtown Jets ( formerly known as the Bluebags ) are an Australian rugby league football club based in Newtown a suburb of Sydney 's inner west .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	State	William L. Marcy	The 59th New York State Legislature consisting of the New York State Senate and the New York State Assembly met from January 5 to May 26 1836 during the fourth year of William L. Marcy 's governorship in Albany .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Surfers	Touch	This was the Surfers ' first album on Touch and Go and was originally released on clear vinyl .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e2,e1)	Rhode Island	Sheldon Whitehouse	We ve got Rhode Island senator Sheldon Whitehouse a former federal prosecutor saying that Congress has an independent responsibility to investigate alleged crimes by Bush-era officials and he said he intends to discharge that responsibility .
org:members(e1,e2)	SkyTeam	Delta Air Lines	The carrier in June became the first in Southeast Asia to join the SkyTeam global airline alliance which includes Air France and Delta Air Lines of the United States .
org:top_members/employees(e2,e1)	Lou Anna Simon	MSU	And two very good presidents ( Mary Sue Coleman U-M ; Lou Anna Simon MSU ) have been central to that collective clout .
org:top_members/employees(e1,e2)	Oslo Commuter Rail	Norges Statsbaner	The station is served five times daily Oslo Commuter Rail line 460 operated by Norges Statsbaner .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Kirklees College	Dewsbury	Kirklees College is a further education college with two main centres in the towns of Dewsbury and Huddersfield in West Yorkshire England .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	band	Lion Music	The band 's third studio album The Lotus Effect was released on June 17 2011 through Lion Music .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	He	University of Vienna	He graduated from the University of Vienna in 1866 and is famous for his clarification of the second law of thermodynamics .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	759th Tank Battalion	Army	The 759th Tank Battalion was a tank battalion of the United States Army active during the Second World War .
org:top_members/employees(e1,e2)	MIC	Samy Vellu	MIC Chief S. Samy Vellu said Krishnasamy who was buried on Saturday had told him of the death threats a week ago .
per:cities_of_residence(e2,e1)	Chicago	The Ponys	The guitarist Brian Case played in the Chicago garage rock band The Ponys and now plays in Disappears .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	O'Fredericks	Denmark	With a total of 72 films directed and 38 produced screenplays O'Fredericks is one of Denmark 's most productive filmmakers ever .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Energy	Samuel Bodman	Secretary of Energy Samuel Bodman Secretary of Defense Robert Gates and Deputy Secretary of State John Negroponte all addressed the Forum .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Saudi Aramco	Kingdom of Saudi Arabia	Petron said is a statement to the Philippine Stock Exchange the Ashmore unit has offered US$ 550 million ( euro353 million ) for the 3.75 billion Petron shares held by Aramco Overseas a subsidiary of Saudi Aramco the national oil company of the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Bedales School	England	Cecil was then educated at Bedales School in Hampshire England .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Antonio	Venezuela	Subsequent battles included a key naval victory for the independence forces on 24 July 1823 at the Battle of Lake Maracaibo and in November 1823 Antonio occupied Puerto Cabello the last Royalist stronghold in Venezuela .
org:members(e1,e2)	Ivy League	Dartmouth	The ACC received four bids ( Maryland North Carolina Duke and Virginia ) the ALC got three ( Florida Northwestern Penn State ) the Big East also received three ( Syracuse Loyola Notre Dame ) and the Ivy League got two ( Dartmouth Penn ) .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Radar	Elvis Costello	Robinson and Riviera were a fiery management combination and after a series of disagreements Riviera left Stiff in early 1978 to form the short-lived Radar Records taking Elvis Costello Nick Lowe and Yachts with him as a settlement package .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	ACL	Canada	ACL Services Ltd. is a company based in Vancouver Canada that provides data analytics continuous monitoring software cloud-based audit and compliance management and consulting services in risk and audit management .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Denmark	CBS	The selection of full-time programmes complies with the three levels : As of September 2009 two of Denmark new Elite Master programmes for top qualified foreign and Danish students are offered at CBS : The Master in Advanced Economics and Finance and the interdisciplinary Master Programme in International Law Economics and Management ( ILECMA ) which is offered in partnership with the University of Copenhagen .
org:members(e2,e1)	Ball State Cardinals	Division I	The 2007 Ball State Cardinals football team competed in football on behalf of the Ball State University during the 2007 NCAA Division I FBS football season .
org:alternate_names(e1,e2)	University of Montenegro	)	The University of Montenegro Faculty of Law ( Montenegrin : Pravni fakultet Univerziteta Crne Gore ) also known as the Podgorica Law School is one of the educational institutions of the University of Montenegro .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Maxime Verhagen	Foreign Affairs	Dutch Prime Minister Jan-Peter Balkenende called these comments irresponsible and Maxime Verhagen Dutch caretaker Minister of Foreign Affairs publicly condemned Wilders's remarks and behaviour : He incites discord among people in a distasteful manner .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Japan	Prince Chichibu	Result from the Test match between Japan and South Korea in the three-nation rugby tournament at the Prince Chichibu stadium here Sunday : .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e2,e1)	California	Aaron Turner	Hydra Head Records is an independent record company based in Los Angeles California founded in 1993 by Aaron Turner .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Stephanie D. Neely	Chicago	Stephanie D. Neely is the Treasurer of the City of Chicago Illinois .
per:origin(e1,e2)	Olowofoyeku	Nigerian	Chief Babatunji Olowofoyeku OFR SAN ( May 21 1917 - March 26 2003 ) was a Nigerian politician educationist lawyer and leader a Yoruba and native of Ilesha in Osun State of Nigeria whose political career started in the mid-1950s .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Interscope	Eminem	Although Interscope marketed Dr. Dre as Eminem 's major producer in order to boost his credibility as a white rapper in the hip-hop community the Bass Brothers have in fact produced more individual tracks for the rapper than Dre .
org:founded(e1,e2)	University of Dallas	1956	The University of Dallas in Irving opened in 1956 and Texas Stadium was completed in 1971 as the home field of the Dallas Cowboys .
no_relation	Florida	Stetson University College of Law	The forum began in Orlando at the University of Central Florida in the morning and ended in Tampa at Stetson University College of Law .
org:members(e1,e2)	University Grants Commission	university	Padmanaban Indian Institute of Science Bangalore In 2011 the University Grants Commission selected the university as a university with potential for excellence under which the university gets 250 million .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Thailand	Tanin Kraivixien	Several Prime Ministers of Thailand attended Thammasat University including Tanin Kraivixien Chuan Leekpai Samak Sundaravej and Somchai Wongsawat as well as many other ministers and Bank of Thailand governors .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Northwestern State University	Natchitoches	Jeffrey Mathews Associate Director of Bands and Associate Professor of Music Northwestern State University in Natchitoches LA Air Force Bands in the 21st Century : A New Mission in the Global War on Terror .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	STAR	Malaysia	Sekolah Menengah Kebangsaan Tengku Ampuan Rahimah Klang better known as STAR is a secondary school in Klang Selangor in Malaysia .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Labor	Frances Perkins	In the NBC Radio Network program America's Town Meeting of the Air he argued against Secretary of Labor Frances Perkins defense of the Social Security Act calling the 10 % of the taxes that the Federal Government kept while remitting 90 % back to the states that were compelled to conform to a standard of minimum requirements for administering Social Security set by the Federal Government a service charge for coercion .
org:alternate_names(e1,e2)	South African Airways	SAA	South African Airways ( SAA ) was another major operator of the Viscount by January 1959 it was operating on all of SAA's domestic routes .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Butt	Greater Toronto Apartment Association	Butt was president CEO of the Greater Toronto Apartment Association since May 1999 .
org:founded_by(e2,e1)	Sergey Brin	Google	Sergey Brin the billionaire co-founder of Google announced a $ 1 million gift to the Hebrew Immigrant Aid Society .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Wu-Syndicate	Wu-Tang Records	They were originally called Crime Syndicate but changed their name to Wu-Syndicate when they signed to Wu-Tang Records and became Wu-Tang Clan affiliates .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Pig	London	Inspired by a performance of Japanese taiko drummers Witer formed Big Pig in London in 1985 .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Tusk	Republic	Tusk and his assembled cabinet were sworn in on 16 November becoming the fourteenth prime minister of the Third Republic .
per:country_of_birth(e1,e2)	Vanessa Paradis	France	Vanessa Paradis was born in France to interior designers and Corinne Paradis .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Deniece Williams	Columbia Records	In 1976 White with Charles Stepney co-produced Deniece Williams ' - a former backup vocalist for Stevie Wonder - debut album This Is Niecy which was released on Columbia Records .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	India	Osho	The ashram offered therapies derived from the Human Potential Movement to its Western audience and made news in India and abroad chiefly because of its permissive climate and Osho 's provocative lectures .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Fatah	Yasser Arafat	But Husam El Taweel a Fatah supporter attending the event said he is not scared when commemorating the anniversary of our legendary leader Yasser Arafat without whom we could never reach a global awareness of our righteous cause .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Royal Navy	Armstrong Whitworth	HMS '' M4 was an M-class submarine of the Royal Navy built by Armstrong Whitworth Newcastle Upon Tyne and laid down in 1917 .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Coxsone Dodd	Studio One	Some of their hits included one of the first singles encouraging repatriation - Africa ( We Want To Go ) Joy In The Morning ; Red Rose ( for Coxsone Dodd at Studio One ) It's Hard To Confess Over the Rainbow's End ( for Sonia Pottinger ) and My Jamaican Girl ( for Leslie Kong / Beverley's ) .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Anwar El Sadat	Egypt	Among them he was on the ramp of the plane that landed Anwar El Sadat then president of Egypt on 19 November 1979 .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Reinfeldt	Sweden	Reinfeldt said in Tuesday's interview that Sweden has accepted an uneven part of the burden and I think that basically that's wrong .
per:title(e1,e2)	Scott-Heron	Poet	The album served as a move into more conventional song structures in contrast to the Scott-Heron 's debut live album A New Black Poet - Small Talk at 125th and Lenox ( 1970 ) which was composed entirely of spoken-word poetry and the rapping style of his previous album Free Will .
no_relation	University of Edinburgh	Moray House	Until the merger with the University of Edinburgh in 1998 the building had latterly housed Moray House 's Building Services .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Israel	Hot	Internet in Israel is provided through the phone and cable infrastructures by Bezeq and Hot respectively .
no_relation	Junichiro Koizumi	China	Former LDP prime minister Junichiro Koizumi prayed once a year at the shrine during his 2001-2006 tenure enraging China and South Korea which refused to hold any summits with him .
org:city_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Dubai	Aramex	One of the bombs hidden inside a printer was discovered in a FedEx shipment in Dubai where Aramex maintains its main air hub .
no_relation	Fabio	43	Australians Wesley Sulzberger and Trent Lowe and Fabio Sabatini of Italy launched a three-man break which led the race from the 13th lap and by up to 43 seconds .
org:founded_by(e1,e2)	Google	Sergey Brin	Lawrence Larry Page ( born March 26 1973 ) is an American computer scientist and Internet entrepreneur who is the co-founder of Google alongside Sergey Brin .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	He	New York	He lived to see his works included in New York Painting and Sculpture 1940-1970 the landmark exhibition at the Metropolitan Museum of Art that Henry Geldzahler curated .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Baucus	Montana	Baucus sought re-election in 2008 in Montana a state that has seen political change starting in 2004 when it elected Democratic Governor Brian Schweitzer and then Democratic Senator Jon Tester in 2006 by a slim margin .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e2,e1)	West Virginia	Jennings Randolph	In West Virginia Interstate 79 is known as the Jennings Randolph Expressway .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Prachanda	Nepal	According to local news website eKantipur M.K. Nepal informed Prachanda about the concerns raised by the international community towards Nepal 's constitution drafting and peace process during his Egypt tour .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Russia	Vladimir Putin	On 6 July 2007 Russia 's President Vladimir Putin reappointed him for further five-year term .
org:members(e2,e1)	college	NDF	The college was awarded Best College in the Trust Bank 5th NDF BD National Debate Festival 2010 the largest debate contest in the country annually organized by the National Debate Federation Bangladesh .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Uplands Community College	England	Uplands Community College is a secondary school in Wadhurst East Sussex England .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Baucus	Montana	Baucus has completed a 50-mile ultramarathon and has crewed for winner and fellow Montana native Nikki Kimball at the 100-mile Western States Endurance Run which he hopes to run in the future .
org:city_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	McAllen	McAllen High School	http://libraries.uta.edu/tejanovoices/interview.asp?CMASNo=110 Born in McAllen Texas De Leon attended McAllen High School and later entered the University of Texas Pan American where she received her Bachelor of Science in Social Work .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Mahinda College	Galle	Diyogu Badathuruge Dhanapala was a Sri Lankan Journalist and Author Dhanapala was born in Tissamaharama and educated at Mahinda College Galle and Allahabad University India .
org:members(e2,e1)	Association	United States	Among the founders of the Association were United States Supreme Court Chief Justice Melville Weston Fuller and financier John Whitfield Bunn .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	Dubai World	Istithmar World	One of Dubai World 's biggest units Istithmar World spearheaded the holding company's acquisition of the Fontainebleau Miami Beach for about $ 750 million last year and the Mandarin Oriental New York for about $ 380 million in 2007 .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Kuomintang	Ma Ying-jeou	On March 22 2008 Hsieh lost to the Kuomintang ( KMT ) candidate Ma Ying-jeou ending eight years of DPP rule .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	South Australia	Mike Rann	It was officially opened in a ceremony in October 2005 by South Australian Governor Marjorie Jackson-Nelson Premier of South Australia Mike Rann and Prime Minister of Australia John Howard .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Magazine	McGeoch	In 1979 whilst still a member of Magazine McGeoch joined Steve Strange's electronic group Visage along with erstwhile Magazine bandmates Barry Adamson and Dave Formula beginning to record songs for their first single Tar and later in 1980 for the ensemble's eponymous album Visage playing guitar and saxophone .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Robert Bourassa	Quebec	Cusano highest rank was chief whip of the government during Robert Bourassa 's fourth term as Premier of Quebec from 1989 to 1994 while he was the Deputy Whip of the government from 1985 to 1989 .
org:founded_by(e1,e2)	Communist Party	Jose Penelon	While never an official member of the ICO a Right Oppositionist group split from the Communist Party of Argentina in 1928 led by Jose Penelon .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	NDP	Jerry Pye	He was first elected for the Nova Scotia New Democratic Party in the 2006 election succeeding retiring NDP MLA Jerry Pye .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Forza Italia	Roberto Formigoni	In 2000 regional elections the Pole of Freedoms with the support of Lega Nord won in 8 regions ( the most popolous ones except Campania ) out of 15 and Forza Italia 's members were elected President of Region in Piedmont ( Enzo Ghigo confirmed ) Lombardy ( Roberto Formigoni confirmed ) Veneto ( Giancarlo Galan confirmed ) Liguria ( Sandro Biasotti newly elected ) Puglia ( Raffaele Fitto newly elected ) and Calabria ( Giuseppe Chiaravalloti newly elected ) .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Johnson	United States	During this period of dormancy Johnson toured across Europe in 1995 with Drake Kerman and the 5uu's but upon returning to the United States the three agreed that reviving Thinking Plague again was not a practical option .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	the Madras Regiment	Army	It is the Regimental Centre for the Madras Regiment of the Indian Army .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Mississippi	Mississippi Valley State University	The 2012 13 Mississippi Valley State Delta Devils basketball team represented Mississippi Valley State University during the 2012 13 NCAA Division I men's basketball season .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Talvivaara Mining Company	Finland	In addition Talvivaara Mining Company plc has announced in early 2010 the commencement of uranium recovery as a by-product out of its mine producing mainly nickel copper zinc and cobalt in Sotkamo eastern Finland .
per:spouse(e2,e1)	Desi Arnaz	Lucille Ball	He is married to actress/singer Lucie Arnaz the daughter of Desi Arnaz and Lucille Ball with whom he has three children .
org:alternate_names(e1,e2)	ACTS	Army Air Corps	It was expected that the ACTS would be to the Army Air Corps what Fort Benning Ga was to the infantry .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	CHUM Radio	CTVglobemedia	It had entered into an agreement to buy London Ontario's radio station CHST-FM from CHUM Radio a division of CTVglobemedia ( subject to CRTC approval ) .
org:members(e2,e1)	ISSU	Organising Bureau of European School Student Unions	ISSU is member of the Organising Bureau of European School Student Unions ( OBESSU ) and the National Youth Council of Ireland - NYCI ( www.youth.ie ) .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	UK	Vodafone	Without the exceptional gain of 35 billion dollars from Hutchison's sale of its mobile phone network in India to the UK 's Vodafone the company would have recorded a loss .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Japan	Ami Suzuki	Bazooka 17 is a box set released by Sony Music Entertainment Japan for singer Ami Suzuki in September 2005 .
org:top_members/employees(e2,e1)	Stuart Gulliver	HSBC	Li Jianguo vice chairman and secretary-general of the Standing Committee of the National People's Congress ( NPC ) China's top legislature met here Thursday with Stuart Gulliver executive director of HSBC Holdings plc and his retinue .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Department of the Prime Minister and Cabinet	New Zealand	The Department of the Prime Minister and Cabinet of New Zealand ( often known by its acronym DPMC ) is the department charged with supporting the Prime Minister of New Zealand and their Cabinet .
no_relation	Kallio	1940	Kallio ( April 10 1873 December 19 1940 ) was the fourth President of Finland ( 1937 1940 ) .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	State	John Hay	Later that same day McKim and Saint-Gaudens went to discuss their proposal with officials including Secretary of State John Hay and Secretary of War Elihu Root .
org:founded(e1,e2)	Wheels	1980	First manufactured for aftermarket racing and off road applications by Marsh Racing Wheels at Siloam Springs Arkansas in 1980 but conceived designed and tested by Marsh Racing Wheels years earlier .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	China	Wang Lei	China announced its squad on Friday with two big guys Ding Jinhui and Zhang Kai left out and guard Zhang Qingpeng and wingman Wang Lei remaining in the squad .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Continental Army	George Washington	Peter Humrickhouse ( 1753 1837 ) was an American Revolutionary War hero who enlisted in the Continental Army in 1776 crossed the Delaware River with George Washington wintered at Valley Forge and led the wagon train of ammunition from Philadelphia to the war's final battle at Yorktown contributing greatly to the American victory .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Digital Equipment Corporation	Maynard	Digital Equipment Corporation ( DEC ) was headquartered in in the mill buildings in Maynard from 1957 until 1998 when bought by Compaq and subsequently closed .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Ciampi	Italy	Ciampi a former Prime Minister and Minister of the Treasury and before entering the government the governor of the Bank of Italy was elected on the first ballot by a comfortable margin over the required two-thirds of the votes .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Podravka	Koprivnica	Podravka 's origins are traced to the 1934 family business for fruit processing of the Wolf brothers in Koprivnica which was nationalised in 1947 .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	India	Madhubala	In Pakistan another Anarkali film was released in 1958 with Noor Jehan in the lead role Later on in 1960 K. Asif's Mughal-e-Azam was released in India with actress Madhubala in the role of Anarkali and Dilip Kumar as Prince Salim .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Deng Xiaoping	Sichuan	But Deng Xiaoping a pragmatist from western China's Sichuan province began to reform and open China's economy in the early 1980s sparking rapid sustained growth and many Chinese believe hosting the Olympics highlights China's transition back to world prominence .
no_relation	Crossman	February	On January 21 1929 Crossman married Helen Hi Greatsinger ( Farrell ) Caldwell ( November 23 1898 Duluth Minnesota February 11 1970 New York New York ) in Manila .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Shenzhen Airlines	Guangdong	Jade Cargo International was a cargo airline with its headquarters on the sixth floor of the Shenzhen Airlines Flight Operations Building at Shenzhen Bao'an International Airport Bao'an District Shenzhen Guangdong China .
org:founded_by(e1,e2)	UCSF	University of California	The UCSF Osher Center for Integrative Medicine is part of the University of California San Francisco .
org:top_members/employees(e2,e1)	Gretsch	Fender Musical Instruments Corporation	In 2003 Gretsch entered into an agreement with Fender Musical Instruments Corporation ( FMIC ) under the terms of which Fred Gretsch III would continue to own the company with FMIC handling most development distribution and sales .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Federalists	Adams	The Federalists wanted Adams as their presidential candidate to crush Thomas Jefferson's bid .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Golkar	Suharto	But Kalla and his party Golkar which was Suharto 's political organization were widely viewed as creating obstacles for Yudhoyono's reforms .
org:members(e2,e1)	University of Richmond	Division I	The University of Richmond 's women's lacrosse team finished the 2007 season with a record of 14-6 and has captured three consecutive Atlantic-10 championships and NCAA Division I tournament berths .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e2,e1)	Maryland	Curt Anderson	Along with Maryland Delegate Curt Anderson Gladden served as co-chair of the Baltimore for Obama campaign in both the 2008 primary and general elections .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Bainimarama	Fiji	The present Chief Justice is Anthony Gates who succeeded Daniel Fatiaki following the military coup that deposed the Qarase government on 5 December 2006 when Commodore Josaia Voreqe ( Frank ) Bainimarama the Commander of the Republic of Fiji Military Forces and Acting President of Fiji sent Fatiaki on leave .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Giorgio Napolitano	Italy	Giorgio Napolitano President of Italy also issued a statement of support and congratulations for all participating Italian college radio stations .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	Major League Baseball	network	On August 28 2012 it was announced that ESPN and Major League Baseball had agreed on a new eight-year deal that greatly increases the network 's studio and game content across all of its platforms .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Navy	Frank Knox	As Van Dyke tells the story Powell notified Secretary of the Navy Frank Knox who then contacted Secretary of War Henry Stimson .
org:members(e1,e2)	General Motors	Pontiac	Labels : celibacy economy General Motors Pontiac .
no_relation	Surfers	Touch	In 1999 the Surfers won their lawsuit against Touch and Go .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	China	Xing	His roommate offers to find him a job in China but Xing refuses to leave .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	He	Sweden	He was named the Sexiest Man in Sweden five times .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	FirstGroup	Greyhound Lines	The Laidlaw deal also gave FirstGroup another U.S. transportation icon in Greyhound Lines the country's largest inter-city bus company founded in 1914 .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Japan	NHK	Japan 's centre-left Prime Minister Yukio Hatoyama told senior party officials Wednesday he will resign public broadcaster NHK reported .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Nigeria	Yakubu Gowon	Former Nigeria head of state Yakubu Gowon wondered why what was supposed to be a purely political matter assumed a religious dimension .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Navy	Smith Thompson	He called the island Thompson's Island to honor Secretary of the Navy Smith Thompson and named the harbor Port Rodgers to compliment Commodore John Rodgers .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Ma Ying-jeou	Kuomintang	Ma Ying-jeou nominee of the Kuomintang ( KMT ) in the 2008 Taiwan leader election announced on Saturday he has chosen Vincent Siew as his running mate .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Mikael	Sweden	Following a few live dates in Europe Opeth's guitarist and vocalist Mikael went to an old friend's house in Stockholm Sweden to record some demos and develop ideas for the new album .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	Girlsareshort	Mississauga	Girlsareshort was an electronic pop group from Mississauga Ontario formed in 1998 by Alex Puodziukas aka Al-P Daniel Zabawa and David Regan .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	Williams	New York	Williams died in Queens New York City in 1965 and was interred in Saint Charles Cemetery in Farmingdale Long Island New York .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Cope	California	Marc The Cope Coppola ( born April 29 1958 ) is an American actor and DJ working for KGB-FM in San Diego California WAXQ/WLTW in New York City .
org:top_members/employees(e1,e2)	Australian Federal Police	Mick Keelty	The Australian Federal Police ( AFP ) Commissioner Mick Keelty has vowed to track down every lead and every piece of evidence against the Indian doctor who was released on July 27 after the case against him collapsed in a Brisbane court .
no_relation	She	Anchorage	She narrowed Miller's lead early Tuesday after counting in the Anchorage area one of her strongholds and in the Matanuska-Susitna Valley where Miller won more than 60 percent of the votes counted on Election Day .
per:cities_of_residence(e2,e1)	Chicago	Jane Byrne	Williams encouraged Damski to expand his columns to cover more about Chicago politics including the divisions within the gay community between supporters of Mayor Harold Washington and former Mayor Jane Byrne as well as the efforts by members of the gay community to win support from the politically divided Chicago City Council for passage of a long-pending gay rights bill .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Wei Wei	ld star i	Queenzy and Wei Wei ( Chinese : ) also known as Xiao Wei Wei ( Chinese : ) who was also previously a chi ld star i n Malaysia teamed up and started filming their Chinese New Year album on September 15 .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	Way Out West	Bristol	Way Out West are a UK progressive house trance and progressive breaks group from Bristol England consisting of producers and DJs Jody Wisternoff and Nick Warren .
org:alternate_names(e2,e1)	California State University	CSUN	After his solo exhibition in England in 1993 Shanye Huang came to the United States at the invitation of the Center for International Art Culture in New York and the Exhibition Committee of California State University Northridge ( CSUN ) to hold a solo exhibition .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	New Zealand	Ministry for the Environment	New Zealand Ministry for the Environment ( 2007 ) .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Dave Greenfield	The Stranglers	It also includes the band new single Walking Class Hero as well as several guest musicians like Daniel B ( Front 242 ) and Dave Greenfield ( The Stranglers ) .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	College of the Holy Cross	USA	Andrew D. Hwang Dept of Mathematics and CS College of the Holy Cross Worcester MA 01610-2395 USA .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Canada	his	Historians generally view Reid as a victim of circumstance : like many governments across Canada his was defeated by the Great Depression .
org:members(e1,e2)	CSTO	Kyrgyzstan	The CSTO is made up of Armenia Belarus Kazakhstan Kyrgyzstan Russia Tajikistan and Uzbekistan .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	Meteor	Ireland	Two companies submitted bids for the licence Orange then controlled by Hutchinson Whampoa and Meteor Mobile Communications ( consisting at that point of Western Wireless RF Communications Limited and TWG Ireland LLC ) .
no_relation	South San Francisco	El Camino High School	The Bell Game is an annual tradition where South San Francisco High School plays against their rival El Camino High School .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Mitch McConnell	Kentucky	We ca n't worry about those things Mitch Brooke said addressing the Republican leader Sen. Mitch McConnell of Kentucky .
per:cities_of_residence(e2,e1)	Brussels	Magritte	Following his release he returned to Brussels and in 1943 wrote and published the very first monograph on Magritte .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Akala	Illa State Records	It's Not a Rumour is the debut album by hip hop artist Akala released on 1 May 2006 on Illa State Records .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Taro Aso	House	Japanese Prime Minister Taro Aso decided Friday to dissolve the House of Representatives on Tuesday for a general election .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	X-Raided	Sacramento	By June 2000 Jaz Brown had a new title CEO of Madman Records the new label for X-Raided and other local Sacramento rappers .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Hubbard	Columbia	It was put together by CTI after Hubbard left the label to go to Columbia and the tracks were recorded at different sessions between 1971 and 1973 .
per:cities_of_residence(e2,e1)	London	Andrew Loog Oldham	As a friend of P.J. Proby who had already achieved success in Britain Jameson traveled to London where Andrew Loog Oldham had expressed an interest in recording him .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	she	Norway	In 1990 she as hired as director in the Bank of Norway .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	England	his	In addition John Lort Stokes who assumed command of the Beagle after Wickham explicitly states in his book Discoveries in Australia Volume 2 that Wickham departed to England after resigning his position as Captain .
per:country_of_birth(e2,e1)	Haiti	Edouard Wah	Edouard King Fong Wah ( b. 1938 Port-au-Prince Haiti ; d. September 30 2003 Port-au-Prince Haiti ) better known as Edouard Wah was a renowned Haitian painter .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	DiNovo	Toronto	The tactic backfired ; on 14 September 2006 DiNovo defeated Liberal candidate and incumbent Toronto city councillor Sylvia Watson by taking 41 % of the popular vote to Watson's 33 % .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Standard Oil	Ohio	In June 1870 Rockefeller formed Standard Oil of Ohio which rapidly became the most profitable refiner in Ohio .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Hardy Myers	Oregon	Her complaint is similar to one filed in federal court against the industry by Oregon Attorney General Hardy Myers on behalf of the University of Oregon to protect the privacy of university students the RIAA has accused of music piracy .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	John P. Donoghue	Delegates	Christopher B. Shank represents Hagerstown in the Maryland Senate while John P. Donoghue stands for the Hagerstown area in the Maryland House of Delegates .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Ma Ying-jeou	Kuomintang	But the claim was swiftly rebutted by Taiwan's President Ma Ying-jeou who insisted that his Kuomintang party led China to the final triumph over Japan .
per:title(e1,e2)	Daniela Sea	juggler	Daniela Sea ( born 1977 ) is an American filmmaker musician performance artist former circus juggler and actress .
no_relation	Lol Mahamat Choua	Chad	In Ndjamena the opposition Rally for Democracy and Progress ( RDP ) party of Lol Mahamat Choua who briefly served as Chad 's president in 1979 said he had been arrested Sunday by men in military fatigue driving a vehicle belonging to the Chadian presidential guard .
per:cities_of_residence(e2,e1)	Los Angeles	Richard Riordan	In the early 1990s Karatz co-chaired along with Los Angeles Mayor Richard Riordan the Mayor Alliance for a Safer LA which raised over $ 16 million to place computers in all LA precincts .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Tommy Thompson	Wisconsin	The Republicans are Tommy Thompson former governor of Wisconsin and former head of the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services U.S. Senator Sam Brownback of Kansas and former Arkansas Governor Mike Huckabee .
no_relation	Polizia di Stato	Polizia	Dark blue berets are worn by the Polizia di Stato and blue berets by the Polizia Penitenziaria .
no_relation	UNITAID	France	They are the Children's Investment Fund Foundation a London - based philanthropic organization founded by hedge fund manager Chris Hohn and his wife Jamie Cooper-Hohn and dedicated to helping children primarily in Africa and India ; and UNITAID an international drug purchasing organization formed by Brazil France Chile Norway and Britain to help provide care for HIV - AIDS malaria and tuberculosis patients in countries with high disease rates .
per:alternate_names(e1,e2)	Vinnie Vincent	Vincent John Cusano	Vinnie Vincent ( born Vincent John Cusano ; August 6 1952 ) is an American guitarist and songwriter well known as a former member in the band Kiss as well as the leader of his own band Vinnie Vincent Invasion .
per:title(e1,e2)	He	Minister	He gave up this post in 1917 to take up the position of Minister of Foreign Relations and during his rule Brazil declared war against the Central Powers in World War I. In 1918 he was again elected to the Senate .
org:members(e2,e1)	FAU	Division I	Since the hiring FAU has won 61 % of their games and transformed itself from a local power in South Florida to a national baseball program on the Division I level .
no_relation	Charlottetown	University of Prince Edward Island	He was born in Charlottetown Prince Edward Island the son of Ernest MacInnis and Celia Richardson and was educated at Prince of Wales College and the University of Prince Edward Island .
org:alternate_names(e2,e1)	Alameda-Contra Costa Transit District	AC Transit	The incident took place in downtown Oakland on an Alameda-Contra Costa Transit District ( AC Transit ) Line NL bus bound for San Francisco and involved a black man identified only as Michael and an older white bearded man identified as Thomas Alexander Bruso who later came to be referred to as Epic Beard Man .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	Digital Domain	Holdings	In 2009 Carl Stork sold his shares in the company to parent company Digital Domain Media Group Bay sold his shares in the company in or around March 2010 and on September 8 2010 Stork filed suit against Textor and Digital Domain Holdings Inc. ( referred to in the pleadings as DD California ) seeking to rescind the sale of his stock .
no_relation	Roth	Anthony	Without the Brothers Van Halen the Hall faced the prospect of putting Roth on stage with Anthony who is the lone founding member expected to attend and Sammy Hagar Roth's replacement in the band and longtime foil who logged more than a decade as the band's frontman .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Germany	Erich Honecker	Kim used to vacation with Communist leaders such as East Germany 's Erich Honecker and Romania's Nicolae Ceausescu .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Japan	d Takeda Pharmaceutical Compan	When he finally arrived in Japan in 1954 Juran met with ten manufacturing companies notably Showa Denko Nippon Kgaku Noritake an d Takeda Pharmaceutical Compan y .
org:founded_by(e1,e2)	Oxford University Press	University of Oxford	The Oxford Almanack is an annual almanac published by the Oxford University Press for the University of Oxford since 1674 .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	he	United States	After graduating from law school he clerked for Justice Clarence Thomas of the Supreme Court of the United States and Judge J. Harvie Wilkinson III of the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit .
org:founded(e2,e1)	2001	Hudson	The exhibits building built in 2001 houses a display on the international trade done by the Hudson 's Bay Company .
org:founded(e1,e2)	Washington	1999	The French Immersion School of Washington founded in 1999 is an American non-profit bilingual day school for children ages 2 to 11 years old .
no_relation	Joseph Pairin Kitingan	Sabah	They won 44 out of 48 seats contested.Malaysia - Pilihan Raya - Pilihan Raya Umum Sabah ( 1981 ) In 1984 party member Joseph Pairin Kitingan left the party to form Parti Bersatu Sabah .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Sen. Martinez	Florida	We may not have agreed on most things but on a range of issues Sen. Martinez put the interests of Florida ahead of the interests of his party said Rep. Corrine Brown D-Jacksonville .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	South Africa	regiment	In 1947 Queen Elizabeth ( later Queen Elizabeth the Queen Mother ) was appointed colonel-in-chief and from 1948 until South Africa became a republic in 1961 the regiment was the Queen's Own Cape Town Highlanders .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Kim C	Hot Potato	Meanwhile Kim C released a movie soundtrack See Saw as part of band Hot Potato which is well received by music fans .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Kyprianou	House	In the parliamentary elections of 5 September 1976 the Democratic Party won 21 seats out of a total of 35 in the House of Representatives and Kyprianou was elected President of the House .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Navarro College	Texas	The first campus of Navarro College was the site of the Air Activities of Texas a World War II primary flight school located six miles ( 10 km ) south of Corsicana .
org:alternate_names(e2,e1)	Pittsburgh	University of Pittsburgh	The 2012 13 Pittsburgh Panthers men's basketball team represented the University of Pittsburgh widely known as Pitt in the 2012-13 NCAA Division I men's basketball season .
per:alternate_names(e1,e2)	Joseph Pairin Kitingan	Sabah	K.S. Nallakarupan a former Malaysian Indian Congress Youth and Jeffrey Kitingan a popular Kadazan politician and brother of Joseph Pairin Kitingan president of the Barisan Nasional-aligned Parti Bersatu Sabah have also recently joined the party .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Junichiro Koizumi	Japan	In 2005 Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi tapped Nikai to head the Diet committee in charge of the privatization of Japan Post .
org:city_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	St. Louis	Express Scripts	As of 2013 the St. Louis area is home to nine Fortune 500 companies : Express Scripts Emerson Electric Monsanto Reinsurance Group of America Centene Peabody Energy Ameren Graybar Electric and Edward Jones .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Chiang Ching-kuo	Kuomintang	Chiang Ching-kuo appointed as Kuomintang director of Secret Police in 1950 was educated in the Soviet Union and initiated Soviet style military organization in the Republic of China Military reorganizing and Sovietizing the political officer corps surveillance and Kuomintang party activities were propagated throughout the military .
no_relation	Italy	Mario Draghi	Borsa's decision to accept the LSE offer was welcomed by Bank of Italy Governor Mario Draghi who said the move helped to bring the Milan exchange out of isolation .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	Linksys	Cisco Systems	It was originally marketed by the Linksys division of Cisco Systems in 2007 .
no_relation	Trade Unions	Zimbabwe	Among the protesters who were arrested were Wellington Chibebe secretary general of the Congress of Trade Unions and Raymond Majongwe secretary-general of the Progressive Teachers Union of Zimbabwe Matombo said .
org:founded(e2,e1)	1928	Sentinel-Cammell	In 1928 PR bought one vertical-boilered 0-4-0T shunting locomotive and two vertical-boilered steam-powered railcars for local services from Sentinel-Cammell in Shrewsbury England .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Young Buck	G-Unit	On August 24 2004 Young Buck would release his G-Unit Records debut album Straight Outta Cashville The album's title alludes to the N.W.A. album Straight Outta Compton and is a neologism for Nashville ( his hometown ) .
per:spouse(e1,e2)	Simone	Oliver Palotai	In late April of 2013 it was announced on the Epica Facebook page that Simone and long-time partner Oliver Palotai were expecting their first child in late summer 2013 .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Italian Space Agency	Italy	The payload was the third part of a four-satellite system called COSMO-SkyMed -- short for Constellation of Small Satellites for Mediterranean Basin Observation -- developed under an agreement between the Italian Space Agency and Italy 's defense ministry .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Rob Portman	Ohio	Rob Portman a Republican and former trade representative was easily elected to the Senate from Ohio even though trade had been a contentious issue there .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Tuilaepa Aiono Sailele Malielegaoi	Samoa	The ceremony was attended by Tuilaepa Aiono Sailele Malielegaoi Prime Minister of Samoa ( who also competed in the Games - see below ) and Tuiatua Tupua Tamasese Efi Head of State .
no_relation	Ohio	John Carroll University	Educated at Ohio University and John Carroll University with master's degrees in education and religious studies she is an associate member of the Congregation of St. Joseph and maintains an office at River's Edge a ministry of the Sisters of St. Joseph in Cleveland Ohio .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Paul Martin	Quebec	It was initially believed that Paul Martin 's Liberals would win a majority of seats in Quebec at the expense of the Bloc but the Liberal Party's fortunes were instead damaged by the sponsorship scandal in which some advertising revenues approved by the government to promote Canadian federalism in Quebec were found to have been misused .
per:spouse(e1,e2)	Yoweri Museveni	Janet Museveni	The current President of Uganda Yoweri Museveni and his wife Janet Museveni were both born in Ntungamo District .
org:city_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Walldorf	SAP	SAP based in Walldorf Germany said the deal will immediately add to SAP 's earnings .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	In Strict Confidence	WTII	In Strict Confidence has been signed to several record labels including Metropolis Records and WTII Records .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e2,e1)	Hawaii	Daniel Akaka	He has scorned Case since the then-congressman ran against Hawaii 's other senator Democrat Daniel Akaka in the 2006 primary .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Reis	Swami Records	Following the band's breakup Reis focused his energy on running Swami Records and continued to play with the Sultans until their breakup in January 2007 .
no_relation	Industrial Workers of the World	International	On July 5 2008 the Industrial Workers of the World and the International Workers Association joined forces in a Global Day of Action to protest Starbucks ' anti-union practices .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	Italian Intelligence Services	CESIS	With the reform of the Italian Intelligence Services approved on 1 August 2007 CESIS was replaced by DIS.Legislative Act n. 124 of 08/03/2007 reported on the Official Gazette of the Italian Republic General Series n. 187 of 08/13/2007 .
org:members(e1,e2)	Gonzaga University	Gonzaga Bulldogs	Morrison arrived at Gonzaga University to play for the Gonzaga Bulldogs in 2003 .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Tottori University	Tottori	After graduating from high school in Kumamoto city he joined Tottori University in Tottori Prefecture and studied agricultural science .
no_relation	Houston	Jandek	He releases albums through his own record label Corwood Industries keeping a Houston post office box so fans can write to Corwood for a typewritten catalogue and order Jandek albums usually at low prices .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Mari Alkatiri	East Timor	Let's not say the freeing of Martenus Bere was in the national interest as it violates the constitution former prime minister Mari Alkatiri told parliament as opposition lawmakers shouted that the government had undermined East Timor 's independence .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	Huang Guangyu	Gome Electrical Appliances	BEIJING April 22 ( Xinhua ) -- Huang Guangyu former chairman of Gome Electrical Appliances Holdings went on trial Thursday on charges of illegal business dealings insider trading and bribery at the Beijing No. 2 Intermediate People's Court .
per:title(e2,e1)	Prime Minister	Jorge del Castillo	Peruvian Prime Minister Jorge del Castillo blamed Alvarez for creating a senseless division and said that over 100 mayors of all Ancash Province oppose the mobilization .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Council of Economic Advisers	Martin Feldstein	Many of the Chairmen of the Council of Economic Advisers have also been NBER Research Associates including the former NBER President and Harvard Professor Martin Feldstein .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Bob Graham	Florida	In 2002 Floridians led by U.S. Senator Bob Graham passed an amendment to the Florida Constitution establishing a new statewide governing body the Florida Board of Governors .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Shalala	University	Shalala currently president of the University of Miami called the conditions at Walter Reed an embarrassment to the country .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Energy	Samuel Bodman	This was purely an example '' Energy Secretary Samuel Bodman said .
no_relation	Pierre University	Netherlands	Current options open to students include the Libre de Bruxelles and Katholieke Universiteit Leuven in Belgium Aarhus Universitet in Denmark the University of Helsinki in Finland the University of Auvergne Pierre University and University Lyon 2 in France the Universities of Freiburg Marburg and Regensburg in Germany Maastricht University in the Netherlands the University of Bergen in Norway Universidad de Deusto and Universidad de Sevilla in Spain and the Universities of Stellenbosch and Cape Town in South Africa .
org:alternate_names(e2,e1)	Barrington	College	Barrington College was founded in 1900 as the Bethel Bible Training School in Spencer Massachusetts .
org:city_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Berkeley	California Golden Bears	Kobernus attended Bishop O'Dowd High School in Oakland California and the University of California Berkeley where he played college baseball for the California Golden Bears baseball team .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Big Machine	Taylor Swift	It was released on January 29 2008 by Big Machine Records as the fourth single from Swift's eponymous studio album Taylor Swift ( 2006 ) .
org:top_members/employees(e1,e2)	Boeing	chief executive	The year was not without its challenges but it also was a year of exciting achievements for our company and our industry said Jim Albaugh Boeing Commercial Airplanes president and chief executive .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	George Washington	Continental Army	a unit modeled after Gen. George Washington 's Continental Army band during the Revolutionary War .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Canada	Davey Boy Smith	He later scored victories over Doug Furnas Miguel Perez Jr. and Adam Copeland ( Edge ) before the end of the year and was also scheduled to make a one night appearance with Team Canada at the 1997 Survivor Series with British Bulldog Davey Boy Smith Jim The Anvil Neidhart and Tiger Ali Singh against Team USA which included The Patriot Vader Dude Love and Goldust on November 9 1997 although Kulka and Singh were replaced with Doug Furnas Phil Lafon while the Patriot and Dude Love were replaced by Marc Mero and Steve Blackman .
per:cities_of_residence(e2,e1)	Paris	her	In 1860 she began attending the Conservatoire de Musique at in Paris and eventually became a student at the where she would have her acting debut ( August 11 1862 ) in the title role of Racine's to lackluster reviews .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Australia	Alexander Downer	The treaty was signed in Adelaide on 25 July 2004 by Foreign Minister of Australia Alexander Downer and Foreign Minister of New Zealand Phil Goff .
per:title(e2,e1)	Treasurer	Paul Keating	Then-Prime Minister Bob Hawke and his Treasurer Paul Keating oversaw the decision to eliminate foreign-exchange controls and announced early in December 1983 that they were ending the Australian dollar's peg to a basket of other currencies .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Daiei	Japan	Eggs sporting small ads for ' Chicken Ramen ' noodles made by Nissin Food Products the Japanese inventor of instant noodles went on sale at Daiei supermarkets across Japan on Thursday in a first for Japanese shoppers .
org:members(e2,e1)	Merzbow	ZSF Produkt	Cloud Cock OO Grand was the first example of this style Merzbow 's first digital recording and the only CD on ZSF Produkt .
org:alternate_names(e1,e2)	Oslo Stock Exchange	Christiania	The Oslo Stock Exchange started life as Christiania in 1819 .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Sierra Leone	Sierra Leone national football team	Sheriff Suma ( born October 12 1986 in Freetown Sierra Leone ) nickname Awilo is a Sierra Leonean international footballer who most recently played as a winger for Ravan Baku and for the Sierra Leone national football team .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	American Public Television	Create	PBS YOU was offered until January 2006 and largely succeeded by American Public Television 's Create ; PBS Kids was replaced with PBS KIDS Sprout at the start of October 2005 .
no_relation	Princess Royal	Charles I of England	On May 2 1641 William married Mary Henrietta Princess Royal the eldest daughter of King Charles I of England and Henrietta Maria of France in the Chapel Royal Whitehall Palace London .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	Mucho Muchacho	Barcelona	Mucho Muchacho also called Mucho Mu is the pseudonym of Oliver Gallego Sarmiento MC of Barcelona born in 1976 member of the group 7 Notas 7 Colores and that founded on 2003 the musical seal C.R.E.A.M. under which it published his only LP in solitaire like MC .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Thailand	Surayud Chulanont	Two people were gunned down by suspected insurgents in Thailand 's restive Muslim-majority south on Friday as army-installed Prime Minister Surayud Chulanont paid a visit to the region .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Berkofsky	Koch	Berkofsky has recorded for the EMI Arts Cristofori Sanctuary/Black Box Koch International Crystal Vox Allegretto Nimbus Vox-Turnabout FONO Angel Poseidon Society and Musical Heritage Society labels .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Chadli Bendjedid	Algeria	Chadli Bendjedid third president of Algeria is born in this town .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Windsor	Paul Martin	At the University of Windsor Pawley served as an Associate Professor 1990 2000 and also served as the Paul Martin Professor 1993-1998 .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Chamber	Irene Pivetti	A Berlusconi supporter former Chamber of Deputies speaker Irene Pivetti told the crowd that Berlusconi had fallen ill because of the tension because of the emotion of the speech .
org:top_members/employees(e2,e1)	Emmanuel Olivier	MC2 France	In 2003 Emmanuel Olivier took control of and Wanadoo Edition and merged them to form MC2 France .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Paul	party	While the current position of the Bloc remains unclear former Bloc MP Paul ( Montmagny L'Islet Kamouraska party ) has come out in support of net neutrality .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	G-Unit	Tony Yayo	Based in Philadelphia Pennsylvania G-Unit Philly would be run by G-Unit artist Tony Yayo .
per:title(e2,e1)	Prime Minister	Robert Borden	Prime Minister Robert Borden stated that up to this time Nova Scotia hardly regarded itself as included in the Canadian Confederation . . The rebellion evoked a new sprit . . The Riel Rebellion did more to unite Nova Scotia with the rest of Canada than any event that had occurred since Confderation .
no_relation	Mitsuko Uchida	Philips	Pianists who have recorded the pieces include Imogen Cooper on Ottavo and Avie Lee on Disques Valois Schiff on Decca Claudio Arrau Alfred Brendel and Mitsuko Uchida on Philips Wilhelm Kempff Maria Pires and Maurizio Pollini on Deutsche Grammophon and Eliso Virsaladze on Live Classics ; the British performer Peter Katin and also the Belgian pianist Jos Van Immerseel have recorded them on a period ( early-nineteenth-century ) instrument .
no_relation	1 October 2004	Victoria University of Manchester	On 5 March 2003 it was announced that the University was to merge with UMIST on 1 October 2004 to form the largest conventional university in the UK the University of Manchester following which the Victoria University of Manchester and UMIST would cease to exist .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Tomiichi Murayama	Japan	Hatoyama said the Japanese government would stick to the Aug. 15 1995 statement by former Prime Minister Tomiichi Murayama on the history issue in which Murayama made an apology for Japanese crimes before and during the war and expressed deep remorse and stressed the need for Japan to convey to younger generations the horror of war so that it would never repeat the mistake .
org:members(e2,e1)	Buffalo Bulls	Division I	The field is home to the Buffalo Bulls baseball team of the Division I Mid-American Conference .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e2,e1)	Quebec	Gilles Duceppe	The scandal hurt Martin's popularity especially in Quebec where Bloc leader Gilles Duceppe even accused Martin of planning to widen the St. Lawrence seaway to benefit his own Canada Steamship Lines .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Capital University	Ohio	I would n't be surprised if the FEC does not address this in the next couple of years -- what you have to put on your Web site for soliciting contributions said Bradley A. Smith a former FEC chairman and a law professor at Capital University Law School in Columbus Ohio .
no_relation	Aberystwyth University	Bertolt Brecht	Afterwards he was invited to help with the Theatre Performance Degree Course at Aberystwyth University where he helped with Bertolt Brecht 's Mother Courage and Her Children The Caucasian Chalk Circle and Alarm Call .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Nepal	Ram Baran Yadav	The current head of state of Nepal is President Ram Baran Yadav elected in July 2008 .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	ZCTU	Zimbabwe	The government has warned the organisers that such an action will only serve to worsen the economic crisis but the ZCTU which was formerly headed by Zimbabwe 's main opposition leader Morgan Tsvangirai has refused to back down .
no_relation	No Limit	Beats By The Pound	It was released on October 4 2005 for No Limit and Priority Records and was produced by Beats By The Pound .
org:alternate_names(e1,e2)	Haileybury and Imperial Service College	Haileybury	Haileybury and Imperial Service College ( usually shortened to Haileybury ISC or Haileybury ) is a British independent school founded in 1862 .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Kenya	Jomo Kenyatta	Despite British hopes of handing power to moderate African rivals it was the Kenya African National Union ( KANU ) of Jomo Kenyatta that formed a government shortly before Kenya became independent on 12 December 1963 on the same day forming the first Constitution of Kenya .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	IE Business School	Madrid	Spain and Portugal's capacity to meet their payments are not being questioned as is the case for Greece which faces key debt deadlines Fernando Fernandez an economist at the IE Business School in Madrid told AFP .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Bangladesh	Fakhruddin Ahmed	Chief Advisor of Bangladesh 's caretaker government Fakhruddin Ahmed left here Monday for New Delhi to attend the 14th SAARC ( South Asian Association for Regional Cooperation ) summit in the Indian capital as outgoing chairperson of the South Asian regional forum .
per:spouse(e1,e2)	Arlene Dahl	Esther Williams	Lamas was married four times to Perla Mux ( 1940-1944 ) Lydia Barachi ( 1946-1952 ) actress Arlene Dahl ( 1954-1960 ) and swimmer and actress Esther Williams ( 1969 until his death in 1982 ) .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	General Motors	Buick	General Motors produces cars and trucks in 37 countries and sells and services the vehicles through the following brands : Chevrolet Buick GMC Cadillac Baojun Holden Isuzu Jie Fang Opel Vauxhall and Wuling .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Ian Smith	Rhodesia	Ian Smith the steely prime minister of Rhodesia ( now Zimbabwe ) who unilaterally declared the former British colony's independence in 1965 and spent 14 years defying international sanctions and calls for black majority rule died Nov. 20 at a clinic near Cape Town South Africa after a stroke .
no_relation	Russell A. Alger	Michigan	His son Russell A. Alger Jr. was instrumental in persuading the Packard Motor Car Company to move to Michigan from Ohio ; he also built in Grosse Pointe Michigan a palatial Italian Renaissance style estate The Moorings which was donated in 1949 and became the Grosse Pointe War Memorial honoring veterans of World War II .
per:title(e2,e1)	Prime Minister	Hun Sen	Cambodian Prime Minister Hun Sen promised to combat corruption and advocate good governance as he unveiled the country's new Cabinet on Thursday .
per:title(e1,e2)	Vladimir Putin	President	After Yeltsin's resignation on 31 December 1999 Prime Minister Vladimir Putin served as Acting President until 7 May 2000 when he took office as elected President .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Germany	Helmut Kohl	I believe if Delors was in change in Europe Mitterrand in France and Kohl in Germany . . things would not be the same he said referring to former EU Commission President Jacques Delors late President Francois Mitterrand and former Chancellor Helmut Kohl .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Cambodia	Hun Sen	UP was fully recognized by the Royal Government of Cambodia under a sub-decree signed by Hun Sen Prime Minister of the Kingdom of Cambodia on 15 November 2007 .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Doherty	England	Doherty had earlier played at the V music festival in central England .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Afghanistan	Gulbuddin Hekmatyar	Staffan de Mistura the special UN representative in Afghanistan met with delegates from Hezb-e-Islami headed by warlord Gulbuddin Hekmatyar who is black-listed as a terrorist by the United Nations and United States .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	LDK	Ibrahim Rugova	The low turnout slashed support for the LDK the party of late independence icon Ibrahim Rugova credited with only 22 percent compared with 45 percent in elections just three years ago .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	AeroRepublica	Colombia	The result of this process was the start of operations of AeroRepublica in June 1993 with 727-100 aircraft painted with the colors of the flag of Colombia ( yellow blue and red ) initially flying from to cities of the Colombian coast as Santa Marta Cartagena and San Andres .
org:alternate_names(e1,e2)	Nigeria national football team	Super Eagles	The Nigeria national football team nicknamed the Super Eagles is the national team of Nigeria and is controlled by the Nigeria Football Association .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	Johnny Borrell	London	As of 2013 the band is on hiatus At the beginning of their career Johnny Borrell 's new outfit spent six months rehearsing in a decaying factory space in east London .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Avondale College	Cooranbong	Sydney Adventist College is also related to Avondale College a tertiary college located in Cooranbong NSW .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Algeria	his	The economic condition of Algeria in the late 1990s as well as a wave of public sector strikes contributed to his increasing unpopularity as Prime Minister and his December 1998 resignation .
per:spouse(e2,e1)	Brad Paisley	Kimberly Williams-Paisley	A publicist for country music singer Brad Paisley says Paisley and his wife Kimberly Williams-Paisley are expecting their second child .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Malaysia	Maybank	Malaysia 's largest lender Maybank did not complete its planned purchase of a 56 percent stake in an Indonesian bank from Singapore state-linked investment firm Temasek Holdings Temasek said Friday .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Electric Wizard	England	Electric Wizard a doom metal band from England recorded a song called Eko Eko Azarak on their 2004 album We Live .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Thailand	Suchinda Kraprayoon	General Sunthorn Kongsompong ( 1931 - 1999 ) was the de facto head of government of Thailand from 1991 - 1992 following a military coup d'etat led by Sunthorn and General Suchinda Kraprayoon deposed the government of Prime Minister Chatichai Choonhavan on February 23 1991 .
per:country_of_birth(e1,e2)	Omar Deghayes	Libya	Omar Deghayes was born in Tripoli Libya in 1969 .
org:founded_by(e1,e2)	Emperors Club VIP	Mark Brener	Emperors Club VIP was an international escort agency based in New York City founded in 2004 by Mark Brener and Cecil Suwal and operated from the bank accounts of QAT Consulting Group Inc. and QAT International Inc .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Austria	choir	Delegated to represent Malta during the first edition of the choral Olympics held in Linz Austria the following year the choir was awarded bronze 1 from amongst over twenty participants in the mixed choirs category .
org:top_members/employees(e2,e1)	Rabbi David Ellenson	Hebrew Union College	It is of incredible importance to note that her ordination coincides with the election of Barack Obama said Rabbi David Ellenson president of Hebrew Union College who will ordain Stanton at the college's Cincinnati campus on Saturday .
per:title(e2,e1)	President	Castro	On May 20 2010 Archbishop Dionisio Guillermo and Cardinal Ortega met with Cuban President Castro to discuss issues concerning jailed political dissidents .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Moreve	Steppenwolf	Moreve joined the band in 1967 and performed on their debut album Steppenwolf which was composed of covers and songs written by Kay .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Adisadel College	Ghana	He arrived in the United States in the late 1980s with only a High School diploma from the Adisadel College in Cape Coast Ghana .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Chuck Berry	Chess	Anthology is a two-disc compilation album by rock and roll performer Chuck Berry released on July 27 2000 by Chess Records .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Junichiro Koizumi	Japan	Former Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi has conclusively ruled out running to succeed Shinzo Abe as Japan 's premier Kyodo News agency reported Thursday .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	The Weather Channel	Blackstone Group	The channel was devoted solely to weather forecasts from across the United States and was a direct competitor to The Weather Channel ( owned by NBC Universal Bain Capital and Blackstone Group ) .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	Asif Ali Zardari	Karachi	Majid on Wednesday made a farewell call on Pakistani President Asif Ali Zardari in Karachi .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Mitch McConnell	Kentucky	They 've wasted the first seven months by being excessively partisan and creating unnecessary in my view disputes with a pretty robust minority of 49 said Sen. Mitch McConnell of Kentucky the Republican leader .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	Army	Dixie Mission	Morris DePass ( October 20 1895-January 1981 ) was a colonel in the United States Army and a commanding officer of the Dixie Mission an American observation mission to Yan ' an China in 1944 to investigate and establish official relations with the Chinese Communists .
no_relation	after the fire	England	The tunnel operator's stocks fell 3.33 percent to 8.70 euros at the start of trading in Paris on Friday morning after the fire halted all traffic in the tunnel which links England and France .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	Low Yield Atomics was	Sydney	Low Yield Atomics was a punk-rock outfit and performed in Sydney and Newcastle from about 2001 until 2002 .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Samoa Broadcasting Corporation	Samoa	The Samoa Broadcasting Corporation ( SBC ) was a public broadcaster in the South Pacific island country of Samoa .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Queens University of Charlotte	North Carolina	He serves on the core faculty of the low-residency MFA program at Queens University of Charlotte in North Carolina .
org:members(e2,e1)	Georgia Bulldogs	Division I	The University of Georgia's intercollegiate sports teams commonly known by their Georgia Bulldogs nickname compete in National Collegiate Athletic Association ( NCAA ) Division I and the Southeastern Conference ( SEC ) .
org:alternate_names(e1,e2)	Highcliffe School	Dorset	Highcliffe School Team Two Christchurch Dorset - Love and Rejection .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e2,e1)	Michigan	Eminem	In 1999 Jenkins and his wife Dora opened a franchise of Chicago's Harold's Chicken Shack in Ferndale Michigan on 8 Mile Road made famous by Detroit rapper Eminem .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	India	Jitender Kumar	With two Olympic medals already in India 's kitty more hopes were rested on boxers Jitender Kumar and Vijender Kumar .
org:members(e2,e1)	CAMH	University of Toronto	CAMH is fully affiliated with the University of Toronto and is a Pan American Health Organization and World Health Organization Collaborating Centre .
org:members(e1,e2)	New World Development	China	Cheng is the elder son of Cheng Yu-tung the founder of New World Development and is the chairman of New World Development as well as chairman of NWS Holdings New World China Land New World Department Store China and Taifook Securities .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	OPEC	Vienna	He also ensured Austria will continue to assist OPEC and its activities in Vienna .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Treasury	Lyman J. Gage	He won the support for his plans from Secretary of the Treasury Lyman J. Gage and in March 1901 President William McKinley appointed him the first director of the National Bureau of Standards .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Fat Wreck Chords	No Use for a Name	The game's soundtrack all consisting of punk rock was prepared by both branches of Sega : a Japanese team ( Sachio Ogawa and Tomoya Koga ) had 12 songs composed and produced in-house while an American team arranged a deal with the Fat Wreck Chords label to license 9 songs from the bands Consumed Zero Down No Use for a Name Mad Caddies and Rise Against .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Stony Brook University	Stony Brook	Since its founding The Statesman has received many awards for its superb work in journalism Before Stony Brook University was located in Stony Brook NY it was located in Oyster Bay NY albeit with a different name .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	She	Hamburg	She began her professional career at the age of 14 as a singer in Hamburg clubs on the Reeperbahn .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Hifikepunye Pohamba	Namibia	He wanted Hifikepunye Pohamba the current president of Namibia to be the next SWAPO president the statement added .
per:spouse(e1,e2)	Sybil Thorndike	Lewis Casson	He was born in Manchester Lancashire England the youngest son of actors Sybil Thorndike and Lewis Casson .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Singapore	Lee Hsien Loong	The APEC CEO Summit 2009 opened Friday with the world's top business leaders gathering here in Singapore to meet with APEC economic leaders and Singaporean Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong is to deliver a keynote address .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	India	Osho	Her journey also took her to India where she become a disciple of Osho the new-age guru best - known for promoting free love before moving to the United States where she still resides .
per:title(e2,e1)	CEO	Paul Otellini	On Thursday Intel CEO Paul Otellini showed off a new smartphone from LG Electronics Inc. that was built on Intel chips and is expected to go on sale in the second half of this year .
org:alternate_names(e2,e1)	Saudi Arabian Oil Company	Saudi Aramco	In 1988 Fahd of Saudi Arabia issued a royal decree establishing the Saudi Arabian Oil Company known as Saudi Aramco to replace Aramco .
org:members(e2,e1)	Florida Institute of Technology	NCAA Division II	After starring at Dawson College and receiving All-Canadian honours he went on to become an All-American at the Florida Institute of Technology an NCAA Division II basketball program after starring at NCAA Division I Siena College .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Kuomintang	Ma Ying-jeou	The Kuomintang Party ( KMT ) endorsed Ma Ying-jeou as its candidate for Taiwan leader at the second session of its 17th party congress on Sunday according to reports by Taiwan-based media .
org:founded_by(e1,e2)	Google	Sergey Brin	It is the story of Google 's founders ; Sergey Brin and Larry Page and starts with how they dropped out of graduate school at Stanford University before creating the search engine .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Hero	Quezon City	Hero ( sometimes referred to as Hero TV ) is a Filipino cable television network based in Quezon City .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Vital Remains	Dave Suzuki	Shortly after the guitar roles were then filled by ex-Cannibal Corpse guitarist Jack Owen and Vital Remains guitarist Dave Suzuki .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	ARL	News Limited	As a result in the following months the National Rugby League ( NRL ) jointly owned by the ARL and News Limited was formed .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	Citigroup	Akbank	In 2006 Citigroup bought 20 percent of Akbank -- drawn partly she said by its credit card franchise .
org:top_members/employees(e2,e1)	Doreen Bird	Bird College	Doreen Bird was principal of the Doreen Bird College of Performing Arts until her retirement in 1998 when she appointed Sue Passmore as Principal and Executive Director .
per:spouse(e2,e1)	Henry	her	Over the next few years Anne had three miscarriages and Henry -- who had become disenchanted with her even before Elizabeth's birth -- decided to be rid of her .
org:members(e2,e1)	Wales	Six Nations Championship	Ruddock who led Wales to that Six Nations Championship clean sweep two years ago has agreed a three-year contract and will take over from John Brain .
org:founded_by(e1,e2)	BaseN	Pasi Hurri	BaseN was founded by Pasi Hurri ( President and CEO ) together with of network professionals who have been developing Internet and IP technologies for the last two decades both in industry and service provider world .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Pakistan	Pervez Musharraf	His previous interviews have also included Malaysia former Prime Minister Mahathir Mohamed and Pakistan 's former President Pervez Musharraf .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Negros Oriental State University	Negros Oriental	The NORSUnian is the official Weekly student publication of Negros Oriental State University system ( formerly Central Visayas Polytechnic College ) located in Dumaguete City in Negros Oriental Philippines .
no_relation	Ralph Stanley	Curly Ray Cline-fiddle	Ralph Stanley and His Clinch Mountain Boys consisted of Ralph Stanley-banjo Larry Sparks-guitar Curly Ray Cline-fiddle and Melvin Goins-bass .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Iran	he	Because of the popularity of Siavash's voice among young generation in recent years many singers inside Iran tried to sing in the same way as he does .
per:country_of_birth(e1,e2)	Lawrence Arabia	New Zealand	Lawrence Arabia is the musical guise of New Zealand artist James Milne .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Register.com	New York	On Wednesday China's top Internet search engine Baidu said it had sued a US Web domain name registration firm Register.com in a New York court after its site was hacked .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Chile	Salvador Allende	Six escapees boarded a plane and managed to flee to Chile where they were granted political asylum by socialist President Salvador Allende and allowed to proceed to Cuba .
org:members(e2,e1)	Mississippi Valley State University	Division I	The 2012 Mississippi Valley State Delta Devils football team represented Mississippi Valley State University in the 2012 NCAA Division I FCS football season .
per:title(e2,e1)	musician	Dave Matthews	West Hollywood resident Kevin Carlberg a 30-year-old musician who was diagnosed with the same brain cancer five years ago while on tour with the Blues Traveler and the Dave Matthews Band agreed with Sugioka's sentiment .
per:spouse(e2,e1)	Bill Laswell	Gigi	Through her performing with top jazz musicians such as Bill Laswell ( who is also her husband ) and Herbie Hancock Gigi has brought Ethiopian music to popular attention especially in the United States where she now lives .
org:top_members/employees(e1,e2)	Edge and Christian	Edge	The team of Edge and Christian and Right to Censor dominated the earlier part of the match as Edge scored the first elimination as he performed a Sitout Rear Mat Slam which he calls Edge-o-Matic on Matt .
per:title(e2,e1)	Finance	Wouter Bos	Finance Minister Wouter Bos announced the appointment at a press conference Friday .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Memorial High School	Texas	In his junior year Charles ran for yards and 25 touchdowns while leading Memorial High School of Port Arthur Texas to the 5A Division II quarterfinals .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Alexander Bustamante	Jamaica	Lady B as Bustamante was known married Alexander Bustamante in 1963 a year after Jamaica was granted independence from Britain .
org:top_members/employees(e1,e2)	Alitalia	Augusto Fantozzi	Later in the day Alitalia 's bankruptcy administrator Augusto Fantozzi was scheduled to brief lawmakers in a Senate commission on the airline's situation .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	He	Egypt	He received a bachelor's and an MS degree from the University of Alexandria before moving from Egypt to the United States to complete his PhD at the University of Pennsylvania with advisor Robin Hochstrasser .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Pol Pot	Communist Party	By that stage in the conflict most surviving leaders of the Eastern Military Zone had escaped into Vietnam where they assembled at various secret camps with the purpose of forming a Vietnamese-backed liberation army to fight against Pol Pot Khmer Rouge regime.Morris p. 107 Meanwhile the Vietnamese Communist Party Politburo was meeting in Hanoi to discuss its strategy for Kampuchea .
org:top_members/employees(e2,e1)	Sari Nusseibeh	Al-Quds University	Sari Nusseibeh ( ) ( born in 1949 ) is a Palestinian professor of philosophy and president of the Al-Quds University in Jerusalem .
no_relation	Cheddi Jagan	International Airport	The airline had not yet finalized its flight schedule but the plan was to serve Boa Vista International Airport ( BVB ) Bridgetown Grantley Adams International Airport ( BGI ) Georgetown Cheddi Jagan International Airport ( GEO ) and St. Lucia Hewanorra International Airport ( UVF ) from Paramaribo Johan Adolf Pengel International Airport ( PBM ) .
org:alternate_names(e2,e1)	Metropolitan Transportation Authority	MTA	MTA Regional Bus Operations ( RBO ) is the surface transit division of the Metropolitan Transportation Authority ( New York ) ( MTA ) created in 2008 to consolidate all bus operations operated by the MTA .
org:alternate_names(e1,e2)	Vector Group	Douglas Elliman Realty	LeBow's Vector Group also owns New Valley LLC which has a 50 percent ownership stake in Douglas Elliman Realty LLC and holds investments in California and New York real estate projects .
org:city_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Nashville	Hospital Corporation of America	Having been given a ticket and a house share for the 1968 Masters Tournament at the Augusta National Golf Club Rodgers ended up sharing a home with Thomas Frist a doctor from Nashville Tennessee who had just started a private hospital company called Hospital Corporation of America .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	Helen Hayes	Nyack	In 1983 the Little Theater on West 45th Street was renamed The Helen Hayes Theatre in her honor as was a theatre in Nyack which has since been renamed the Riverspace-Arts Center .
org:founded(e2,e1)	1851	Patek Philippe Co.	He became the financier of Antoni Patek's watchmaking business in Geneva that in 1851 became Patek Philippe Co. .
org:top_members/employees(e1,e2)	Eagle Forum	Phyllis Schlafly	She is the best possible choice says Eagle Forum President Phyllis Schlafly .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Venezuela	Hugo	The presidents of Venezuela and Iran in 2009 President Hugo and President Ahmadinejad respectively have both described themselves on the world stage as opposed to US imperialism .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	University Hospital of North Durham	County Durham	http://www.cddft.nhs.uk/Contact+Us/Hospital+Sites/BishopAucklandGeneralHospital.htm The nearest Accident and Emergency departments are based at Darlington Memorial Hospital and University Hospital of North Durham The hospital provides day case surgery and low risk planned operations for the County Durham and Darlington area .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Theodor	Austria	It saw socialist Theodor mayor of Vienna defeating the governor of Upper Austria Heinrich of the Austrian People's Party .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	BYU	BYU Jerusalem Center	The U.S. government also became an intermediary for BYU as 154 members of Congress issued a letter to the Knesset in support of the BYU Jerusalem Center .
per:origin(e1,e2)	Andrew Johnson	American	I 'd be interested to know why you consider Fillmore or Andrew Johnson to have been incompetent and how to use your silly phrase American vitality rescued the situation .
per:title(e2,e1)	Governor	Lewis Cass	He was appointed prosecuting attorney of Michigan Territory by Governor Lewis Cass .
org:members(e2,e1)	Notre Dame Fighting Irish	Big East	The 2008 09 Notre Dame Fighting Irish men's basketball team represents the University of Notre Dame in the 2008-09 college basketball season competing in the Big East Conference .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Albania	Nano	During the 1997 unrest in Albania Nano was released from prison due to a Presidential Decree offering amnesty to all prisoners in Albania .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	Duke Blue Devils	Duke University	The 1996 Duke Blue Devils football team represented the Duke University in the 1996 NCAA Division I-A football season .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	Imperial College London	Charing Cross Hospital	By coincidence Huxley was instrumental in the founding of Imperial College London though its merger with Charing Cross Hospital did n't take place until almost a century later .
per:spouse(e2,e1)	Britney Spears	Kevin Federline	LOS ANGELES California ( CNN ) -- Singer Britney Spears ' visitation rights with her children were suspended Thursday until she complies with court orders in her custody battle with her ex-husband Kevin Federline .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e2,e1)	Nova Scotia	Charles Tupper	Tupper was born in Halifax Nova Scotia the son of Charles Tupper ( who later served as Premier of Nova Scotia from 1863 to 1867 and Prime Minister of Canada in 1896 ) and Frances Amelie Morst .
org:members(e1,e2)	Russia	Eurasian Economic Community	Besides Russia the other members of the Eurasian Economic Community intended to facilitate trade and other ties are Belarus Kazakhstan Kyrgyzstan and Tajikistan .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	GM Europe	Saab	Zurich Switzerland-based GM Europe 's brands include Saab Opel and Vauxhall .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	SportsNet New York	New York Mets	On December 11 2006 he was hired as the lead studio analyst for SportsNet New York the New York Mets ' cable television network.ESPN Mazzilli named lead studio analyst for SNY MLB For the 2009 season he was replaced by Bob Ojeda .
per:title(e1,e2)	Harold Brown	physicist	It is named for Harold Brown a physicist who served as United States Secretary of the Air Force from 1965-1969 and later as United States Secretary of Defense ( 1977-1981 ) .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Japan	Anna Tsuchiya	In October Berryz Kobo participated at the Asia Song Festival 2008 in South Korea representing Japan along with W-inds and Anna Tsuchiya .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	Chrispa	Athens	During the first half of 2008 Nino appeared alongside Chrispa and Andreas Stamos at club Thalassa in Athens for the promotion of his album .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	NUT	London	The NUT first established its offices at 7 Adam Street Adelphi London WC on the appointment of the first full-time Secretary in 1873 .
org:members(e1,e2)	Huddersfield	Kirklees	After boundary changes in 2004 Huddersfield now covers eight of the twenty-three electoral wards for Kirklees Council .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Hastings Banda	Malawi	Further complications emerged for political reasons during the 1960s when President Hastings Banda of Malawi became the only African leader to establish diplomatic relations with the white-ruled country of South Africa .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Lil Scrappy	G ' $ Up	In September 2008 Good Hands announced a joint venture with artist Lil Scrappy 's new label G ' $ Up Records .
no_relation	Umpire	Cory Blaser	Umpire Cory Blaser thought differently and called Morneau out .
per:country_of_birth(e2,e1)	Sweden	Fredrik Reinfeldt	Prime Minister of Sweden Fredrik Reinfeldt said he was happy and proud at the news of achievement .
per:country_of_birth(e1,e2)	Ninet Tayeb	Israel	Ninet Tayeb ( also known as Ninette or Nina ) ( born October 21 1983 in Kiryat Gat Israel ) is an Israeli-pop rock singer and actress who became widely known as the first winner of Kochav Nolad ( the Israeli version of Pop Idol ) .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	South Africa	DStv	The SuperSport brand is still prevalent in South Africa as the name is used there by DStv which is a satellite television provider owned by MultiChoice South Africa the previous owners of Greece's SuperSport as well .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Exchequer	Gordon Brown	It received a visit from British Chancellor of the Exchequer Gordon Brown in January 2005 .
per:title(e1,e2)	Augustus	producer	Augustus Gussie Clarke ( born 1953 Kingston Jamaica ) is a reggae producer who worked with some of the top Jamaican reggae artists in the 1970s and later set up his own Music Works studio .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	England	Ethelred the Unready	Goda of England or Godgifu ; ( ; 1004 c. 1047 ) was the daughter of King Ethelred the Unready and his second wife Emma of Normandy and sister of King Edward the Confessor .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	Missouri	University of Missouri System	Carney in 2007 was successful in persuading the University of Missouri Board of Curators unanimously to change the name of the University of Missouri-Rolla ( in the same manner as other schools in the University of Missouri System ) to Missouri University of Science and Technology .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e2,e1)	Illinois	league	Originally comprising teams from Ohio Kentucky Indiana and Illinois the league eventually expanded its reach to include teams from Missouri Tennessee Wisconsin and California to become a national league with major league aspirations by 1939 .
per:alternate_names(e2,e1)	Princess	Ramphaiphanni	Queen Rambhai Barni of Siam ( ; ; ) formerly '' Her Serene Highness '' Princess Rambhai Barni Svastivatana ( ; RTGS : Ramphaiphanni Sawatdiwat ; born 20 December 1904 22 May 1984 ) was the wife and Queen Consort of King Prajadhipok of Siam . '' .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Ontario	Centennial Secondary School	Cherry was born in Kingston Ontario ( later moving to Belleville Ontario to attend Centennial Secondary School ( Belleville Ontario ) ) to Delmar ( Del ) and Maude Cherry .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Australia	John Curtin	Named after the former Prime Minister of Australia John Curtin it is also the largest University in Western Australia .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e2,e1)	British Columbia	Russ Hiebert	His eldest son Jim McMurtry ran as a Liberal in British Columbia in the 2006 federal election placing second to Conservative Russ Hiebert .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	He	Romania	He escaped in 1944 and after the installation of the Communist regime in Romania in 1948 became the country's de facto ruler as General Secretary of the Romanian Communist Party .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Robert Wood Johnson University Hospital	New Brunswick	Due to the concentration of medical facilities in the area including Robert Wood Johnson University Hospital and Saint Peter's University Hospital as well as the University of Medicine and Dentistry of New Jersey ( UMDNJ ) - Robert Wood Johnson Medical School New Brunswick is known as the Healthcare City The corporate headquarters and production facilities of several global pharmaceutical companies are situated in the city including Johnson Johnson and Bristol-Myers Squibb .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	school	Michigan	The school also became recognized as a Michigan Historical Site in 1998 .
org:alternate_names(e2,e1)	Infogrames	Atari Interactive	US subsidiary as a separate Nasdaq listed company known as Atari Inc. named its European operations as Atari Europe renamed Infogrames Interactive Inc. to Atari Interactive Inc. ( a wholly owned subsidiary of IESA ) Summary of ATARI INC - Yahoo !
per:title(e1,e2)	He	President	He was elected President on 8 October 2001 as a relative unknown and a surprise choice by a unanimous vote of the Ethiopian Parliament .
org:members(e1,e2)	Navy	James C. Dobbin	Henceforth Secretary of the Navy James C. Dobbin in late 1853 ordered Lieutenant Strain to form and lead the United States Navy 1854 Exploring Expedition s : Darien Exploring Expedition ( 1854 ) .
org:top_members/employees(e2,e1)	Leon Levine	Family Dollar	The building was named for Leon Levine the CEO of Family Dollar Stores .
org:top_members/employees(e2,e1)	David Kirk	Fairfax Media	David Kirk chief executive of Fairfax Media cited the anti- terror laws rising numbers of suppression orders and contempt of court proceedings against journalists bureaucratic foot-dragging and the high costs of making freedom of information requests .
org:members(e1,e2)	Movement for Democratic Change	Morgan Tsvangirai	South African President Thabo Mbeki chief regional negotiator on the Zimbabwe crisis met Saturday in Harare with President Robert Mugabe and leaders of a breakaway faction of the main opposition party.Mbeki had a brief discussion with Mugabe whose re-election last month has been rejected by the opposition Movement for Democratic Change of Morgan Tsvangirai an AFP reporter saw .
per:origin(e1,e2)	Daniel Desnoyers	Canadian	Daniel Desnoyers ( or Dan D-Noy ) is a Canadian DJ and owner of D-Noy Muzik .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	carlos	Colombia	carlos ( born 1973 ) is a Colombia musician .
org:city_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Columbus	Red Barber	Columbus is also the birthplace of baseball announcer Red Barber ; boxing's first three-time world heavyweight champion Henry Armstrong ; rock singer Andrew Wood ; the parents of Grammy-award winning bluegrass musician Alison Krauss ; American Idol contestant Jasmine Murray ; and bluegrass musician Ruby Jane Smith .
org:alternate_names(e2,e1)	Marine Helicopter Training Squadron 301	HMT-301	Restructuring of Marine Aviation led to the emergence of Marine Helicopter Training Squadron 301 ( HMT-301 ) on March 31 1972 .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	f he	n Belgrad	After giving birth Kova? started to work on organisation o f he r fist concert i n Belgrad e and also continued to work on the story of Ko video .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Zero 7	Sia Furler	Destiny is a song by the band Zero 7 and features vocal performances by Sia Furler and Sophie Barker .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Young Buck	G-Unit	He later assured that he was still signed with the label.Aliya Ewing ( April 7 2008 ) 50 Cent Kicks Young Buck Out Of G-Unit More !
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	European Central Bank	Germany	Ireland joined the initial launch of the Euro on 1 January 1999 in accordance with the 1992 Maastricht Treaty and gave control of its monetary policy to the European Central Bank in Frankfurt Germany in accordance with the 1998 Treaty of Amsterdam .
per:title(e2,e1)	President	Mikhail Gorbachev	References to the events and people of the 1980s are strewn heavily throughout ; U.S. President Ronald Reagan Libyan leader Muammar al-Gaddafi and President of the Soviet Union Mikhail Gorbachev are central to many of the jokes .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	University of Central Florida	Orlando	We will remain in recession for the entire next year while the U.S. will start to emerge in the latter half says University of Central Florida economist Sean Snaith in Orlando .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Uganda	Milton Obote	DP represented the grievances of Catholics who had been discriminated against since the battle of Mengo of 1892 please refer to UPC on the other hand represented the grievances of the non - Baganda who had been dominated by baganda since 1600 different The Uganda National Congress later to become the Uganda People's Congress ( UPC ) was led by Milton Obote .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Rafael Correa	Ecuador	President Rafael Correa says Ecuador will default on ' illegitimate debt ' described in audit .
per:spouse(e1,e2)	Theodore Roosevelt	Alice Hathaway Lee	Paulina was born on Valentine's Day the same day that her grandmother ( Theodore Roosevelt 's first wife ) Alice Hathaway Lee Roosevelt and her great-grandmother Martha Bulloch Roosevelt both died unexpectedly 41 years earlier on February 14 1884 .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	he	Institute of Field Archaeologists	During the 1970s and 80s he worked to help establish Rescue and the Institute of Field Archaeologists and undertook excavation work at Wroxeter and Hen Domen .
org:top_members/employees(e1,e2)	Tucows	Elliot Noss	On February 7 2008 Tucows President Elliot Noss disclosed in the Q4 2007 conference call that domain registration continues to provide Tucows with a strong base of revenue .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	Cassandra Vasik	Blenheim	Cassandra Vasik is a Canadian country singer/songwriter from Blenheim Ontario .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Admiral Makarov National University of Shipbuilding	Ukraine	The main universities are : Admiral Makarov National University of Shipbuilding ( leading shipbuilding university in Ukraine ) Petro Mohyla Black Sea State University Mykolaiv Pedagogical Institute and Mykolaiv State Agrarian University .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	his	Carlton	Stephen Scott Kernahan ( born 1 September 1963 in Adelaide South Australia ) is a former Australian rules footballer best known for his career with the Carlton Football Club of the Australian Football League and the Glenelg Football Club of the SANFL from 1981 until 1997 .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	He	Black Flag	He left the band before the release of My War and afterward served as Black Flag 's manager .
no_relation	Louis Vuitton	Marc Jacobs	www.high-replica.com About Us Catalog Contact Affiliate Program Resources Link to us Replica Handbag Articles www.high-replica.com Replica Handbags Louis Vuitton Replicas Louis Vuitton Monogram Louis Vuitton Murakami Louis Vuitton Models Gucci Handbags Designer Replica Handbags Louis Vuitton Wallets Marc Jacobs Handbags Fendi Handbags Christian Dior Handbags Prada Handbags Salvatore Ferragamo Handbags Balenciaga Handbags Marc Jacobs with Perry Ellis Louis Vuitton In France Gucci Replica Handbags Fendi Replica Handbags The Rise Of Christian Dior History for Designer Handbags Louis Vuitton Valentines Handbags .
no_relation	Institute of Technology	Manila	The basketball tournaments of National Collegiate Athletic Association ( Philippines ) 84th season hosted by the Institute of Technology began on June 28 at the Araneta Coliseum with Metropolitan Manila Development Authority chairman Bayani Fernando as the keynote speaker ( however Fernando was later tasked to lead the cleanup efforts caused by Typhoon Frank he sent his daughter instead ) .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	Broadcasting	Doordarshan	It is an autonomous corporation of the Ministry of Information and Broadcasting ( India ) Government of India and comprises the Doordarshan television network and All India Radio .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Ruby Blue	Red Flame Records	After the split Ruby Blue released two further singles : Glances Askances was the first album released on Red Flame Records in October 1987 on LP and re-released in January 1991 on CD .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Glykeria	Greece	The following year Glykeria released her first official live concert Omorfi Nyhta and due to its massive success Lyra released her first live album I Glykeria Stin Omorfi Nyhta which went on to break every musical sales record in Greece up to that point .
org:members(e2,e1)	lieutenant	Transit Police Department	An NYPD lieutenant Thomas O'Rourke was also designated the first commanding officer of the Transit Police Department .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Grateful Dead	Rhino	Released in 2007 it was the first Grateful Dead album produced under contract with Rhino Records .
org:founded_by(e1,e2)	Barrick	Peter Munk	Barrick founder and chairman Peter Munk 81 said Aaron Regent has been appointed to the new roles effective Jan. 16 .
no_relation	Japan	afternoon	The ruling Democratic Party of Japan ( DPJ ) started election of its leader Tuesday afternoon the winner of which will become Japan's third prime minister in a year .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Vladimir Putin	United Russia	President Vladimir Putin called on Russians to vote in parliamentary elections for the ruling United Russia party Thursday in a national television address .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Chubut Province	Aluar	Following state-financed works on a hydroelectric dam in Chubut Province Aluar opened its first smelter in Puerto Madryn in 1974 .
org:founded(e2,e1)	2003	Nicktoons	The show officially began on Nickelodeon August 1 2003 and new episodes ended on that channel in 2005 though reruns did air for North America from 2008 to 2009 when Nicktoons Network ( now called Nicktoons ) picked the show up for Season 3 .
org:members(e1,e2)	Navy	Smith Thompson	In the spring of 1819 Secretary of the Navy Smith Thompson selected Commodore Oliver Hazard Perry for the mission of establishing friendly relations with the government of newly independent Venezuela and negotiating to obtain restitution for United States vessels that the Venezuelans had illegally taken during the revolution .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Senegal	Macky Sall	On 3 April 2012 he was appointed Prime Minister of Senegal by the newly elected President Macky Sall .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	CAMH	University of Toronto	CAMH is fully affiliated with the University of Toronto in the province of Ontario Canada and is a Pan American Health Organization and Word Health Organization Collaborating Centre .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Baldwin-Wallace College	Berea	He attended Baldwin-Wallace College in Berea Ohio where he received his Bachelor's Degree in Education in 1990 .
org:alternate_names(e1,e2)	2nd Marine Aircraft Wing	MAW	The 2nd Marine Aircraft Wing ( 2nd MAW ) is the major east coast aviation unit of the United States Marine Corps and is based at Marine Corps Air Station Cherry Point North Carolina .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Shakespears Sister	London	Stay is a song by UK based pop act Shakespears Sister released by London Records in January 1992 as the second single from their album Hormonally Yours .
org:founded_by(e1,e2)	SpaceX	Elon Musk	SpaceX was founded in June 2002 by PayPal and Tesla Motors co-founder Elon Musk who had invested US$ 100 million of his own money by March 2006 .
org:founded(e2,e1)	2000	MG Rover Group	In 2000 BMW sold the Rover and related MG car activities of the Rover Group to the Phoenix Consortium who established the MG Rover Group at Longbridge .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	New Mexico	University of New Mexico	The 2009 New Mexico Lobos football team represented the University of New Mexico in the 2009 NCAA Division I FBS college football season .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	University of New Hampshire	New Hampshire	He graduated from the University of New Hampshire in Durham New Hampshire in 1999 .
no_relation	commander	Special Action Force	It was further revealed that Rodolfo Magtibay ground commander during the crisis had an elite team of Special Action Force of the Philippine National Police at his disposal but chose to utilize the SWAT team instead because his team had successfully rehearsed the storming in the afternoon .
org:members(e2,e1)	Woking F.C.	Football League Trophy	He had a successful debut assisting a goal in forest's 3 2 win against Woking F.C. in the Football League Trophy November 2005 .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	IDF	Israel	A military court last month convicted to IDF soldiers of using human shields during the Operation Cast Lead Israel 's offensive in Gaza in early 2009 .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	GAIL	India	Ratnagiri Gas and Power Private limited ( RGPPL ) was incorporated under the Companies Act 1956 on 8 July 2005 and is promoted by NTPC Limited and GAIL ( India ) Limited .
org:founded(e1,e2)	IISCO	1918	IISCO Steel Plant was established at Burnpur in 1918 .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Willem de Kooning	Rotterdam	Torn started his cabaret performance in 1991 when he was studying at the Willem de Kooning Academy in Rotterdam .
per:cities_of_residence(e2,e1)	New York City	Harold Prince	Later in 1998 he succeeded in the The Phantom of the Opera - casting in Hamburg which has being held on Broadway ( New York City ) by producer Harold Prince and Andrew Lloyd Webber .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Caesar Rodney High School	Camden	In 1995 Profit graduated from Caesar Rodney High School in Camden Delaware as an honor student who scored over on his first attempt at the SAT exam .
per:title(e2,e1)	Treasury	Alexander Hamilton	On Rubin retirement Clinton hailed him as the greatest secretary of the Treasury since Alexander Hamilton .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Hayes	Ohio	University Hayes and Orton Halls are three historic buildings on the Oval at the Ohio State University in Columbus Ohio .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Singapore	Lee Kuan Yew	Singapore 's Minister Mentor Lee Kuan Yew said on Sunday that Singapore is part of a globalized world and has to take advantage of that world stage .
no_relation	Nina Simone	Colpix	It was her first album for the record label Philips and was made up of three live recordings in Carnegie Hall New York City in March and April 1964 ( previously she had recorded Nina Simone at Carnegie Hall in 1963 for Colpix Records ) .
org:founded_by(e2,e1)	Norris McWhirter	the Freedom Association	Merchant banker John Gouriet convinced of an imminent Soviet takeover of Britain through the trade union movement works with TV personalities Ross and Norris McWhirter to establish the Freedom Association dedicated to fighting the left .
org:founded_by(e1,e2)	POWER	Jacqui Simmons	This work continues with POWER an organization Osayande co-founded with Jacqui Simmons .
org:founded_by(e2,e1)	Anne Carroll	Seton High School	In 1975 Anne Carroll the wife of Christendom College founder Warren Carroll started a Catholic school in Manassas Virginia called Seton High School .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Nawaz Sharif	Pakistan	Former Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif says he has not yet persuaded opposition leader Benazir Bhutto to boycott Pakistan 's elections .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	SOF	New York City	SOF has been recognized by Clara Hemphill as a top public school in New York City partially due to the consistent accomplishment of nearly 100 % of the school's graduating class being accepted to a college or university .
org:members(e2,e1)	Brady Corporation	Wisconsin	Astronautics Corporation of America and Brady Corporation both of which have headquarters in Milwaukee and Wisconsin Plating Works Inc. Racine each received special awards .
org:founded_by(e2,e1)	Phyllis Schlafly	Eagle Forum	Long also carried the support of Phyllis Schlafly 's Eagle Forum political action committee .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Big Black	Steve Albini	On Bulldozer Big Black 's founder and frontman Steve Albini achieved a signature clanky sound with his guitar by using metal guitar picks notched with sheet metal clips creating the effect of two guitar picks at once .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	FC Punjab Police	Punjab	Like the other two institutional teams from the state Border Security Force SC and FC Punjab Police JCT have played a pivotal role in raising the standard of football in Punjab .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	United Kingdom	Five	Lorraine Pearson ( born Lorraine Samantha Jean Pearson 10 August 1967 in Wembley London United Kingdom ) is a British singer and a member of the pop group Five Star .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Chester High School	United States	Chester High School is an urban public high school located in Chester Delaware County Pennsylvania United States with a ZIP code of 19013-4288 .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Jahangirnagar University	Savar	In 1995 he obtained Ph.D. from the Jahangirnagar University Savar .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	Ma	Guangzhou	Ma left for treatment in Guangzhou immediately after his comments and did not return to Hong Kong .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Japan	Mitsumasa Yonai	When the General Abe demonstrated ineptness and how Japan encounter your way in new situation created by European war the Admiral Mitsumasa Yonai assumed the power .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Oregon	Merkley	BlueOregon a progressive Oregon blog commented on the suitability of Sen. Merkley to be lead sponsor of ENDA noting that as Speaker of the Oregon House of Representatives Merkley had successfully guided Oregon's state version of ENDA the Oregon Equality Act to become law .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	Saffron Walden County High School	Technology College	Saffron Walden County High School is a coeducational academy school and an ex-specialist Technology College for ages 11 18 in Saffron Walden Essex England .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Workers ' Party	Kim Jong-Il	Kim led the Workers ' Party international department before becoming a counsellor at the National Defence Commission headed by Kim Jong-Il .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Kuroda Seiki	Japan	Below is the contact information for the Tobunken : The Tobunken was originally founded in 1930 as the Art Research Institute with an endowment established by Kuroda Seiki former president of the Imperial Academy of Fine Arts ( Japan Art Academy ) .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Florida	Florida Department of Education	After a delay in the release of this year's Florida Comprehensive Assessment Test scores the first batch is tentatively scheduled to be released this week according to the Florida Department of Education .
org:city_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Kent	Wildernesse School	The Knole Academy is a secondary school in Sevenoaks Kent England that was opened in September 2010 as a result of the amalgamation of the Wildernesse School ( for boys ) and the Bradbourne school ( for girls ) .
per:origin(e2,e1)	Pakistan	Abdullah Mehsud	Asadullah Wafa the governor of Helmand warned Tuesday that 700 foreign fighters had infiltrated his province in recent weeks from Waziristan in Pakistan under the leadership of the Pakistani Taliban commander Abdullah Mehsud the independent television channel Tolo TV reported .
no_relation	Director General	Pakistan Post	Director General Pakistan Post Islamabad ------------------------------ .
org:members(e2,e1)	Avianca	Star Alliance	Because of Avianca 's entry into Star Alliance it stopped its codeshare agreement with Delta Air Lines in March 2011 and began a new codeshare agreement with United Airlines .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Canada	BBC Canada	In Canada the programme has appeared on the BBC Canada the CBC and The Comedy Network .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	University of Fribourg	Fribourg	The University of Fribourg ( ; ) is a university in the city of Fribourg Switzerland .
per:origin(e1,e2)	Jim Lovell	American	This is the place where astronauts Neil Armstrong Jim Lovell and Eugene Cernan became American heroes .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Hinsdale Central High School	Illinois	However after just one season Lombardi left Homewood-Flossmoor without explanation taking over at Hinsdale Central High School in Hinsdale Illinois a western suburb of Chicago .
per:alternate_names(e1,e2)	He	Earl Johnson	He released a 78 Have you Gone Crazy b/w Begging At Your Mercy on Savoy label as Earl Johnson .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Benjamin Harrison	Indiana	The Benjamin Harrison Home in the Old Northside Historic District of Indianapolis Indiana was the home of the Twenty-third President of the United States Benjamin Harrison .
no_relation	Christian	Christian	Founded by Rev. Albert Benjamin Simpson in 1887 the Christian Missionary Alliance did not start off as a denomination but rather began as two distinct parachurch organizations : The Christian Alliance which focused on the pursuit and promotion of the Higher Christian life and The Evangelical Missionary Alliance which focused on mobilizing consecrated Christians in the work of foreign missionary efforts .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	United States	Ultimate Fighting Championship	During the 1970s Rorion Gracie of the famous Gracie family would eventually immigrate to the United States and introduce Vale Tudo to a new market when he helped found the Ultimate Fighting Championship ( UFC ) in 1993 .
org:top_members/employees(e1,e2)	European Central Bank	Jean-Claude Trichet	Wen held talks with Euro Group President and Luxembourg Prime Minister Jean - Claude Juncker European Central Bank President Jean-Claude Trichet and EU Economic and Monetary Affairs Commissioner Joaquin Almunia .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Darude	Finland	Darude 's second single Feel the Beat followed the success of Sandstorm reaching # 1 in Finland for 2 weeks and # 5 on the UK Singles Chart .
org:founded_by(e1,e2)	Shad Valley	International	The Shad Valley program is run by Shad Valley International ( formerly known as the Shad Valley Centre for Creative Technology ) a non-profit organization based in Waterloo Ontario .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Luxembourg	Jean-Claude Juncker	A member of the Luxembourg Socialist Workers ' Party Lux was in the government from 2004 until 2009 under Jean-Claude Juncker .
per:title(e2,e1)	Prime Minister	Abdelaziz Belkhadem	Algerian Prime Minister Abdelaziz Belkhadem on Tuesday held talks with the visiting Italian Foreign Minister Massimo D'Alema according to an official statement issued here by the government's press services .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Pakistan	Nawaz Sharif	Pakistan 's Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif held hotly contested meetings with the ISI chief his other ministers and the Mujahideen in Peshawar and the Hezbi Islami faction headed by Hekmatyar who was deeply loyal to the Pakistani military dictatorship .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Tommy G. Thompson	Health and Human Services	On the Sunday night after Sept. 11 2001 Tommy G. Thompson secretary of Health and Human Services convened an urgent meeting of health officials and leading scientists .
org:founded_by(e2,e1)	John Gokongwei	Robinsons	It was incorporated on September 9 1997 by Chinese Filipino entrepreneur John Gokongwei Jr. to develop conduct operate and maintain the Robinsons commercial shopping centers and all businesses related thereto such as the lease of commercial spaces within the compound of its properties .
per:country_of_birth(e1,e2)	He	Canada	He was born in Langley BC Canada .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	The Walt Disney Company	ESPN	After The Walt Disney Company bought Capital Cities/ABC in 1996 Disney started to slowly integrate ESPN and ABC Sports .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Michael	Epic	Michael 's debut album Faith was released by Epic Records in the United Kingdom in October 1987 .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	United States	Miller	No longer is the United States seen as tough powerful and credible said Miller .
per:title(e2,e1)	Prime Minister	Abdullah Ahmad Badawi	Recipients pose for a group photograph with ( foreground L-R ) the Aga Khan wife of Malaysian Prime Minister Jeanne Abdullah and Malaysian Prime Minister Abdullah Ahmad Badawi at the conclusion of the awards ceremony for the Aga Khan Award for Architecture in Kuala Lumpur 04 September 2007 .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	University of Seville	Spain	The University of Seville is one of the most important cultural centres in Spain dating to the 15th century when the Catholic Monarchs recovered the area from the Moors .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Ann Arbor News	USA	The Ann Arbor News - MLive.com - Ann Arbor MI USA .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Albania	d Bamir Top	The opening was attended by high-ranking officials from Macedonia Israel and other countries notably the Macedonian prime minister Nikola Gruevski the Macedonian president Gjorge Ivanov Israeli vice-prime minister Moshe Ya'alon the presidents of Montenegro and Albania Filip Vujanovi? an d Bamir Top i respectively as well as a member of the Knesset religious leaders and diplomats .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Eggerz	Iceland	Eggerz ( 1 March 1875 16 November 1945 ) was Minister for Iceland from 21 July 1914 to 4 May 1915 and from 7 March 1922 to 22 March 1924 .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e2,e1)	Mississippi	Lance Bass	Timberlake soon called his vocal coach who suggested a 16-year-old from Mississippi named Lance Bass .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Humana	Louisville	Venues that have commonly hosted regional national or world premieres of Dresser's work include the Humana Festival in Louisville Kentucky ; Jones Chris .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Eminem	Michigan	The film is an account of a young white rapper named Jimmy B-Rabbit Smith Jr. ( Eminem ) living in inner city Detroit Michigan set in 1995 and his attempt to launch a rap career in a genre dominated by African Americans .
per:cities_of_residence(e2,e1)	Perth	The Sleepy Jackson	At the age of 23 Malcolm was offered to become a member of up and coming Perth band The Sleepy Jackson .
org:alternate_names(e2,e1)	University of California	UCSF	Laurence S. Baskin is a professor of pediatrics and chief of pediatric urology at University of California San Francisco ( UCSF ) .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Israel	Natalie Portman	Israel has given the world Natalie Portman of Star Wars fame an annual gay parade in the streets of Jerusalem and microscopic cameras that can be swallowed in a pill .
no_relation	Grateful Dead	1995	Already known as the godfathers of psychedelic acid rock when Woodstock took place Grateful Dead continued to enjoy a large following until the death of its musical leader Jerry Garcia in 1995 .
org:founded(e1,e2)	its	1938	Since its establishment from 1938 the school graduated many leading figures in the political history of the Philippines and was one of the leading law schools in the Philippines .
org:founded_by(e1,e2)	SM Prime Holdings	Henry Sy Sr .	Teresita T. Sy Coson is the eldest child of Forbes Philippines richest and founder and Chairman of SM Prime Holdings Henry Sy Sr . .
org:members(e2,e1)	184th Infantry Regiment	California	On 5 July elements of the 184th Infantry Regiment along with other members of the California National Guard were mobilized to restore order in San Francisco's waterfront when hostilities during the strike escalated .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	Danny Mixon	Harlem	In 2004 Danny Mixon was presented with an award honoring him as a legendary pianist by The Jazz Museum in Harlem from their series Harlem Speaks honoring Harlem Heroes.In September 2007 Danny was Honoree at the 18th Annual Legends Purple Carpet Awards honoring contributors of the promotional arts and entertainment industry at Brooklyn Toro .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Nigel Lawson	Exchequer	Nigel Lawson former Chancellor of the Exchequer ( now Lord Lawson of Blaby ) .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Pamida	Nebraska	In 2007 Pamida was separated from ShopKo and subsequently reestablished its corporate headquarters in Omaha Nebraska .
no_relation	Little Richard	Specialty	Chuck Berry - Roll Over Beethoven - Chess 1626 v * Little Richard - Long Tall Sally - Specialty 572 .
per:origin(e2,e1)	Venezuela	Hugo	Venezuela 's strongman Hugo recently warned that the winds of war were blowing in South America and called on his military to prepare for combat against neighboring Colombia a U.S. ally .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Italy	Benito Mussolini	Greece Italy and Turkey drew a line under their fractious history Tuesday at a commemoration of Greece's refusal to surrender to Italian dictator Benito Mussolini 's threat of invasion in 1940 .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	SEUA	Armenia	Many of the projects underway at the SEUA laboratories are carried out in close collaboration with industries in Armenia and abroad .
per:title(e2,e1)	guitarist	John Reis	Prior to forming Drive Like Jehu vocalist Rick Froberg and guitarist John Reis had played together in Pitchfork from 1986 to 1990 .
per:title(e1,e2)	Thors	Prime Minister	Bjarni Benediktsson replaced Thors as Prime Minister .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Adams	England	Adams did have some championship success in England winning the British Commonwealth tag team title with Marty Jones and the British Light Heavyweight Championship from Mark Rollerball Rocco .
per:spouse(e2,e1)	Rex Harrison	Lilli Palmer	Harrison was born in London to actors Rex Harrison and Lilli Palmer and raised in Los Angeles and New York where he attended the .
per:title(e1,e2)	Rob Portman	Director	First there's the news that former Iowa Congressman and unsuccessful gubernatorial candidate Jim Nussle is replacing Rob Portman as White House Budget Director .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Fujimori	Peru	Lima mayor Fujimori daughter ahead in Peru presidential survey .
no_relation	France	Amanda	The single was released only in France but was unsuccessful there and did n't chart in spite of Amanda performing it heavily on French television shows .
org:founded(e2,e1)	1964	Yle TV2	The popularity of television in the country grew rapidly and in 1964 Yle obtained TES-TV and Tamvisio which were merged to Yle TV2 .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	Qantas	Oneworld	Included in the changes were the cessation of services to London via Hong Kong and Bangkok ; Qantas will still operate to these cities but with onward flights to London via its Oneworld partner British Airways under a code-share service .
per:country_of_birth(e2,e1)	Egypt	Hosni Mubarak	During the continued 2012 protests of the Egyptian Revolution of 2011 Abbassia has been the scene of confrontation between protesters and armed gangs whom numerous opposition sources have alleged to be operating on the orders of the Supreme Council of the Armed Forces under Field Marshal Mohamed Hussein Tantawi the body of officers from the Egyptian military that have been ruling Egypt since the resignation of former President Hosni Mubarak on 11 February 2011 .
org:alternate_names(e2,e1)	United States	National Security Agency	Mark Klein is a former technician who leaked knowledge of his company's cooperation with the United States National Security Agency in installing network hardware to monitor and process American telecommunications .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	East Tennessee State University	United States	He is currently on the faculty of East Tennessee State University and has performed throughout Europe Asia and the United States .
org:members(e2,e1)	Green Howards	Army	Darwin was commissioned as a Second Lieutenant in the 4th Battalion of the Green Howards ( Alexandra Princess of Wales's Own Yorkshire Regiment ) a Territorial Army infantry unit in September 1914 shortly after the outbreak of the war in August .
per:alternate_names(e2,e1)	Dennis Lee Hopper	his	Dennis Lee Hopper was born in 1936 in Dodge City Kansas and spent much of his youth on the nearby farm of his grandparents .
per:country_of_birth(e1,e2)	Ashley Bickerton	Barbados	Ashley Bickerton ( born Barbados 1959 ) is a contemporary artist living in Bali .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	Citgo	PDVSA	One firm well-suited for using Venezuelan crude is U.S.-based Citgo a unit of PDVSA .
no_relation	DAR	Nova Scotia	The DAR system also connected with the Midland Railway at Windsor the Nova Scotia Central Railway ( NSCR ) and the Middleton and Victoria Beach Railway ( ) at Middleton and the Halifax and Southwestern Railway ( ) at Yarmouth .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	Western Wireless	Deutsche Telekom	Western Wireless spun off its VoiceStream Wireless subsidiary in 1999 which was later purchased by Deutsche Telekom AG in 2001 .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Paul Tsongas	Massachusetts	Paul Tsongas of Massachusetts won the primary in neighboring New Hampshire but Clinton's second place finish - strengthened by Clinton's speech labeling himself The Comeback Kid - re-energized his campaign .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	Armstrong	Glasgow	Armstrong began composing in his home in Glasgow Scotland with three sequences ; the Hulk and Betty in the cave ; the Abomination and the Hulk's alley fight ; and Bruce and Betty's reunion .
per:title(e2,e1)	President	Nicolas Sarkozy	President Nicolas Sarkozy 's relationship with Bruni has captured world headlines in recent weeks .
per:country_of_birth(e1,e2)	his	Venezuela	In 1937 after resigning the Communist Party and returning to his native Venezuela Betancourt founded Partido Nacional which became an official political party in 1941 as ( AD ) .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	He	Israel	He is also a board member of the Jewish Agency for Israel .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Whitman College	Washington	Crocker attended University College Dublin and Whitman College in Walla Walla Washington where he received a B.A. in English literature in 1971 and was a member of the Tau Kappa Epsilon fraternity .
no_relation	It	Asiana Airlines	It is a subsidiary of Asiana Airlines .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Garfield High School	East Los Angeles	Herrera graduated in 1956 from Garfield High School in East Los Angeles .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	MediaNews Group	The Denver Post	In the near future we should no longer be held hostage to search engines and headline aggregators said William Dean Singleton chairman of the AP and chief executive officer of MediaNews Group owner of The Denver Post .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	EMI	their	It was around that time which they signed a deal with EMI Brasil recording their first album Cinema Mudo ( later defined by Herbert as manipulated by the record company people ) and achieving moderate success .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Russia	Eurasian Economic Community	A number of other regional organizations also provide the basis for further integration : the Union State of Russia and Belarus the Eurasian Economic Community of Russia Belarus and Kazakhstan the Collective Security Treaty Organisation consisting of Armenia Belarus Kazakhstan Kyrgyzstan Russia and Tajikistan and the Commonwealth of Independent States comprising most of the post-Soviet countries .
per:title(e2,e1)	Vice President	Hu Jintao	At the same time Germany welcomed Chinese Primer Zhu Rongji Foreign Minister Tang Jiaxuan State Councilor Wu Yi Member of the Political Bureau of the Chinese Communist Party Central Committee Wei Jianxing as well as Vice President Hu Jintao .
per:title(e2,e1)	General Manager	Theo Epstein	If someone wants to compare us to the Yankees based on winning and results that's an incredible standard Red Sox General Manager Theo Epstein said .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	James Buchanan	United States	On February 3 1859 McCandless was nominated by President James Buchanan to a seat on the United States District Court for the Western District of Pennsylvania vacated by Thomas Irwin .
no_relation	Beorhtric of Wessex	Beorhtric	Offa's daughter Eadburh married Beorhtric of Wessex in 789 and Beorhtric became an ally thereafter .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	Perak	Federated Malay States	Born in 1913 the state of Perak which was then part of the Federated Malay States Aziz Ishak is the descendant of prominent Sumatran Malay Datuk Jannatun who migrated to Penang in 1759 or 15 years before Francis Light arrived on the island .
per:alternate_names(e1,e2)	Jerry Shirley	Humble Pie	During the latter part of the 1990s Jerry Shirley developed a string of legal problems and moved back to his native England taking the Humble Pie name with him .
no_relation	It	1896	It origins from Jiao Tong University also spelled as Chiao Tung University located in Shanghai founded in 1896 as Nanyang Public School .
org:founded_by(e2,e1)	Lisa Clark	Pett Productions	In 2001 Vic Reeves Bob Mortimer and Lisa Clark formed their own production company Pett Productions which has produced several television programs that have featured one or both comedians .
no_relation	SportSouth	FSN South	Jeff Genthner vice president and general manager of SportSouth and FSN South said his networks would have been happy to carry the Peachtree TV telecasts outside the Atlanta market .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	Norwegian Maritime Directorate	Norwegian Ministry of Trade and Industry	Note : The railway company Airport Express Train the Norwegian Maritime Directorate and the Norwegian Ship Registers are subsidiaries of the Norwegian Ministry of Trade and Industry while Kystverket is a subsidiary of the Norwegian Ministry of Fisheries and Coastal Affairs .
per:cities_of_residence(e2,e1)	Perth	The Triffids	The band's brittle off-kilter sound evoked the sense of distance desolation harshness and loneliness of the Nullarbor Plain ( but also its fragile nature ) much in the same fashion as fellow Perth outfit The Triffids .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Vietnam	Ho Chi Minh	Triet who participated in revolutionary activities in the South of Vietnam between 1960 and 1970 held the post of secretary of the Ho Chi Minh Communist Youth Union in the 1975-1987 period deputy secretary and then secretary of the Party Committee of southern Song Be province from 1988 to 1996 .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Suharto	Indonesia	In 1968 the MPRS removed the word ' acting ' and over two years after the events of September 1965 Suharto became the president of Indonesia .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Stivers School for the Arts	Ohio	Stivers School for the Arts is a magnet school in the Dayton City Schools in Dayton Ohio USA located in the St. Anne's Hill Historic District neighborhood .
per:title(e2,e1)	Vice President	Xi Jinping	The session was co-hosted by visiting Chinese Vice President Xi Jinping and South Africa's Deputy President Kgalema Motlanthe .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Andrews University	Michigan	The anonymous donors requested the money be spent on the following : Construction of the new entrance on Old US 31 ( officially opened on June 2 2008 and named J. N. Andrews Blvd. ) Two endowed chairs : one for the Marketing Department in the School of Business Administration and the second in the Seventh-day Adventist Theological Seminary's Christian Ministry Department Construction of a milking parlor for the Andrews Dairy Refurbish the kitchen and dining facilities in the Campus Center and Support for the educational program of the Aeronautics Department.Gift : : Andrews University Andrews University is located next to the Village of Berrien Springs in southwest Michigan .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	he	Southern Rhodesia	After the war he finished his college degree married began ranching and won election to parliament in Southern Rhodesia ( later just Rhodesia ) .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Sweden	Fredrik Reinfeldt	The school has many notable alumni such as Sweden 's Prime Minister Fredrik Reinfeldt .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	foundation	Seattle	Bill Gates who co-chairs the foundation with his wife and father grew up in Seattle and now lives across Lake Washington in the city's tony eastern suburbs .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Bayh	Indiana	When Bayh announced his retirement in February state party leaders rallied around Ellsworth for his potential to win support across the state from the small-town social conservatives of southern Indiana to the more traditional union Democrats of Hammond and Gary .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Guru Gobind Singh Indraprastha University	Delhi	( H ) from Guru Gobind Singh Indraprastha University Delhi .
org:top_members/employees(e1,e2)	PETA	Ingrid Newkirk	Please take a moment to read the indictment posted on our Web site . . and read how these dogs were electrocuted shot slammed to the ground and hanged from trees when they did n't perform well in test fights PETA President Ingrid Newkirk said in a letter to Whoopi urging her not to excuse dogfighters as having some cultural blind spot .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Fiorello H. LaGuardia High School of Music Art and Performing Arts	New York	Stewart taught music in Pennsylvania public schools and at the Fiorello H. LaGuardia High School of Music Art and Performing Arts in New York City .
no_relation	He	Australia	He was one of the founding fathers of rugby league in Australia representing the Kangaroos in the first 2 Tests in 1908 1909 .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	David Vitter	Louisiana	The subcommittee is chaired by Frank Lautenberg of New Jersey and the Ranking Member is David Vitter of Louisiana .
no_relation	IBM	New York	International Business Machines Corporation or IBM is an American multinational technology and consulting corporation with headquarters in Armonk New York United States .
org:founded_by(e1,e2)	Lehman Brothers	Henry Lehman	Several major banks were started following the mid-19th century by Jews including Goldman Sachs ( founded by Samuel Sachs and Marcus Goldman ) Kuhn Loeb ( Solomon Loeb and Jacob H. Schiff ) Lehman Brothers ( Henry Lehman ) Salomon Brothers and Bache Co. ( founded by Jules Bache ) .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Cher	US	Cher 's version was only a moderate hit in the US at No. 32 interest in any single recorded version of Alfie also being dissipated by the plethora of easy listening-oriented covers which were in release by the summer of 1966 .
org:founded_by(e1,e2)	Astra International	Tjia Kian Tie	Astra International is an Indonesian conglomerate company founded in 1957 basing on a small trading business operated by brothers Tjia Kian Tie and William Soeryadjaya .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Ma Ying-jeou	Kuomintang	The first day Taipei City Mayor Hau Lung - bin and his predecessor Ma Ying-jeou currently the opposition Kuomintang presidential candidate were trapped in mid-air in an enclosed cabin for more than nine minutes after the cable car shutdown due to a signal indicating too little distance between cars .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Gary Numan	Numa	In 1984 she signed a recording contract with Gary Numan 's label Numa Records and released a catchy dance single called Pump Me Up .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Opel	Germany	Last month GM Europe sought euro1 billion ( $ 1.3 billion ) in loan guarantees from the German government for Adam Opel GmbH which sells most of its cars in Germany and is the country's third most popular brand behind Volkswagen and Mercedes-Benz .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Mozambique	MOZAL	During his visit to Mozambique Thunell visited some of these projects and also the country's largest factory the MOZAL aluminium smelter on the outskirts of Maputo .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Smith	New Brunswick	Smith also served as Mayor of Newcastle New Brunswick .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	San Francisco Municipal Railway	San Francisco Municipal Transportation Agency	Muni Metro is a premetro system serving San Francisco California operated by the San Francisco Municipal Railway ( Muni ) a division of the San Francisco Municipal Transportation Agency ( SFMTA ) .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	Quebecor	inc	On December 1 2009 the CRTC approved a corporate reorganization that would transfer Canal Indigo from Groupe TVA to fellow Quebecor Media division and cable provider inc .
org:founded(e1,e2)	Office of Science and Technology Policy	May 11 1976	According to Wiki The Office of Science and Technology Policy ( OSTP ) is an office in the Executive Office of the President ( EOP ) established by Congress on May 11 1976 with a broad mandate to advise the President on the effects of science and technology on domestic and international affairs .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	his	Berkeley	In high school Franklin worked hard on his academics which paid off when he was awarded a scholarship to University of California Berkeley .
org:members(e2,e1)	Ohio University	NCAA	The 2011 Ohio Bobcats football team represented Ohio University in the 2011 NCAA Division I FBS football season .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Arizona	Yavapai College	Schilling graduated from Shadow Mountain High School in Phoenix Arizona in 1985 before attending Yavapai College in Prescott Arizona .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	John Ensign	Nevada	In June Senator John Ensign of Nevada the chairman of the National Republican Senatorial Committee considered the state to be one of the top ten most competitive Senate races .
no_relation	Beth	Barcelona	Beth earned 17 Paralympic medals ( 10 gold 2 silver and 5 bronze ) in three Paralympic Games between 1992 and 2000 ( Barcelona Atlanta and Sydney ) .
org:founded(e1,e2)	The Detroit News	1873	Both E. W. and his half-sister Ellen worked with his older half-brother James when he founded The Detroit News in 1873 .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Morarji Desai	India	Ravindra Varma ( d. 10 October 2006 ) was the Minister for Labour and Parliamentary Affairs in the Morarji Desai Ministry in India from 1977 to 1979 .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Joseph Lyons	Australia	As a result in 1931 he was one of the Labor members who joined Joseph Lyons in leaving the Labor Party and merging with the Nationalists to form the United Australia Party .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e2,e1)	Arkansas	David Pryor	Hutchinson faced Arkansas Attorney General Mark Pryor David Pryor 's son in his 2002 re-election campaign .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	Patrick Hillery	Dublin	1990 Dr. Patrick Hillery President of Ireland unveils the Irish National Seamen's Memorial at City Quay Dublin .
per:cities_of_residence(e2,e1)	Tokyo	Empress Michiko	Japan on Thursday celebrated 100 years of emigration to Brazil the foreign country with the world's largest population of ethnic Japanese.The occasion was marked with a ceremony in Tokyo which was attended by Emperor Akihito Empress Michiko and their son Crown Prince Naruhito as well as premier Yasuo Fukuda and a representative of Brazil's president .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	He	Kentucky	He also continued his military service in the Kentucky Army National Guard .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Robert Beaven	British Columbia	The third-place also-ran was Robert Beaven who was to become the sixth Premier of British Columbia ten years later .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Interior	Dirk Kempthorne	The Bush administration and its lackey Secretary of the Interior Dirk Kempthorne have pushed through bad science and appointed stooges .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	New York	NY1	New York Mayor Bloomberg is urging people to go about their business as usual while New York Governor David Paterson said the incident is a reminder that the city remains a target for terrorists says NY1 .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Argentina	Buenos Aires stock exchange	Argentina 's Buenos Aires stock exchange closed 6.27 percent down Monday as leading world markets tumbled due to fears of a US recession .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	Bundesliga	Bayer 04 Leverkusen	He scored his first Bundesliga goal on 6 December 2008 in a match against Bayer 04 Leverkusen becoming the third youngest player in Borussia history to score a goal ( 18 years 243 days behind Marco Villa and Rainer Bonhof ) .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Ukraine	Viktor Pinchuk	Money fund raised for painting went to the expansion of the joint project of ANTIAIDS with the Clinton Foundation in Ukraine In January 2011 Oleksander Yaroslavskiy along with Viktor Pinchuk was co-organizer of Ukrainian Lunch in Davos which was attended by President Viktor Yanukovych He is known for friendly relations with Oleg Deripaska and Roman Abramovich .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Hong Kong	Ma Lik	On 11 September 2007 Chan announced that she would run in the December 2007 by-election for the Hong Kong Island seat made vacant by the death of Ma Lik .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Salmon P. Chase	United States	Chase City was incorporated in 1873 and named for Salmon P. Chase United States Chief Justice and Lincoln's Secretary of the Treasury .
org:founded_by(e1,e2)	Bang Olufsen	Peter Bang	Svend Olufsen was a Danish electrical engineer who co-founded Bang Olufsen with Peter Bang .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Ellis	Jamaica	During the 1960s Ellis toured Jamaica with Byron Lee and The Dragonaires and had begun recording with some of the island's top producers such as Ken Lack ( I Shall Sing Hell And Sorrow and Brown Girl In The Ring ) Coxsone Dodd ( Twelve Minutes To Go ) Ill Come Softly ) and Duke Reid .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Light Dragoons	Pennsylvania	The 4th Continental Light Dragoons also known as Moylan's Horse was raised on January 5 1777 at Philadelphia Pennsylvania for service with the Continental Army under Colonel Stephen Moylan .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	Luke Doucet	Vancouver	After playing in bands throughout high school a nineteen-year-old Luke Doucet moved to Vancouver and joined Sarah McLachlan's band .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	The World	WRC Media	The World Almanac was sold to Ripplewood Holdings ' WRC Media in 1999 .
org:members(e1,e2)	Division I	Stony Brook Seawolves	WUSB also airs many Stony Brook University events ceremonies and lectures including numerous broadcasts of Stony Brook's NCAA Division I WUSB SPORTS BLOG teams the Stony Brook Seawolves as well as the university's winter and spring commencement ceremonies .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Uncle Tupelo	Jeff Tweedy	Uncle Tupelo singers Jay Farrar and Jeff Tweedy exchanged their interests in bluegrass music with Buck and decided to collaborate on an acoustic music project in the future.Kot 2004 p. 61 Two years later the alternative rock of bands such as Nirvana broke into the mainstream .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	Textron	Cessna	Textron owns Bell Helicopter and Cessna and also makes golf carts auto parts and surveillance systems .
org:founded_by(e1,e2)	Studio Ghibli	Isao Takahata	Studio Ghibli co-founder and director Isao Takahata ( Grave of the Fireflies Only Yesterday Pom Poko ) revealed during the 62nd Locarno International Film Festival on Friday that his next film will be based on the classic Japanese folktale Taketori Monogatari ( The Tale of the Bamboo Cutter ) .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	National Defence Commission	Kim Jong-il	By 1998 when he was also appointed to the position of First Vice Chairman of the National Defence Commission he was the second most powerful person in the country ranking immediately beneath Kim Jong-il himself .
org:members(e2,e1)	UMBC	NCAA	The UMBC Retrievers represent the University of Maryland Baltimore County in NCAA Division I athletics .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Allianz	Germany	Allianz held its general assembly on Wednesday in Munich southern Germany and is to release detailed results on May 12 .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Japan	Ysuke Matsuok	In March 1941 Japan 's Foreign Minister Ysuke Matsuok a a Germanophile visited Berlin .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	DEUXO	Schpilkas	In 2006 Luckett formed an Electronic Pop collaboration called DEUXO with fellow Los Angeles composer / musician / producer Schpilkas .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Dudamel	Venezuela	In his own comments Dudamel makes clear how important it is for him to recharge here in Venezuela .
per:title(e1,e2)	Ehud Barak	Prime Minister	The twenty-eighth government of Israel was formed by Ehud Barak of One Israel on 6 July 1999 after his victory in the May election for Prime Minister .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Japan	Baba	This arrangement continued after the JWA split into today's major promotions New Japan and All Japan led by Inoki and Baba respectively .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Germany	Werner	At the 450-years jubilee of the battle the Socialist Unity Party of Germany ( SED ) charged the rector of the Leipzig Academy of Visual Arts Professor Werner with the creation of a monumental panorama painting .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	France	Nicolas Sarkozy	France will build two high-tech helicopter carriers for the Russian navy President Nicolas Sarkozy said Friday on a visit to a western shipyard .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Defensor Sporting	Uruguay	During his career he has played for Botafogo-SP ( Brazil ) Maritimo and Farense ( Portugal ) Toluca ( Mexico ) St-Gallen ( Switzerland ) Shanghai Shenhua ( China ) and Defensor Sporting ( Uruguay ) .
org:members(e2,e1)	Bet Shemesh Blue Sox	Israel Baseball League	http://www.nytimes.com/2007/10/25/sports/baseball/25yankees.html He played outfield for the Bet Shemesh Blue Sox of the Israel Baseball League .
per:title(e1,e2)	he	Chancellor	Upon leaving the treasury headquarters where he has been in office for 10 years as Chancellor of the Exchequer Brown made no statement to the media .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	d Borisav Jovi	FR Yugoslav	It was later revealed that a military strike against Slovenia followed by a planned withdrawal was conceived by Slobodan an d Borisav Jovi ? then president of the S FR Yugoslav ia presidency .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Zain Bhikha	South Africa	Three well-known artists Zain Bhikha ( South Africa ) Dawud Wharnsby Ali ( Canada ) and Ahmad Bukhatir ( United Arab Emirates ) entertained the audience with old renditions and some new songs from their to-be released albums .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Grant Woods	Arizona	Grant Woods a former Arizona attorney general who opposed the bill agreed .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	him he	Switzerland	After creditors pursued him he moved his family to the Engadin valley ( altitude feet/1 meters ) in another part of Switzerland .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Seoul National University Hospital	South Korea	In April of 2013 at the Children's Hospital of Illinois at OSF Saint Francis Medical Center ( in a 9-hour procedure working with local pediatric surgeon Dr. Mark Holterman - the parents a Newfoundland Canada man and a South Korean woman living in her country ) could not afford to come to the Karolinska Institute in Sweden where Dr. Macchiarini is based ) he gave a 3-inch long bone marrow stem cell-cultured artificial trachea or windpipe to 2-year-old Hannah Warren who had until then spent all her life in the Seoul National University Hospital in Seoul South Korea and was initially not expected to survive ( she will be released from the ventilator soon if all goes well ) .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Bruce Springsteen	New Jersey	Bruce Springsteen Endorses Marriage Equality For New Jersey .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Manmohan Singh	India	To follow this Manmohan Singh praised British rule in India at the time of accepting honorary Doctorate degree from Oxford University London on July 8 2005 .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	Alpha Alpha	Illinois College	In the Chicago area Alpha Omega is represented by the Illinois Alumni Chapter and the Alpha Alpha student chapter at the University Of Illinois College of Dentistry .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Amy Ray	Georgia	Amy Ray and Emily Saliers first met and got to know each other as students at Laurel Ridge Elementary School in DeKalb County Georgia just outside of Decatur Georgia but were not friends because Saliers was a grade older than Ray .
org:city_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Dover	Dover High School	Peterson was born in Wooster Ohio his family moved to Dover Ohio where he graduated from Dover High School .
org:founded(e1,e2)	Virgin1	1 October 2007	The channel rebranded as Virgin1 on 1 October 2007 .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Daniel Akaka	Hawaii	Senator Daniel Akaka of Hawaii responded that Sakakida's story has ' been confirmed time and time again . ' .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Novartis	Basel	In 1930 he received a doctorate from the University of Zurich where he studied the chemistry of plants and animals and joined the pharmaceutical - chemical firm Sandoz ( now Novartis ) in Basel .
org:founded(e1,e2)	Sheriff	1979	The Sheriff and the Satellite Kid ( ) is a 1979 Italian children's comedy film starring Bud Spencer and child actor Cary Guffey that was released in cinemas in 1979 .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	He	KMFDM	He was part of PIG's touring line-up in the summer of 2006 thus reuniting with fellow KMFDM alum Raymond Watts .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	he	Norway	In November 1920 he took over as Governor of the Central Bank of Norway .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Rafael Correa	Ecuador	Nationalist Rafael Correa is sworn in as president of Ecuador .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Bashar al-Assad	Syria	SABAH ( Morning ) : -- Turkish President Abdullah Gul met with Syrian President Bashar al-Assad in Istanbul on Saturday and said Turkey attached great importance to efforts to find a solution to disputes between Syria Lebanon Palestine and Israel through dialogue .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Indonesia	Suharto	WHAT 'S AT STAKE : Predominantly Muslim Indonesia is experiencing newfound stability after the end of Suharto 's 32-year dictatorship but is struggling to overcome deep-rooted corruption and widespread poverty .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Kenya	Jomo Kenyatta	But his regime has fallen far short of meeting those pledges -- which helped him beat Moi's preferred successor Uhuru Kenyatta the current official opposition leader and son of Kenya 's founding president Jomo Kenyatta .
org:top_members/employees(e1,e2)	Sony	Ken Kutaragi	When the PlayStation 2 was announced on March 2 1999 Sony president and CEO Ken Kutaragi used a demo of Dark Cloud to show the capabilities of the platform although many elements of the demo were not used in the release version of the game .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Veterans Affairs	Jim Nicholson	Veterans Affairs Secretary Jim Nicholson recently signed off on the project after several years of negotiation and officials plan to sign the lease later this month .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Treasury	Donald Regan	In the coming weeks he shook up his staff somewhat moving White House Chief of Staff James Baker to Secretary of the Treasury and naming Treasury Secretary Donald Regan a former Merrill Lynch officer Chief of Staff .
org:founded(e1,e2)	Shore Line Railway	1852	The victorious colonists issued land grants to Captain Thomas Bull and four of his soldiers around McCook Point With the construction of the Shore Line Railway that connected New Haven to New London in 1852 by the New Haven and New York Railroad the village of Niantic began to grow as it opened up the shoreline to summer tourist .
no_relation	Paris	Joliot-Curie	In 1980 Georges Charpak became professor-in-residence at de physique et de chimie industrielles in Paris ( ESPCI ) and held the Joliot-Curie Chair there in 1984 .
per:origin(e2,e1)	Japanese	Akira Toriyama	is a Japanese manga by Akira Toriyama and Eiichiro Oda .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Mali	Toumani	For Mali Music Albarn project exploring the music of West Africa Katz performed with Albarn in Mali alongside kora player Toumani and guitarist Afel Bocoum .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	He	Scantraxx	He is also the owner of Scantraxx Records one of the leading Dutch hardstyle record labels .
no_relation	Universal	Deus	So if you call the Supreme Universal God names like Jehovah or YHWH or Theos or Zeus or Deus or Jupiter etc. suddenly you 're a pagan ( in the eyes of Atheists ) .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Don Owen	Oregon	For several decades he owned and operated the highly successful Pacific Northwest Wrestling ( PNW ) under his parent company Don Owen Sports which was based out of Portland Oregon .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Jimmy Smith	Blue Note	Softly as a Summer Breeze is an album by American jazz organist Jimmy Smith featuring performances recorded in 1958 but not released on the Blue Note label until 1965 .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Thompson	Wisconsin	Thompson 65 was Wisconsin 's longest-serving governor .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Treasury	Robert Rubin	Lawrence Summers tapped as the director of the National Economic Council in the incoming Obama administration has long regretted that his tenure as Treasury secretary was cut short by Al Gore's defeat in 2000 less than 1 and 1/2 years after he succeeded Robert Rubin .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Fredrik Reinfeldt	Moderate Party	At the congress in Lycksele in 1992 Fredrik Reinfeldt the current leader of the Moderate Party was elected chairman defeating the neoliberal Ulf Kristersson .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	She	California	She studied public relations at the University of Southern California and she was a cheerleader for the Los Angeles Express of the United States Football League in the mid-1980s .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Marc Handley Andrus	California	Marc Handley Andrus is the Eighth Bishop of California in The Episcopal Church .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Rwanda	Bernard Makuza	Apart from the Burundian president President Jakaya Kikwete of Tanzania and current Chairman of the EAC Summit President Mwai Kibaki of Kenya also attended the retreat while Rwanda Prime Minister Bernard Makuza and Uganda Minister of foreign affairs Sam Kutesa were present on behalf of their respective president .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Iceland	Geir Haarde	President of Iceland visited area in 1999 to dedicate a monument to poet K. N. Julius at Thingvalla Church and Prime Minister Geir Haarde visited in 2007 to dedicate a memorial to the church which burned to the ground in 2003 .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	her	France	Shortly after the success of Irma Disney Studios reportedly asked Monnot to come to Hollywood and compose for American films but she refused to leave her settled life in France .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Point Park University	Pittsburgh	She has served as Director of External Relations of the Health Sciences at the University of Pittsburgh Executive Director of Summer Programs at Point Park University founding Director of the Pittsburgh Regional Champions creator of the Pittsburgh Regional Brag Book and former chairwoman of the board of Women and Girls Foundation of Southwestern Pennsylvania and founding board member of ToonSeum .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Democritus University of Thrace	Greece	Dionisis Hionis economist and professor at the Democritus University of Thrace told Xinhua that if the trend could not be reversed in good time Greece could well end up being a member of the two-speed Economic and Monetary Union ( EMU ) .
per:origin(e2,e1)	South Korean	Kim Dae-jung	An aide says ailing former South Korean President Kim Dae-jung has been removed from a respirator because his condition has improved .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Benazir Bhutto	Pakistan	Although a fundamentalism he remained in the camp of the political alliances and parties led by Benazir Bhutto that were opposed to conservative leader Nawaz Sharif and the Pakistan Muslim League .
org:top_members/employees(e2,e1)	Jack Hardy	Fast Folk	The Songwriter's Exchange over time and under the guidance of Jack Hardy eventually evolved into the cooperative that formed the Fast Folk Musical Magazine .
per:alternate_names(e1,e2)	Mary Alice	Herbert	Mary Alice Mal Herbert ( born February 28 1935 ) is an American retired schoolteacher from Vermont who ran for Vice President as the candidate for the Socialist Party USA in 2004 ; and has run for many offices in her home state .
org:members(e2,e1)	ADFIS	Australian Army	The ADFIS is a ' tri-service ' unit and is manned by 150 members of the Royal Australian Navy Australian Army and Royal Australian Air Force .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	Quebecor	Osprey Media	In September 2006 the last annual release of Canadian circulation figures before the company's takeover by Quebecor Osprey Media 's dailies had average daily paid and unpaid circulation / distribution of approximately copies while its non-daily newspapers had average weekly paid and unpaid circulation / distribution of approximately copies .
no_relation	Chicago	University of Iowa Hospitals and Clinics	This year the number is increasing sharply to also include Charleston Area Medical Center in West Virginia Loyola University Hospital outside Chicago Emory University Hospital in Atlanta and University of Iowa Hospitals and Clinics in Iowa City .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Mitch McConnell	Kentucky	Sen. Mitch McConnell of Kentucky the Republican leader and Rep. Henry A. Waxman of California the Democratic chairman of the Energy and Commerce Committee are indisputably inside guys .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Franklin D. Roosevelt	United States	Democratic incumbent Franklin D. Roosevelt was elected to serve a second term as President of the United States defeating Republican nominee Alf Landon .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Denmark	Svendborg Gymnasium	Ultimate is not very common in Denmark but the students at Svendborg Gymnasium are very talented and might become a great ultimate-disc-team in Denmark .
org:alternate_names(e2,e1)	Southern African Clothing	SACTWU	The Southern African Clothing Textile Workers ' Union ( SACTWU ) rejects the recent blanket assertion by some labour lawyers and industrial relations commentators that workers will only be entitled to one days ' pay for the double public holiday falling on 21 March this year .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	he	Huntington Beach	During the 1980s and early 1990s he served as city councilman and mayor in Huntington Beach campaigning with the slogan Let Maverick Solve Your Problems .
no_relation	Peraica	Cook County State	In November 2008 Peraica lost the race for Cook County State 's Attorney to Anita Alvarez who was backed by the Chicago Democratic Party in November 2008's general election .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Bolivia	Guido Vildoso	The High Command of the Military of Bolivia entrusted General Guido Vildoso with the Presidency on 21 July 1982 and he formed his cabinet .
per:title(e2,e1)	Heritage	James Moore	Bill C-32 An Act to amend the Copyright Act was a bill tabled on June 2 2010 during the third session of the 40th Canadian Parliament by Minister of Industry Tony Clement and by Minister of Canadian Heritage James Moore .
org:members(e2,e1)	1st Iowa Independent Battery Light Artillery	Union	The 1st Iowa Independent Battery Light Artillery was an artillery battery that served in the Union Army during the American Civil War .
org:alternate_names(e1,e2)	Chilean Navy	Armada de Chile	The ship served in the Chilean Navy ( Armada de Chile ) as Cochrane named after Admiral Thomas Cochrane ( 1775 1860 ) who commanded the Chilean navy ( 1817 1822 ) .
per:spouse(e1,e2)	James II of England	Anne Hyde	Edgar Duke of Cambridge ( 14 September 1667 8 June 1671 ) was the fourth son of James Duke of York ( later James II of England ) and his first wife Anne Hyde .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Mark Pryor	Arkansas	Those balking include independent Joseph Lieberman of Connecticut and Democrats Lincoln Evan Bayh of Indiana Mary Landrieu of Louisiana Ben Nelson of Nebraska and Mark Pryor of Arkansas .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Guy Verhofstadt	Belgium	The previous general election in 2003 had resulted in a coalition between the socialist parties SP.a / Spirit ( Flemish ) and the Parti Socialiste ( Francophone ) and the centrist liberal-democratic parties VLD/Vivant ( Flemish ) and MR ( Francophone ) with Guy Verhofstadt of the VLD to retaining his position of Prime Minister of Belgium until 2007 .
org:top_members/employees(e1,e2)	Sprint	Forsee	USA Today reported in Monday's edition that Sprint 's board spurred by disappointing second-quarter earnings had decided to speed up efforts to replace Forsee after its work to find a replacement was made public last week by The Wall Street Journal .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Premier Liu	National Taiwan University	Speaking to the media after he and the rest of Premier Liu 's Cabinet resigned Thursday morning Jiang said he had originally decided to leave politics and return to his teaching post at National Taiwan University after he quit the RDEC .
org:alternate_names(e2,e1)	California State University	Humboldt State University	In 1972 the college was renamed California State University Humboldt and was further renamed Humboldt State University two years later .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Aaron Bertram	Suburban Legends	Aaron Bertram ( born April 3 1981 in Lubbock Texas ) is a trumpet player for third wave ska band Suburban Legends and member of the children's group Kids Imagine Nation and is currently teaching music and movement to preschool students in Orange County CA .
org:founded(e2,e1)	1997	Melbourne Storm	Upon the club's dissolution at the end of 1997 he became one of the foundation members of the Melbourne Storm when they started their first season in 1998 .
no_relation	Hidesign	1978	He took up a job in a leather company while pursuing his PH.D and then returned to India in 1977 to live in Auroville and started Hidesign as a hobby in 1978 .
no_relation	Tom Sutherland	Frankie Muniz	Jensen MotorSport also operated a two car team in the Formula BMW USA championship for drivers Tom Sutherland and Frankie Muniz .
no_relation	Melbourne	Hayley Aitken	Coulter recorded the album in Melbourne and worked with several songwriters and producers including Audius Mtawarira Israel Cruz Jarrad Rogers Hayley Aitken and Kara DioGuardi among others .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Emperor Taish?	f Japa	also known as was empress consort of Emperor Taish? ?o f Japa n .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Willie Nelson	RCA	WWII is a duet album by Waylon Jennings and Willie Nelson released on RCA Victor in 1982 .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Aris T. Allen	Maryland	In October 1992 state officials named MD 665 for Aris T. Allen a doctor and former member of the Maryland General Assembly who had died in 1991 .
org:alternate_names(e2,e1)	Bukidnon State College	Bukidnon State University	On May 15 2007 during the Fiesta celebration of Malaybalay City Gloria Macapagal-Arroyo President of the Philippines signed Republic Act 9456 converting Bukidnon State College into Bukidnon State University with endorsement from the House of Representatives and the Senate .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Austria	Franz Vranitzky	During his distinguished career Professor Tuppy has been President of the Austrian Science Fund ( 1974-1982 ) Rector of the University of Vienna ( 1983-1985 ) President of the Austria Academy of Sciences ( 1985-1987 ) and the Austrian Government Minister for Science and Research ( 1987-1989 ) during the chancellorship of Franz Vranitzky .
per:cities_of_residence(e2,e1)	Vancouver	Neko Case	The Corn Sisters were a Canadian-U.S. alternative country act formed in Vancouver in 1998 as a side project by Neko Case and Carolyn Mark .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	Callaway High School	All-Conference	Smith attended Callaway High School in Jackson Mississippi and won All-Conference honors in football .
org:founded_by(e2,e1)	Texas	Rangers Division	Since the establishment of the Texas Department of Public Safety Texas Rangers Division 108 Rangers have died in the line of duty .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	MediaCorp TV TVMobile	MediaCorp	The commentary on MediaCorp TV Channel 5 MediaCorp TV TVMobile MediaCorp TV12 Central ( MediaCorp TV12 Kids Central and MediaCorp TV12 Arts Central ) and MediaCorp News Channel NewsAsia International was in English MediaCorp TV Channel 8 and MediaCorp TV Channel U in Mandarin MediaCorp TV12 Suria in Malaysian and MediaCorp TV12 Vasantham Central in Tamil .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Alberta	Ralph Klein	In 2006 Alberta Progressive Conservative Premier Ralph Klein agreed to step down as party leader that year after he received the endorsement of only 55 % of delegates in a leadership review .
org:founded(e2,e1)	1976	Democratic Party	was a political party in Japan that was founded on 25 June 1976 as a breakaway from the Liberal Democratic Party ( LDP ) .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Cambodia	Pol Pot	Cambodia is recovering from 4 years of civil war in which Pol Pot became ruler and Prime Minister of then called Democratic Kampuchea from 1976-1979 .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	Junaid	Karachi	This saw Rohail Junaid and Shahzad traveling to Karachi .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	England	Birmingham Mail	The only daily newspaper left in England 's second city is The Birmingham Mail which ended evening printing last year and jumped into the morning slot of its stablemate The Birmingham Post which is now a weekly .
org:city_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Moscow	Yukos	Under President Vladimir Putin and suffering from declining sales Moscow News was bought by Mikhail Khodorkovsky one of Russia's oligarchs and owner of Yukos .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	California	Quicksilver	Gary Duncan ( born Gary Ray Grubb September 4 1946 San Diego California ) is an American musician once guitarist with The Brogues then most notably with Quicksilver Messenger Service where the complex interplay between himself and fellow-guitarist John Cipollina did much to define the unique sound of that San Francisco based band .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Nankai University	China	However Nankai University soon stepped into a new era after China 's Open and Reform policy .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Public Enlightenment and Propaganda	Joseph Goebbels	on Wilhelmplatz the Baroque Ordenspalais was refurbished as seat of the Ministry of Public Enlightenment and Propaganda led by Joseph Goebbels .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Hawaii	Hawaii Army National Guard	After Hawaii was annexed becoming the Territory of Hawaii in 1898 the Rifles entered the Army National Guard system and became part of the present Hawaii Army National Guard .
no_relation	Air Force Operational Test and Evaluation Center	Marine Corps	The one detachment at Edwards Air Force Base which is responsible for operational test and evaluation and tactics development and evaluation of the MV/CV -22 Osprey and supports Headquarters Air Force Operational Test and Evaluation Center in conducting joint tests with the Navy and Marine Corps .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Peninsula College of Medicine and Dentistry	England	Peninsula College of Medicine and Dentistry ( PCMD ) is a Medical and Dental school in England run in partnership with the University of Exeter the University of Plymouth and the NHS in Devon and Cornwall .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Chapter of Acts	Matthew Ward	Following his career with the 2nd Chapter of Acts Matthew Ward has recorded many more solo works and also works in the music industry as a background jingle vocalist .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Megabus	United Kingdom	On May 29 2008 NeOn a service based on the Megabus model used in the United Kingdom and United States as well as the BoltBus service used by Greyhound in the US began service to and from Toronto in association with Trailways of New York operating between street stops at Penn Station in Manhattan and the Fairmont Royal York Hotel in Toronto .
no_relation	University of Plymouth	3	He taught at Dartington College of Arts and now teaches at the University of Plymouth His writings include the books John Cage as . . and Sonic Harvest : Towards Musical Democracy ; BBC Radios 2 and 3 documentaries including one on the composer Morton Feldman ; and articles for Oral History the Folk Music Journal fRoots Contemporary Music Review Proof and the New Statesman .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Iceland	Geir Haarde	In 2007 Prime Minister of Iceland Geir Haarde visited Newfoundland and Manitoba .
per:alternate_names(e2,e1)	Lady Bird Johnson	Hall	In January 2009 St. Edward's University in Austin completed a new residence hall for upperclassmen bearing the name of Lady Bird Johnson Hall or LBJ Hall for short .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Interior	Wilhelm Frick	As the law was first drafted by the Interior Minister Wilhelm Frick all those of non-Aryan descent were to be fired immediately at the Reich and municipal levels of government .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Artur Barrio	Escola Nacional de Belas Artes	In 1967 Artur Barrio attended the Escola Nacional de Belas Artes ( School of Fine Arts ) one of the centers of the Universidade Federal do Rio de Janeiro .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	Ingesund College of Music	Karlstad University	One of the six university colleges of music in Sweden Ingesund College of Music a department of Karlstad University is situated in Arvika .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Johnny Cash	Columbia	3 is a greatest hits compilation by country singer Johnny Cash released on Columbia Records in 1978 ( see 1978 in music ) .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	R. Venkataraman	India	R. Venkataraman who served as the President of India from 1987 to 1992 was elected from the Thanjavur Lok Sabha constituency in the 1951 elections .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Washington	Continental Army	The whole significance of the Battle of White Plains is that Washington and his troops were able to stop the British so the Continental Army could regroup over the winter and fight another day he said .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Thomas Gangemi	Jersey City	Thomas Gangemi Sr. ( July 29 1903 December 1 1976 ) was the 35th Mayor of Jersey City New Jersey .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Blix	International Atomic Energy Agency	Blix who is in Athens together with Mohamed ElBaradei head of the International Atomic Energy Agency ( IAEA ) told reporters that while Monday's agreement solved a number of practical issues . . a lot is still to be done .
org:founded_by(e2,e1)	Patrick Collins	Elegant Angel	The company is known for being controversial as it has engaged in public relations wars with Vivid Video Patrick Collins and his company Elegant Angel Paul Fishbein and his publication Adult Video News and Larry Flynt .
per:origin(e2,e1)	Togolese	wade	During the mid-1970s Togolese President General wade for a time revived the claim to a part or all of former British Togoland .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	He	University of Aberdeen	He was also Professor of Forensic Medicine at the University of Aberdeen .
no_relation	Guy de Rothschild	Paris	The property remained the home of his inheriting male descendants until 1975 when Guy de Rothschild gifted it to the University of Paris .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Universiti Teknologi MARA	Shah Alam	She is currently an Honorary Research Affiliate at the Sydney Conservatorium of Music and a Senior Lecturer at the Faculty of Music Universiti Teknologi MARA in Shah Alam Selangor Malaysia .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Rafael Correa	Ecuador	President Rafael Correa says Ecuador will insist on renegotiating a contract for transporting oil via a pipeline jointly owned by foreign companies he accuses of cheating on taxes .
per:title(e2,e1)	President	W?adys?aw Raczkiewi	However the President of Poland W?adys?aw Raczkiewi cz would not accept his resignation ; instead Kopaski was promoted to the rank of Division General two days later .
org:alternate_names(e1,e2)	University of Brighton	Brighton Polytechnic	The University of Brighton the former Brighton Polytechnic has a student population of of which 80 % are undergraduates .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	State	Frederick W. Seward	After the veto Assistant Secretary of State Frederick W. Seward suggested that both countries work together to reduce immigration and he and James Burrill Angell negotiated with the Chinese to do so .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Dr. Dre	Aftermath	She had also signed to Dr. Dre 's Aftermath Entertainment imprint ; however she later left to sign to with Motown Records but has moved again ; this time for a deal with Raekwon's Rae Records and Virgin Records .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	UNIS	New York	We know that if we take a stand -- if we act -- we can end poverty in our lifetimes said UN Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon who was joined by schoolchildren at the UN International School ( UNIS ) in New York on Friday in calling for an end to hunger which currently afflicts 1 billion people worldwide .
org:members(e1,e2)	Romanian	Gloria	Following are the Romanian soccer league results on Friday : Victoria Branesti 1 FC Brasov 1 FC Timisoara 2 Universitatea Cluj 2 Gloria Bistrita 0 Dinamo Bucharest 2 .
per:spouse(e1,e2)	Antonio Banderas	Melanie Griffith	Among his clients in Spain : actors Antonio Banderas and his wife Melanie Griffith soccer star David Beckham Spanish actresses Ana and Esther former Spice Girl Emma Bunton bullfighter Francisco Rivera and several high-profile businessmen .
org:founded_by(e2,e1)	Amir Khadir	solidaire	He was defeated in 2008 by Amir Khadir co-leader of solidaire .
org:top_members/employees(e2,e1)	Kerry Kelly	New York City Fire Department	Colin's mother Dr. Kerry Kelly is the Chief Medical Officer for the New York City Fire Department ( FDNY ) and a physician on Staten Island .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	KMT	36th Division	Ma Zhongying led the KMT 36th Division ( National Revolutionary Army ) to fight against the pro-Soviet governor of Xinjiang Jin Shuren during the Kumul Rebellion and the Soviets themselves during the Soviet Invasion of Xinjiang .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	E-Sir	Ogopa DJs	Born Issah Mmari on May 20 1981 in California Estate and raised in South c estate Nairobi Kenya E-Sir was a Kenyan hip hop artist signed to the Ogopa DJs label who was famous for his deft lyrical ability and command of the Swahili language .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Wynonna Judd	Judds	A longstanding producer for Wynonna Judd he has become known as the man who created the Judds ' sound .
no_relation	Dear John	New York	In 1988 Little returned to Broadway to appear as Midge in Herb Gardner's Tony Award-winning play I 'm Not Rappaport reuniting with Dear John star Judd Hirsch in New York and later on tour .
org:alternate_names(e2,e1)	California State University	CSUN	Bostock played baseball at Manual Arts High School in Los Angeles and after graduating from there attended San Fernando Valley State College now known as California State University Northridge ( CSUN ) .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Caspar Weinberger	United States	jpg | The casket of Caspar Weinberger 15th United States Secretary of Defense in a ceremonial funeral procession en route to its final resting place in Arlington National Cemetery on April 4 2006 .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	Houston Chronicle	Hearst Corporation	Houston Chronicle ( Hearst Corporation ) 1 April 1995 .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Japan	Fukuda	URGENT Japan 's ruling party names Fukuda as PM .
org:members(e2,e1)	UST	Glassell School	This joint effort gives UST students access to the resources of the Glassell School and to instruction offered by the artists on its faculty while receiving credit at the University towards a degree .
per:title(e2,e1)	poet	Reinaldo Arenas	The company booked its second main-stage world premiere Before Night Falls by Cuban-American composer Jorge based on the memoirs of Cuban poet and writer Reinaldo Arenas .
no_relation	850	Keio University	Although Japan was the world's top donor in the early 1990s its generosity has steadily fallen since then the U2 frontman told some 850 students at Tokyo's prestigious Keio University where he received an honorary doctorate of law earlier in the day .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Christie	Canada	Christie was a lawyer in Canada who is well known for representing Ernst among others .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Sonic Youth	Thurston Moore	Shortly before the end of the trio Nels recorded two albums In-Store and Pillow Wand with Sonic Youth frontman and guitarist Thurston Moore .
org:alternate_names(e2,e1)	Nagasaki	Nagasaki University	Although he later recalled having no interest in the subject he enrolled in the College of Pharmaceutical Sciences of Nagasaki Medical College ( now Nagasaki University School of Pharmaceutical Sciences ) .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Navy	Frank Knox	At 1655 on 22 June with Secretary of the Navy Frank Knox on board fired a 21-gun salute for the crew lost on the ill-fated vessel .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	UK	Imperial College London	ONETEP has been developed by a group of UK academics based at Cambridge University Southampton University and Imperial College London .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	Army	Maratha Light Infantry	Born in an agricultural family in a village near Kannur in north Kerala Captain Chittarath Poovakkatt Krishnan Nair began his career with the Indian Army in the Maratha Light Infantry ( post independence ) .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Chicago	Peter Cetera	On the other hand Chicago bass player Peter Cetera will never be forgiven for his 1983 solo release of The Glory of Love and is well deserving of a visit from a man carrying a rucksack .
no_relation	HSBC	330	Under the HSBC brand the bank maintains a network of around 330 branches nationwide ( as of December 2009 ) and offers a comprehensive range of products and services to corporate commercial and personal customers .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Indonesia	Suharto	East Timor neighbor Indonesia ( ruled by Suharto who had killed upwards of one million of his own people in 1965 ) invaded East Timor in December of 1975 with the full approval of President Ford and Secretary Kissinger .
org:members(e2,e1)	Wake Forest University	Division I	The 2012 13 Wake Forest Demon Deacons men's basketball team represented Wake Forest University during the 2012 13 NCAA Division I men's basketball season .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Randell	Australia	After Randell 's marriage had failed she returned to Australia in 1980 and became Meldrum's personal assistant until 1986 .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e2,e1)	New Mexico	Pete Domenici	New Mexico Sen. Pete Domenici ( news bio voting record ) the only Republican to reject the Inhofe proposal said the country should move beyond the notion that English and English only will ensure the future of the United States .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Switzerland	Longines	CSIO5 * St. Gallen Switzerland : and Lektor took 5th prize of CHF ( ) in the Longines Grand Prix CSI4 * De Steeg the Netherlands : VDL Harley won a 1m50 jump-off class worth to the winner .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Ahmed Nazif	Egypt	We are coordinating our efforts with ( Egyptian ) Prime Minister Ahmed Nazif and the relevant ministers in Egypt in order to enable Egyptian electricity and gas to reach Lebanon as soon as possible Siniora told reporters at a joint news conference with Nazif in the northern city of Alexandria .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	Black Watch	Army	On 4 October 1917 near Zonnebeke Belgium and by now an Acting Lieutenant Colonel in The Black Watch ( Royal Highlanders ) British Army Pugh was Commanding Officer of 1st Battalion The Lincolnshire Regiment and aged 36 years when the following deed took place for which he was awarded the VC .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	its	Germany	Demand was down globally with sales dropping 18.6 percent in its home market Germany and by 18.2 percent in North America .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Navy	Donald C. Winter	The recommendation went to Secretary of the Navy Donald C. Winter who had the final decision .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Nepal	Prachanda	Nepali Prime Minister Madhav Kumar Nepal on Sunday wrote a letter to the main opposition Unified Communist Party of Nepal ( Maoist ) ( UCPN-M ) Chairman Prachanda inviting him to come for dialogue .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e2,e1)	Missouri	Thomas Hart Benton	The city of Benton first settled in 1833 and named after Missouri Senator Thomas Hart Benton was formally chartered in 1836 when Arkansas became a state .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Palmer	Germany	Palmer returned to Germany in 1954 where she played roles in many films and television productions .
per:country_of_birth(e1,e2)	James Callaghan	England	James Callaghan was born at 38 Funtington Road Copnor Portsmouth England on 27 March 1912 .
per:country_of_birth(e1,e2)	Wendy Guerra	Cuba	Wendy Guerra ( born December 1970 in Cienfuegos Cuba ) is a Cuban poet and novelist .
org:top_members/employees(e2,e1)	Alexandra Shulman	Vogue	Alexandra Shulman editor of British Vogue said : Lee McQueen influenced a whole generation of designers .
no_relation	Florenz Ziegfeld	Anna Held	Barbara Mikkelson of Snopes.com suggests that Florenz Ziegfeld might have started such a rumor about his his Anna Held to publicize her career .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	George Rallis	Greece	Dimitrios Rallis ( 1844 1921 ) paternal grandfather of George Rallis was five times Prime Minister of Greece for short periods in 1897 1903 1905 1909 and 1921 .
org:city_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Greifswald	University of Greifswald	The history of the medical school and the hospital in Greifswald date back to the founding of the University of Greifswald in the year 1456 .
org:members(e1,e2)	Mark Rutte	Party	Prime Minister : Mark Rutte ( The People's Party for Freedom and Democracy -- VVD ) .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	California	Lynwood High School	Bandy was born in South Gate California and played prep football at Lynwood High School in Lynwood California .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Bangladesh	Khaleda Zia	Bangladesh police arrest a top aide of detained former premier Khaleda Zia .
org:members(e2,e1)	Owls	NCAA	Just a short seven years since playing its first intercollegiate game and three short years since playing in Division I-A competition the Owls became the quickest start-up program in NCAA history to reach a bowl game .
org:members(e1,e2)	Division I	Cornell Big Red	Brian Ferlin ( born June 3 1992 ) is an American ice hockey player who is currently playing NCAA Men's Division I college hockey for the Cornell Big Red men's ice hockey team in the ECAC Hockey conference .
per:country_of_birth(e1,e2)	Rafael Correa	Ecuador	After the privatization of power generation that began in 1996 under the government of Sixto the dam passed into the hands of the company Hidropaute SA and then returned to state ownership during the government of Rafael Correa when Hidropaute became part of the Ecuador Electricity Corporation ( del Ecuador CELEC ) .
per:country_of_birth(e1,e2)	Ricki-Lee Coulter	New Zealand	Ricki-Lee Coulter ( born 10 November 1985 in Auckland New Zealand ) was eliminated on 11 October 2004 placed seventh .
per:alternate_names(e1,e2)	Sara Sothern	Sara Viola Warmbrodt	Elizabeth Rosemond Taylor was born at Heathwood her parents ' home at 8 Wildwood Road in Hampstead Garden Suburb a northwestern suburb of London ; the younger of two children of Francis Lenn Taylor ( 1897 1968 ) and Sara Sothern ( Sara Viola Warmbrodt ; 1895 1994 ) who were Americans residing in England .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	Sprint Nextel	Common Cents Mobile	After the acquisition Sprint Nextel formed the Sprint Prepaid Group an organizational division which included Sprint's other prepaid offerings Boost Mobile and Common Cents Mobile .
org:members(e2,e1)	Emerson College	New England Association of Schools and Colleges	Emerson College is accredited by the New England Association of Schools and Colleges Inc .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	United Kingdom	British Armed Forces	The Defence Academy of the United Kingdom provides Higher Education for personnel in the British Armed Forces Civil Service Other Government Departments and service personnel from other nations .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	she	California	Finally in February 1970 she waived extradition proceedings and voluntarily returned to California to stand trial with defendants Manson Van Houten and Atkins .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Everett Shinn	Ashcan School	He taught hundreds of students among them his future wife Susan Macdowell African-American painter Henry Ossawa Tanner and Thomas Anshutz who taught in turn Robert Henri George Luks John Sloan and Everett Shinn future members of the Ashcan School and other realists and artistic heirs to Eakins ' philosophy .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Don Henley	Warner Bros	Platinum Album Inside Job CD - Don Henley Warner Bros .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Penang	Koh Tsu Koon	Ramasamy was elected to the Malaysian Parliament and Penang State Assembly in the 2008 election defeating former Penang Chief Minister Koh Tsu Koon .
per:origin(e1,e2)	Ahmad Shah Ahmadzai	Afghanistan	Ahmad Shah Ahmadzai a prominent mujahidin leader and head of the Hizb-i-Iqtadar-i-Islami Afghanistan and former acting prime minister in the government of Burhanuddin Rabbani before the Taliban came to power in 1996 said Regardless of the court decision or not he is hanged there is unanimous agreement by all religious scholars from the north to the south the east to the west of Afghanistan that Abdul Rahman should be executed .
no_relation	her	Australia	I want to extend my best wishes to Ms Blanchett and her family and thank her for her contribution to the Australia 2020 Summit thus far Rudd said in a statement .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Sonthi Boonyaratglin	Council for National Security	General Sonthi Boonyaratglin resigned as chairman of the all-powerful Council for National Security ( CNS ) at the same time he retired as Army commander-in-chief on Sunday .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Herbert Greenfield	Alberta	The neighbourhood was named for Herbert Greenfield the Premier of Alberta from 1921 to 1925 during the reign of the United Farmers of Alberta political party .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Spyros Kyprianou	House	Spyros Kyprianou was elected House President .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Justice	Laurette Onkelinx	Justice Minister Laurette Onkelinx from the francophone Socialists said Leterme's idea to reform the state is against the will of the French-speaking people .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	David Stout Manners	Jersey City	David Stout Manners ( January 12 1808 at East Amwell Township New Jersey - August 19 1884 ) was the ninth Mayor of Jersey City .
no_relation	University of Toronto	Centre for Addiction and Mental Health	She brought to the table the Rotman School and Management ( University of Toronto ) and Ontario world-leading Centre for Addiction and Mental Health ( CAMH ) for their respective expertise .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Francisco I. Madero	Mexico	The year Francisco I. Madero was elected President of Mexico he took over a seat in the Congress ; then in 1916 he was elected again to serve in Congress and was one of the persons who drafted the 1917 Constitution .
no_relation	Trinity Washington University	Washington	The areas is close to THEARC ( Town Hall Education Arts and Recreation Center ) with institutions such as Trinity Washington University ( formerly Trinity College ) the School of the Washington Ballet and the Levine School of Music .
org:top_members/employees(e1,e2)	Victoria Police	Chief Commissioner	Victoria Police Chief Commissioner Christine Nixon suggested a ban on full - strength beer as a first move to tackle the problem .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Tupper	Nova Scotia	Tupper led the Nova Scotia campaign for the Liberal-Conservative party during the Canadian federal election of 1872 .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Third Eye Blind	Elektra	Afterwards the band found themselves in a bidding war among record labels and after a showcase in Los Angeles Kevin Cadogan and Stephan Jenkins signed as artists professionally known as Third Eye Blind with Sylvia Rhone of Elektra Records because they believed it offered the most artistic freedom .
org:top_members/employees(e1,e2)	American Express	Kenneth Chenault	On October 20 2009 at the insistence of Hikind and twelve other New York State and City officeholders American Express CEO Kenneth Chenault American Express rescinded its Merchants Agreement with prominent Holocaust denier David Irving .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	England	Miranda Richardson	In 1977 Scacchi left UWA to return to England to pursue an acting career studying at the Bristol Old Vic Theatre School with Miranda Richardson and Amanda Redman .
per:country_of_birth(e2,e1)	Nigeria	Yakubu Gowon	Politics wo n't play a part in the 2014 Commonwealth Games if Abuja Nigeria wins the right to host the event bid chairman Yakubu Gowon said Wednesday .
per:country_of_birth(e1,e2)	Ryan Hall	US	He and fellow Californian Ryan Hall give the US a real chance to claim a first men's victory in 27 years .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Ro?ma	4; Austr	Ro?ma n and others were living under the British supervision at the Bishop's Palace at Klagenfurt 4; Austr ia in October 1946 .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	It	Texas	It is headquartered out of Suite 2300 at 1990 Post Oak Blvd in the Uptown district in Houston Texas United States .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Hans Blix	International Atomic Energy Agency	The conference was attended by over 50 world-renowned experts from 14 countries including Sergey Kirienko Director General of the Rosatom State Atomic Energy Corporation ; Mohamed ElBaradei Director General of the International Atomic Energy Agency ( IAEA ) ; Nikolay Laverov Academician and Vice President of the Russian Academy of Sciences ( RAS ) ; William Perry former Secretary of the U.S. Department of Defense ; and Hans Blix Chairman of the Weapons of Mass Destruction Commission and former Director General of the International Atomic Energy Agency .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	He	Netherlands	He served as Prime Minister of the Netherlands from November 22 1966 until April 5 1967 .
per:title(e1,e2)	Pat Flynn	guitarist	Pat Flynn one of the band members of the New Grass Revival guested on the recording of Movin ' On as a session guitarist and would return to do so again on Weather and Water .
per:origin(e1,e2)	Richard Garriott	American	Richard Garriott became the first American and second overall second-generation space traveler on following his astronaut father Owen Garriott into space in 2008 .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Enver Hoxha	Albania	Shtylla was one of the most experienced and versatile Albanian diplomats starting as the preferred person of Enver Hoxha to work in Albania 's foreign affairs .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Ethiopian Airlines	Addis Ababa	Debris and luggage from Ethiopian Airlines Flight 409 which was headed to Addis Ababa could be seen washing up on the shoreline south of the Ethiopian capital .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	Kahlo	malibu	Following the conference Corona was invited to spend a few days at the Rivera's and Kahlo 's home in malibu .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Albania	Enver Hoxha	Although his audience was mainly British he was a cult figure in Albania where he was the only Western actor whose films were allowed in the country during the dictatorship of Enver Hoxha .
no_relation	Ani DiFranco	Allison Crowe	Following the independent model of musicians Loreena McKennitt and Ani DiFranco Allison Crowe launched her own record label Rubenesque Records Ltd. with the release of Lisa's Song in its various forms .
no_relation	Operation Ivy	Hellcat Records	The 1991 compilation Operation Ivy was later reissued on November 6 2007 by Epitaph Records subsidiary Hellcat Records as a self-titled compilation album .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Aftermath	Eminem	Upon recommendation from Interscope Records head Jimmy Iovine Aftermath signed now multi-platinum rapper Eminem in 1998 .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	he	Liberia	Eventually he left Libya and traveled to the Ivory Coast where he founded the National Patriotic Front of Liberia ( NPFL ) .
per:alternate_names(e1,e2)	Rod Jones	Jones	In 2010 Idlewild entered an indefinite hiatus and so guitarist and backing vocalist Rod Jones subsequently formed The Birthday Suit in 2011 after writing material for his second album Jones noted : I started making a second solo record then got sick of it .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Vietnam	written by H? Ch	The Proclamation of Independence of the Democratic Republic of Vietnam ( c l?p Vi?t Nam ch? C?ng ) was written by H? Ch Minh and announced in public at the Ba flower garden ( now the Ba Square ) on September 2 1945 .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Interior	Dirk Kempthorne	The designation was handed down by U.S. Secretary of the Interior Dirk Kempthorne .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	Anderson	Baltimore	Anderson was the primary sponsor of HB 1303-Vehicle Laws-Towing or removal from parking lots-Baltimore City Baltimore County .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	United States	Eve	Dell Williams ( born 1922 ) founded the first feminist sex toy business in the United States Eve 's Garden in New York City in 1974 .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	Amtrak	Crescent	Amtrak took over the Crescent from Southern in 1979 and became the station's tenant .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	judge	New York	A judge has approved a request from artist Mark Rothko's children to move his remains from a Long Island cemetery to a burial plot in Valhalla New York .
no_relation	He	Baltimore	He was in the forefront of reforming inner-city public schools including requiring accountability from Baltimore school officials for lack of educational progress waste of state funds and allegations of fraud in spending those funds .
no_relation	NKF	Gilde	In 1958 NKF reorganised creating 17 district organisations to manage the processing and the following year Gilde is launched in Northern Norway .
org:top_members/employees(e1,e2)	Yukos	Mikhail Khodorkovsky	The project stalled in October 2003 when Yukos chief executive Mikhail Khodorkovsky was arrested on charges including tax evasion and fraud and the Russian government launched an immediate investigation into the company .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	44; ?ivk	er of S	After the assassination of Zoran ?in?i? 44; ?ivk ovi? got elected as the 7th Prime Minist er of S erbia and decisively lead his reformist Government through the state of emergency period and promoted offensive measures on cracking down organized crime and corruption but his Government collapsed as a consequence of the controversial arrests government scandals and unrest within the coalition .
no_relation	Her	Chesapeake Bay	Her grave once safely inland is now a few inches from the Chesapeake Bay the result of erosion that has eaten away tracts of Hoopers Island .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Straight University	Louisiana	Straight University after 1915 Straight College was a historically black college that operated between 1868 and 1934 in New Orleans Louisiana .
org:founded(e1,e2)	Dana Hills High School	1972	It includes Dana Hills High School one of the oldest high schools in the area which opened in 1972 .
org:members(e2,e1)	Air Canada	Star Alliance	Air Canada is the world's 8th largest passenger airline by fleet size and the airline is a founding member of Star Alliance .
per:title(e2,e1)	President	Abdelaziz Bouteflika	It was inaugurated on July 5 2006 by the President Abdelaziz Bouteflika .
org:alternate_names(e1,e2)	CESIS	Executive Committee for Intelligence	Following the revelations of Italian Prime minister Giulio Andreotti in October 1990 concerning the existence of Gladio a secret stay-behind NATO anti-communist network during the Cold War a report from the Italian CESIS ( Executive Committee for Intelligence and Security Services ) stated that Carlo Cicuttini an Italian neofascist related to Gladio who had participated to the 1972 Peteano bombing alongside Vincenzo Vinciguerra took part in the Atocha massacre .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	Hawker Siddeley	Hawker Aircraft	Hawker Siddeley Aircraft was formed in 1935 as a result of the purchase by Hawker Aircraft of the companies of J. D. Siddeley the automotive and engine builder Armstrong Siddeley and the aircraft manufacturer Armstrong Whitworth Aircraft .
no_relation	Lowe	Radar Records	Also produced by Lowe it was released in 1979 by Radar Records in the UK and Columbia Records in the US .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Morihiro Hosokawa	Japan	The anti-LDP coalition government of Morihiro Hosokawa was formed by reformists who had triggered the 1993 election by leaving the LDP ( Japan Renewal Party New Party Sakigake ) a liberal party formed only a year before ( Japan New Party ) the traditional centre-left opposition ( Kmeit Democratic Socialist Party Social Democratic Federation ) and the Democratic Reform Party the political arm of the Reng trade union federation together with the JSP .
no_relation	Temaru	French Polynesia	In 2007 Temaru was found guilty of racial discrimination by the criminal court of Papeete for having referred to the European scum living in French Polynesia as trash waste .
no_relation	Nikko	Masashi Kaneko	Nikko is asking former chairman Masashi Kaneko to offer his private assets worth 300 million yen ( US$ 2.5 million ; euro1 .9 million ) to the company it said .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	New Zealand	Reserve Bank of New Zealand	Since 1934 banknotes of the New Zealand pound were issued by the Reserve Bank of New Zealand and came in denominations of 10s 1 5 10 and 50 .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Saint Lucia	Stephenson King	Palau President Johnson Toribiong and Saint Lucia Prime Minister Stephenson King advocated that Taiwan should be included in the global discussions on climate change while addressing the climate conference in Copenhagen Wednesday .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Lebanon	forces	The United Nations Interim Force in Lebanon monitors the separation of forces following the 2006 Israel-Hezbollah war in Lebanon .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Paul Potts	Britain	Marsh is currently on a Scandinavian tour supporting tenor Paul Potts 2007 winner of ITV's Britain 's Got Talent .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	England	Anthony Minghella	Minghella was born in Hampstead London England the son of Academy Award-winning director Anthony Minghella and dancer/choreographer Carolyn Choa .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Daniel Akaka	Hawaii	In addition to Senators Feinstein and Nelson the Democrats who voted to confirm Judge Southwick were Daniel Akaka of Hawaii ; Robert C. Byrd of West Virginia ; Tim Johnson of South Dakota ; Blanche Lincoln and Mark Pryor both of Arkansas ; and Kent Conrad and Byron Dorgan both of North Dakota .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	his	Norway	All his records are released on this label for the territory of Norway some titles for the world .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	American Electric Power	Ohio	The blast occurred as workers were unloading a coolant used for steam generators at the Muskingum River plant said Melissa McHenry a spokeswoman for American Electric Power based in Columbus Ohio .
per:origin(e1,e2)	William McCune	American	Alfred William McCune ( June 11 1849 March 28 1927 ) was an American railroad builder mine operator and politician from the state of Utah.Whitney 1904 p. 505 508 .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Solidarity	Tommy Sheridan	However the SWP and the International Socialists constituents and supporters of Respect are already constituent of the Solidarity Party ( run by Tommy Sheridan following his split from the SSP ) in Scotland .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Hume Cronyn	Canada	Hume Cronyn one of five children was born in London Ontario Canada the son of Hume Blake Cronyn Sr. a businessman and a Member of Parliament for London ( after whom the Hume Cronyn Memorial Observatory and asteroid ( 12050 ) Humecronyn are named ) and Frances Amelia ( Labatt ) an heiress of the brewing company of the same name .
per:title(e2,e1)	Education	Joseph Korto	Things are rapidly going out of hand and we have to arrest the situation said Education Minister Joseph Korto .
no_relation	USA	Douglass High School	He had also run in the 1976 Olympic Trials in the 100 and 200m reaching the quarter-final stage at both events.http : / / www.usatf.org/statistics/champions/OlympicTrials/HistoryOfTheOlympicTrials.pdf The History of the United States Olympic Trials - Track Field R Hymans USA Track Field 2008 Wiley attended Douglass High School in Baltimore .
per:origin(e1,e2)	Broderick Smith	Australian	Broderick Smith ( born 1948 in Hertfordshire England ) aka Brod Smith is an Australian singer-songwriter harmonica guitar and banjo player .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Nicaragua	Daniel Ortega	The U.S. ambassador to Nicaragua said Saturday that he sees no need to apologize for criticizing a court ruling opening the way for the possible re-election of leftist President Daniel Ortega .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Phil Ochs	who	Over its 37-year run sold records from such artists as Sergio Mendes Brazil ' 66 The Carpenters Phil Ochs Carole King ( who distributed her label Ode ) Joe Cocker Free Cat Stevens Procol Harum Humble Pie Peter Frampton The Police and Sting as a solo artist Styx Bryan Adams Amy Grant Suzanne Vega and Sheryl Crow .
org:founded_by(e1,e2)	Studio Ghibli	Hayao Miyazaki	1915 - 18 March 1993 ) the father of the Studio Ghibli animation studio co-founder Hayao Miyazaki .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Philippines	Cheska Garcia	Garcia returned to the Philippines for the wedding of his sister Cheska Garcia and basketball player Douglas Kramer which took place on October 9 2008 .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	He	Guyana	He was mistaken ; Janet has lived the majority of her adult life in Guyana working with the government and public sector .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Pascal Couchepin	Switzerland	On 15 April 2004 Rittie was one of eight ambassadors whose accreditation was accepted by then President Pascal Couchepin of Switzerland as nonresident ambassador ( with residence in Rabat Morocco ) .
per:title(e2,e1)	King	James III	Pope Clement XIII had recognised James as King of England Scotland and Ireland as James III and VIII but did not give Charles the same recognition .
no_relation	his	Pakistan	During his three-day official visit to Pakistan Premier Wen will meet with President Zardari and Prime Minister Gilani to discuss wide-ranging topics of mutual interest .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Lithuania	Vytautas Landsbergis	On March 11 1990 Lithuania led by newly elected Vytautas Landsbergis declared independence from the Soviet Union .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Italy	Canadair	Italy sent a Canadair firefighting plane to assist the Greeks Premier Romano Prodi said Saturday noting that Italy too had been fighting fires in the south .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Botswana	Seretse Khama	Air Botswana Corporation is the national airline of Botswana with its head office on the grounds of Sir Seretse Khama International Airport in Gaborone .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Japan	Takao Doi	Marking the beginning of Japan scientific work aboard the station ISS Commander Peggy Whitson and Japanese astronaut Takao Doi opened the module at 9:23 pm ( 0123 GMT Saturday ) and began transferring supplies and equipment into the new laboratory from the space shuttle Endeavour .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Satoshi Kojima	Japan	However he would held the IWGP Championship as Keiji Mutoh and the Triple Crown Championship as his alter-ego The Great Muta ) In addition Keiji Mutoh and Satoshi Kojima are both New Japan Pro Wrestling alumni but have played a consistent role in the main event picture of All Japan Pro Wrestling since their arrival to the promotion .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Hungary	stephen	The new liberal-democratic government of Hungary under Count stephen attempted to retain Slovakia .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	China	Huadian Power International	China Shenhua the nation's largest coal producer rose 1.47 percent to 37.99 yuan per share while Huadian Power International Corp. a leading power generation firm advanced 2.12 percent to 5.77 yuan per share .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Botswana	Ian Khama	5 percent of all projected in need of the treatment Botswana President Ian Khama said on Tuesday .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	John Barrasso	Wyoming	Senator John Barrasso Republican of Wyoming waved the document at Lisa P. Jackson the E.P.A. administrator at a hearing of the Environment and Public Works Committee .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Colorado State University	Colorado	A linebacker at Marina High School Adam was unnerved by the idea of playing the position of Safety for Colorado State University He took a year off from football at Colorado to take care of some family issues .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Christophe	Vaucluse	Christophe ( born 16 October 1975 in Carpentras Vaucluse ) is a French pop singer .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	The Oaks	Florida	The Oaks ( sometimes stylised as The OaKs ) are an American rock band based out of Orlando Florida created by singer/songwriter/guitarist Ryan Costello and drummer/percussionist Matthew Antolick .
org:members(e2,e1)	Baylor Bears	Baylor University	The 1973 Baylor Bears football team represented the Baylor University in the 1973 NCAA college football season .
no_relation	National Express Group	London	In May 2009 it was announced that National Express Group had agreed to sell Travel London to NedRailways a subsidiary of NS Dutch Railways for a price of 32 million .
org:alternate_names(e2,e1)	Mesa Airlines	America West Express	Hawaii and Nagoya routes were scrapped and America West service to local markets was contracted to Mesa Airlines which began conducting operations as America West Express .
no_relation	Childers	Isis District State High School	The Childers station site is now part of the Isis District State High School grounds .
org:founded(e1,e2)	Tallinn University	2005	Tallinn University Baltic Film and Media School ( BFM ) is a film and media school created in 2005 as a college of Tallinn University one of the biggest educational institutions in Estonia .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Sri Lanka	Ranil Wickremasinghe	In 2006 the President of Sri Lanka Mahinda Rajapaksa 4th President of Sri Lanka Dingiri Banda Wijetunga twice Prime Minister of Sri Lanka Ranil Wickremasinghe and the Speaker of the Parliament of Sri Lanka W. J. M. Lokubandara were guest speakers at a UC event .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Democratic Kampuchea	Khieu Samphan	The book Reflection on Cambodian History Up to the Era of Democratic Kampuchea offers a possible preview of what Khieu Samphan might offer as a defense if as is expected he is charged soon by Cambodia's U.N.-backed genocide tribunal .
no_relation	Taylor Swift	Kellie Pickler	The marching band from Brentwood High School in Brentwood Tennessee ( who also perform at the end of the album version ) makes an appearance at the end and country music artists Taylor Swift and Kellie Pickler appear as Paisley's backup dancers .
per:title(e1,e2)	Than Shwe	Chairman	Than Shwe Chairman of the State Peace and Development Council made the inspection tour a fortnight after the disaster to Nargis - hit Yangon suburban areas of Hlaingtharya and Dagon township ( South and North ) the report said .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Young Buck	G-Unit	Two years later they returned with Datz Me featuring Young Buck a then member of G-Unit and another Lil ' Jon produced hit Presidential .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	Wella	Procter Gamble	In 2004 the Stroher family sold their almost 80 % stake in Wella AG the world's second biggest professional hair care group to Procter Gamble for $ 4 billion .
per:spouse(e1,e2)	John	Abigail	It makes John and Abigail real .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Ukraine	Malyshev Factory	Kharkovchanka is a model of Antarctic off-road vehicle made in Soviet Union / Ukraine manufactured by the Malyshev Factory in Kharkiv .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	MTV	Viacom	The channel replaced the Brazilian version of MTV Hits after Viacom sold the rights of MTV brand in Brazil .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	China Petrochemical Corporation	Sinopec	China Petrochemical Corporation is the parent firm of Sinopec .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Camacho	Puerto Rico	Camacho was born in Puerto Rico to Luis Camacho Sr. and his wife .
per:title(e1,e2)	Doxaras	painter	Doxaras was also the first painter that worked on porraiture .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Mass Rapid Transit	Singapore	Tanjong Pagar MRT Station ( EW15 ) is an underground Mass Rapid Transit station on the East West Line in Singapore .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	Evangelical	United Brethren Church	1946 : The Evangelical Church ( Albright's Evangelical Association ) and Otterbein's Church of the United Brethren in Christ merged to form the Evangelical United Brethren Church .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	North Central Texas College	Gainesville	He spent two years at North Central Texas College in Gainesville Texas .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Whitesnake	Adrian Vandenberg	In 1994 Coverdale assembled a new line-up of Whitesnake ( with the exception of Coverdale's musical partner guitarist Adrian Vandenberg and bassist Rudy Sarzo both of whom had been in Whitesnake since 1987 ) to tour for the release of Whitesnake's Greatest Hits album .
no_relation	Sorghaghtani	Wang Khan	Sorghaghtani was the daughter of Jakha Gambhu the younger brother of the powerful Kereyid leader Toghrul ( a.k.a. Wang Khan ) .
org:top_members/employees(e2,e1)	Renu Khator	University of Houston	As of January 2008 Renu Khator has been the chancellor of UH System and president of the University of Houston .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Hamilton Street Railway	City of Hamilton	The Hamilton Street Railway Company ( HSR ) is the Transit Division of the City of Hamilton Public Works Department in Ontario Canada .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Haley	South Carolina	A member of the Republican Party Haley represented Lexington County in the South Carolina House of Representatives from 2005 to 2010 .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Piper Jaffray	Minneapolis	The world's biggest seed company may get an earnings boost of 15 cents to 30 cents a share from a recent 20 percent increase in glyphosate prices in China Michael Cox an analyst at Piper Jaffray Cos. in Minneapolis said in a report .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Gallegos	Venezuela	The Gallegos Municipality is one of the seven municipalities ( municipios ) that makes up the Venezuelan state of Apure and according to a 2007 population estimate by the National Institute of Statistics of Venezuela the municipality has a population of .
org:city_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Paro	airline	These plans were put on hold in March 2008 due to Paro Airport not being able to handle night flights and the airline only being able to secure landing slots at Mumbai's Chhatrapati Shivaji International Airport at 3 am .
no_relation	Lilli Palmer	Rex Harrison	Included are photographs of Shirley Booth Ferrer Judith Anderson Maurice Evans Lilli Palmer Melvyn Douglas Louis Calhern Celeste Holm Helen Hayes Henry Fonda Claude Rains Beatrice Lillie Rex Harrison Ethel Merman Charles Boyer John Garfield Ezio Pinza Mary Martin Arlene Francis Eddie Cantor Gwen Verdon and Marlon Brando .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e2,e1)	New York	Dov Hikind	Outside the campus New York State Assemblyman Dov Hikind of Brooklyn said his constituency which included the Boro Park neighborhood had many Holocaust survivors .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	Dillon Freasier	Fort Davis	He's Dillon Freasier of Fort Davis Texas who was 10 when he landed the role as Daniel Day-Lewis ' purported son -- you have to see the film to understand the purported part -- in There Will Be Blood .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Calvin Coolidge	Northampton	Calvin Coolidge grew up in Vermont and later had his first law practice in Northampton MA. and there he met Joseph O'Connor a resident of neighboring South Hadley .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Jean-Jacques Bertrand	Quebec	In May 1963 MLA Jean-Jacques Bertrand presented a motion in the Legislative Assembly of Quebec in which he asked for the setting up of a special committee to prepare the convocation of the French-Canadian General Estates .
org:alternate_names(e1,e2)	Vodafone Omnitel NV	Vodafone Italia	Vodafone Omnitel NV ( former Omnitel Pronto-Italia now branded Vodafone Italia ) is an Italian telephony company which has approximately mobile customers with a market share of 32.8 % ( placing itself just behind TIM ) and customers on fixed lines with a market share of 7.9 % ( behind Telecom Italia and Infostrada ) .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	he	Rio de Janeiro	Now he works as associate professor of Departamento de of Universidade do Estado do Rio de Janeiro .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Bob Seger	The Silver Bullet Band	Bob Seger The Silver Bullet Band was the last concert ever held in The Pyramid in 2008 .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Mabini	Philippines	In early 1903 both Ricarte and Mabini would be allowed back into the Philippines upon taking the oath of allegiance to America .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Stony Brook University	Stony Brook	She earned her bachelor's degree at Northwestern University and her master's and doctorate at Stony Brook University ( State University of New York at Stony Brook ) .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Maruti Suzuki	India	It was developed to be a global car and will be made at Maruti Suzuki 's plant in Manesar Haryana India .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Tennessee	University of Tennessee	The 1967 Tennessee Volunteers football team ( variously Tennessee UT or the Vols ) represented the University of Tennessee in the 1967 college football season .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	NHL	United States	Through a sequence of team expansions reductions and relocations the NHL currently consists of 30 teams 23 of which are based in the United States and seven in Canada .
org:city_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	San Francisco	University of San Francisco	The 2011 12 San Francisco Dons men's basketball team represented the University of San Francisco in the 2011 12 college basketball season .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Abbas El Fassi	Morocco	Prime Minister Abbas El Fassi speaking on behalf of Morocco 's King Mohammed VI expressed astonishment over the visits to the de-spoiled cities the official Moroccan news agency MAP said .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Salvador Allende	Chile	Salvador Allende became president of Chile .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	Tata Motors	Land Rover	Tata Motors completed its 2.3-billion-dollar acquisition of Jaguar and Land Rover from ailing US carmaker Ford in June .
per:title(e1,e2)	Jean-Luc Ponty	violinist	One such concert was in Warsaw where I dived in and improvised swing with Jean-Luc Ponty the great jazz violinist .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Girija Prasad Koirala	Nepali Congress	Girija Prasad Koirala ( ; 1925 20 March 2010 ) was a Prime Minister of Nepal and the President of the Nepali Congress a major political party .
no_relation	Finance	Wouter Bos	Dutch Prime Minister Jan Peter Balkenende and his former Belgian counterpart Yves Leterme Dutch Finance Minister Wouter Bos and Dutch central bank president Nout Wellink as well as several former Fortis bosses would almost definitely be among those called to give evidence FortisEffect lawyer Adriaan de Gier told AFP .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	United States	Piet Mondrian	After a visit to the United States of America in 1958 McCahon viewed paintings by Barnett Newman Jackson Pollock Mark Rothko Piet Mondrian and Willem de Kooning .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	TUT	Tallinn	On 17 February 2009 TUT Council decided to establish the Tallinn Law School ( in Estonian instituut ) beginning 1 July 2009 .
no_relation	Tata Motors	Land Rover	Tata Motors is to assemble its lowest-price Land Rover model in India to make it more affordable in an increasingly competitive South Asian market the Times of India newspaper said on Thursday .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	United States	George H. W. Bush	On August 24 1989 President of the United States George H. W. Bush nominated King as General Counsel of the Navy .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Juan Antonio	Chile	The Falange Nacional showed their centrist policies by supporting leftist Juan Antonio ( Radical Party of Chile ) in the 1942 presidential elections but Conservative Eduardo Cruz-Coke in the 1946 elections .
per:origin(e2,e1)	Pakistani	Saeed Anwar	He was impressive in the ODIs by scoring 96 in the 2nd ODI and 81 * in the 4th ODI and became the second Pakistani to carry his bat after Saeed Anwar .
org:city_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Quito	Central University of Ecuador	Together with his two brothers he moved to Quito in 1954 where he first attended Instituto Nacional High School and later the Central University of Ecuador where he gained his engineer degree in 1964 .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	DP World	Dubai World	The 1.5-billion-pound ( 2.4-billion-dollar 1.7-billion-euro ) London Gateway port project was put under review by DP World the ports subsidiary of state-owned investment group Dubai World during the Gulf emirate's recent financial woes .
no_relation	Mohamed ElBaradei	Israel	International Atomic Energy Agency chief Mohamed ElBaradei confirmed Monday that traces of uranium were found at a site reportedly bombed by Israel that the US has said was an almost completed plutonium-producing reactor .
per:spouse(e1,e2)	Alyson Hannigan	Alexis Denisof	. . but there is work to be done so let's get to it . . Alyson Hannigan ( Willow on Buffy ) her husband Alexis Denisof ( Wesley Windom Price on Buffy Angel ) and Amy Acker ( Fred Illyria on Angel ) were among the stars at the premiere of the new Joss Whedon movie Serenity : .
no_relation	Dizzee Rascal	Dirtee Stank	2006 he founded Chocolate Label ; an umbrella imprint which housed release under Dizzee Rascal 's Dirtee Stank Label .
per:origin(e1,e2)	Ho Chi Minh	Vietnam	The objective of the campaign was to prevent the transit of People's Army of Vietnam ( PAVN ) personnel and supplies on the logistical corridor known as the Ho Chi Minh Trail ( the Truong Son Road to the North Vietnamese ) that ran from the southwestern Democratic Republic of Vietnam ( North Vietnam ) through the southeastern portion of the Kingdom of Laos and into the Republic of Vietnam ( South Vietnam ) .
org:city_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Memphis	First Assembly Christian School	The Memphis area is home to many private college-prep schools : Briarcrest Christian School ( co-ed ) Christian Brothers High School ( boys ) Evangelical Christian School ( co-ed ) First Assembly Christian School ( co-ed ) Hutchison School ( girls ) Lausanne Collegiate School ( co-ed ) Memphis University School ( boys ) Saint Benedict at Auburndale ( co-ed ) St. George's Independent School ( co-ed ) St. Agnes Academy ( girls ) Bishop Byrne Middle and High School ( co-ed ) Immaculate Conception Cathedral School ( girls ) St. Mary's Episcopal School ( girls ) and Elliston Baptist Academy ( co-ed ) .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Russell	Montana	Russell came to Montana in 1880 at the age of 16 .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Alfred Speakman	Alberta	Alfred Speakman ( August 24 1880 November 4 1943 ) was a politician from Alberta Canada .
org:alternate_names(e1,e2)	National Express Coventry	Coventry	National Express Coventry operates a variety of different types of bus including single deckers double deckers and since 2003 articulated bendy-buses bought new for Coventry .
no_relation	FIBA Africa Championship	United Arab Republic	The FIBA Africa Championship 1962 was hosted by the United Arab Republic from March 24 to March 30 1962 .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Joe Comuzzi	Ontario	Joe Comuzzi the Liberal MP from Thunder Bay in northeastern Ontario said Tuesday he would support the budget although his party has decided to vote against it .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Charles Erwin Wilson	Defense	In 1953 President of the United States Dwight D. Eisenhower named GM president Charles Erwin Wilson as United States Secretary of Defense .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Bee Gees	Andy Gibb	The members of the British pop-rock-disco group Bee Gees : Barry Gibb Robin Gibb and Maurice Gibb and their younger brother singer Andy Gibb that was never a member of the group were raised in Australia only 100 km from the discovery site of this minor planet .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	Federal Aviation Administration	United States Department of Transportation	Chasey has a Commercial Pilot License Multi-Engine Rating and Instrument Rating from the Federal Aviation Administration of the United States Department of Transportation .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	USA	The Cars	In the early 1990s he moved to the USA settling in Boston where he worked with Benjamin Orr of The Cars among others .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Victor Wong	California	Victor Wong ( September 24 1906 in Los Angeles California - April 7 1972 in Los Angeles California ) was an American actor .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	e University of Vienn	r Ludwig Boltzman	Petronijevi? joined the Philosophical Society of th e University of Vienn a and studied unde r Ludwig Boltzman n .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	Adam and Company	Royal Bank of Scotland Group	Adam and Company Plc is a private banking house based in the United Kingdom part of the Royal Bank of Scotland Group .
per:origin(e1,e2)	Hokusai	Japanese	Long a site of worship and the subject of poetry and paintings -- perhaps best exemplified by Katsuhika Hokusai 's famous 19th century woodblock print Great Wave Off Kanagawa -- Fuji has a prominent place in Japanese cultural life that gives it the uniqueness sought by UNESCO government officials say .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Ohio	Sherrod Brown	This claim led to the Associated Press reporting on October 19 that Several Ohio television stations have stopped airing a Republican ad because state documents contradict the ad's accusation that Democratic U.S. Senate candidate Sherrod Brown did n't pay an unemployment tax bill for 13 years .
org:founded(e1,e2)	Tenix	1997	The Belgiorno-Nettis family kept the name Transfield and the construction side of the business while the Salteri family got the company's North Sydney headquarters and the defence operations which they then renamed as Tenix Defence Systems ( later Tenix Defence ) when Tenix was launched in November 1997 .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Park Jin-young	JYP Entertainment	There he was scouted by Park Jin-young a K-pop singer and the producer of JYP Entertainment at the Los Angeles Korean Music Festival .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Johnson County Transit	Johnson County	The Local Links routes are : The JO-Special Edition a shared ride program administered by Johnson County Transit provides affordable curb-to-curb transportation for residents of Johnson County who are sixty ( 60 ) years of age or older or have a documented disability or are within established low-income guidelines .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	Ubisoft	Ubisoft Montreal	In March 2005 Ubisoft acquired part of ( Canada ) and integrated it into Ubisoft Montreal .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	Reservists	Royal Victoria Regiment	In lower intensity areas such as East Timor and the Solomon Islands formed units of Reservists raised from personnel drawn from many units have been deployed on peacekeeping duties in order to relieve the pressure being placed upon the Regular Army and allowing them to focus on the higher intensity combat zones in Iraq and Afghanistan.During the second rotation to East Timor a company of Reservists was deployed based upon the 5th/6th and 8th/7th Battalions of the Royal Victoria Regiment and 2nd/17th Battalion Royal New South Wales Regiment .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	Beauregarde	Portland	Beauregarde enlisted Sage ( then 17 ) after overhearing him playing guitar for a friend's band at Sound Productions studio in Portland .
org:alternate_names(e1,e2)	Key Club	Pennsylvania	In March 2011 the Pennsylvania District of Key Club International elected Liu as the District Governor of all of Pennsylvania Key Club the highest of only three state officer positions .
org:members(e2,e1)	United Arab Emirates	FIFA U-17 World Cup	Japan Iran South Korea and the United Arab Emirates ( UAE ) booked their tickets to represent Asia at the 24-team FIFA U-17 World Cup Nigeria 2009 local media reported Tuesday .
org:members(e2,e1)	1st Brigade	Army	Instead of waiting on standby the 1st Brigade of the 82nd Airborne is deep in the swampy back woods of this vast Army training installation preparing to go to Iraq .
per:spouse(e2,e1)	Marcia Valentine	Jesse James	Bullock filed papers in Orange County Superior Court southern California requesting that 45-year-old Marcia Valentine not be allowed to come within 500 meters ( yards ) of her or husband Jesse James TMZ.com reported .
org:members(e1,e2)	Revelation Records	Gorilla Biscuits	The band was featured in the Revelation Records compilation album New York City Hardcore which featured several NYHC bands including Sick Of It All and Gorilla Biscuits .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Ma Ying-jeou	Kuomintang	Ma Ying-jeou former leader of Taiwan's main opposition party Kuomintang ( KMT ) established the headquarters for his 2008 Presidential campaign on Sunday according to local media reports .
per:title(e2,e1)	Chancellor	his	In 1997 Chancellor Vranitzky stepped back from office after more than 10 years in office to make way for the new generation being replaced by his former Finance Minister Viktor Klima who was sworn in during January .
org:members(e2,e1)	PUPR	Puerto Rico	PUPR is accredited by the Council of Higher Education of Puerto Rico Middle States Association of Colleges and Schools National Architectural Accrediting Board ( NAAB ) and the International Assembly for Collegiate Business Education ( IACBE ) .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	He	England	He reached his half century from 157 balls with five fours providing outstanding support for Collingwood and allowing England to hold out New Zealand's bowlers for most of the first session .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Jethro Tull	Martin Barre	2012 has seen Jonathan joining his old Jethro Tull bandmate Martin Barre for live shows across Europe .
per:title(e2,e1)	Prime Minister	Han Myeong-Sook	The consolidated defence command a meeting of some 200 top military and government officials presided over by Prime Minister Han Myeong-Sook said it would step up its 24-hour monitoring of nuclear facilities .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Mubadala Development Company	Abu Dhabi	LeasePlan is 50 percent owned by Volkswagen AG with the other half owned in equal parts by Mubadala Development Company of Abu Dhabi and the Olayan Group of Saudi Arabia .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Interdisciplinary Center	Herzliya	She studied law and political science at the Interdisciplinary Center Herzliya in Israel .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Black Francis	American	Charles Michael Kittridge Thompson IV ( born April 6 1965 ) known by the stage name Black Francis is an American singer songwriter and guitarist .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Thad Cochran	Mississippi	There also is grumbling in the House over $ 500 million obtained by the top Republican on the Senate Appropriations Committee Sen. Thad Cochran of Mississippi to restore barrier islands destroyed by Hurricane Katrina in 2005 along his state's coastline .
per:country_of_birth(e1,e2)	Lal	India	Kishori Lal ( died 11 July 1990 ) was a freedom fighter from Punjab India who operated with Bhagat Singh and the Hindustan Socialist Republican Association ( HSRA ) .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	He	Virginia	He was said to have been the first white man to have settled in the northern neck of Virginia .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	North-East Project	Mariangelo Foggiato	After being a long-time supporter of the Liga Veneta Lega Nord in 2004 he founded a new Venetist and fiscal federalist party called North-East Project ( Progetto NordEst PNE ) in which he welcomed many former Leghisti as Ettore Beggiato Mariangelo Foggiato and Diego Cancian .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	PCCW	Hong Kong	PCCW Hong Kong 's largest fixed-line telephone operator rocketed 26.9 percent to 3.68 HK dollars as Richard Li son of Hong Kong's richest tycoon Li Ka-shing and state-controlled China Netcom offered to buy part of PCCW they do n't control for 4.2 HK dollars a share .
org:city_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Mumbai	National Stock Exchange of India	This subsidiary has acquired membership of BSE and NSE and it has got SEBI registration also and got permission for trading from the Stock Exchange Mumbai and National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. Mumbai .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	France	Fontaine	France 's Anne-Celile Fontaine finished second .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Fatah	Yasser Arafat	Meanwhile responding to critics from his own movement Abbas promised that the PNA will continue searching for reasons behind the death of late president and Fatah founder Yasser Arafat .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Wayne Allard	Colorado	The six-term senator one of the last of the old bulls joins Republican Sens. John Warner of Virginia Chuck Hagel of Nebraska and Wayne Allard of Colorado on the sidelines for 2008 .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Singapore	Chartered Semiconductor Manufacturing	According to its website Temasek has majority stakes in Singapore Telecommunications Southeast Asia's largest telecom firm Singapore Airlines Neptune Orient Lines and Chartered Semiconductor Manufacturing .
per:spouse(e2,e1)	Tammy Grimes	Plummer	While his first wife Tammy Grimes is in labor Plummer goes out to steel his nerves with a drink and finds himself sitting next to Budd Schulberg who offers to cast him as the lead in his film about illegal egret hunting in the Everglades .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Janez	Slovenia	Its best known as the school of Janez former president of Slovenia born in Kisovec .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	Redford	Calgary	In 2004 Redford unsuccessfully challenged Member of Parliament Rob Anders for the federal Conservative nomination in Calgary West .
per:title(e2,e1)	President	John Sculley	Having joined Apple in 1980 he rose through the ranks in Apple's European operations as President of Apple Europe and was chosen to take over as CEO when John Sculley was ousted by Apple's board of directors in June 1993 .
no_relation	Knowle West	Tricky	Knowle West Boy is the eighth studio album by rapper and producer Tricky released by Domino Records on 7 July 2008 in Europe and 9 September 2008 in North America .
no_relation	Wellesley Hospital	University of Toronto	Dr M was in fact Dr. Murray Wilson an openly gay senior staff psychiatrist at Toronto's Wellesley Hospital from 1969 to 1985 and a former teacher of psychiatry at University of Ottawa and University of Toronto .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Parkside High School	United States	Parkside High School ( PHS ) is a four-year public high school in Salisbury Wicomico County Maryland United States .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Castro	Cuba	A year later on 24 February 2013 he was elected as First Vice President of the Council of State ; as such he is considered likely to eventually succeed Castro as President of Cuba .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	International Atomic Energy Agency	Hans Blix	Iran's Atomic Energy Organization ( IAEO ) expressed in a letter sent to secretary general of the International Atomic Energy Agency ( IAEA ) Hans Blix today its deep concern for the clear violation of the Comprehensive Test Ban Treaty ( CTBT ) by the United States .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Annandale High School	Annandale	She graduated from Annandale High School in Annandale Virginia in 1972 and earned a bachelor's degree in journalism from the University of Florida in 1975 .
org:members(e2,e1)	Hamburg Sea Devils	NFL Europa	Chambers initially retired from athletics after his doping ban and briefly tried his hand at American football as a backup wide receiver with the Hamburg Sea Devils in NFL Europa .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Republican	Roger Wicker	One-term Republican Senator Roger Wicker won re-election with 57.2 % of the vote in 2012 .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Francesco Cossiga	Italian Republic	Francesco Cossiga was elected head of state of the Italian Republic a role of representation of national unity and guarantee that Italian politics comply with the Constitution in the framework of a parliamentary system .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Osaka University	Japan	Since then Kiriko became enrolled in a graduate program at Osaka University in Japan with a major in International Public Relations .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	Fillmore	Buffalo	Fillmore however was a founding member of the Buffalo New York chapter of the American Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Los Angeles	Tom Bradley	In 1974 Ferraro ran unsuccessfully against fellow Councilman Edmund D. Edelman for a seat on the Los Angeles County Board of Supervisors and in 1985 he made a futile run against Tom Bradley for mayor .
org:alternate_names(e2,e1)	International Criminal Police Organization	INTERPOL	China is a member of the International Criminal Police Organization ( INTERPOL ) and has been a member of the INCB since 1984 .
per:origin(e1,e2)	Al Boasberg	American	Al Boasberg ( December 5 1891 June 18 1937 ) was an American comedy writer in vaudeville radio and film as well as being a film director .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Pune Institute of Computer Technology	Pune	This virtual tape library ( VTL ) is implemented by students of Pune Institute of Computer Technology Pune India .
org:founded_by(e1,e2)	Glock	Gaston	The indictment said from May 2000 through last February the men conspired to take about $ 3 million from Glock 's North American subsidiary Glock Inc. which is based in Smyrna about 16 miles northwest of Atlanta ; Consultinvest Inc. another Glock company ; and Gaston Glock founder of Austrian-based gunmaker Glock GmbH .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Shields	Seattle	Shields lives in Seattle with his wife and daughter .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	James Van Allen	University of Iowa	The existence of the belt was confirmed by the Explorer 1 and Explorer 3 missions in early 1958 under Dr. James Van Allen at the University of Iowa .
no_relation	Asturias	Estrada Cabrera	Asturias claims that Jorge Ubico y the dictator of Guatemala from 1931 to 1944 prohibited its publication because his predecessor Estrada Cabrera was my which meant that the book posed a danger to him as well .
org:top_members/employees(e1,e2)	News International	James Murdoch	Again evidence was given by John Yates and News International executives this time including Rebekah Brooks James Murdoch and Rupert Murdoch .
org:members(e1,e2)	Omaha-area	USHL	The two current Omaha-area teams are include the Omaha Lancers a USHL team that plays at the Omaha Civic Auditorium .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Republic	George Vasiliou	From 1988 until 1990 he served as special advisor to the President of the Republic of Cyprus George Vasiliou .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Buddy Clark	Columbia	The recording by Ray Noble and Buddy Clark was recorded on November 15 1946 and released by Columbia Records .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Fatah	West Bank	A senior Fatah leader in the West Bank on Tuesday urged Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas to declare a state of emergency pull Fatah out of the coalition with Hamas and call early elections .
org:founded(e1,e2)	AFL-CIO	1955	Just as the Cold War and the rise of anti-Communism led to the purge of leftists from the union CIO in the United States and the creation of the AFL-CIO in 1955 the same phenomenon in Canada led to the merger of the TLC and the CCL in 1956 to create the modern Canadian Labour Congress .
org:members(e1,e2)	NCAA	University of Houston	Guy Vernon Lewis II ( born March 19 1922 ) is a former NCAA basketball coach who led the University of Houston Cougars program for 30 years from 1956 to 1986 .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	Nikola Gruevski	Skopje	Macedonian President Branko Crvenkovski Prime Minister Nikola Gruevski and Interior Minister Gordana Jankulovska were rushed to the site of the crash 25 kilometers southeast of Skopje .
no_relation	2nd Light Horse Brigade	1930	The next day the New Zealand Mounted Rifles Brigade and the 2nd Light Horse Brigade which had served dismounted during the Gallipoli Campaign of the Australian Major General Henry G. Chauvel's Anzac Mounted Division reoccupied the Katia area unopposed.Powles 1922 p. 14 On 24 April the day after the Katia and Oghratina Chauvel commander of the Anzac Mounted Division was placed in command of all the advanced troops : the 2nd Light Horse Brigade and the New Zealand Mounted Rifles Brigades at Romani and an infantry division ; the 52nd ( Lowland ) at Dueidar.Falls 1930 p. 169 The infantry moved forward to Romani between 11 May and 4 June 1916 .
per:alternate_names(e1,e2)	Michael Ealy	Michael Brown	Michael Ealy Born : Michael Brown on Aug. 3 1973 in Silver Spring Md .
per:title(e1,e2)	Somare	Prime Minister	Parliamentary Speaker Jeffrey Nape is reported to have stated that Somare is an ordinary person and not a member of parliament a situation which would make O'Neill the legitimate Prime Minister .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Air Florida	Miami	Air Florida canceled all flights from Miami to Key West .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Bharrat Jagdeo	Guyana	Bharrat Jagdeo ( born 23 January 1964 ) is a Guyanese politician who was President of Guyana from 11 August 1999 to 3 December 2011 .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	St Kilda	Luke Ball	The destination of former St Kilda captain Luke Ball was also subject to much debate with Collingwood being the likely club after failing to secure a trade for him during the October trade week .
per:country_of_birth(e1,e2)	Hesse	Germany	Hesse was born into a family of observant Jews in Hamburg Germany .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Mahmoud Ahmadinejad	Iran	President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad says Iran is ready to halt its uranium enrichment program to begin negotiations .
no_relation	Iwerks Entertainment	Ub Iwerks	Iwerks Entertainment a filmographic company was founded in 1985 in honor of Ub Iwerks .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Defence	Peter MacKay	NATO must do more to find partners for its ISAF mission in Afghanistan Canadian Defence Minister Peter MacKay said Wednesday on a visit to the Netherlands .
org:alternate_names(e1,e2)	Port Authority Trans-Hudson	PATH	Immediately northeast of Journal Square CR 501/Kennedy Boulevard crosses over Port Authority Trans-Hudson ( PATH ) railroad tracks on an open-spandrel concrete arch bridge completed in 1926 .
per:title(e2,e1)	actress	Sally Field	10021 actress Sally Field 3655 McAnany Way Malibu CA. 90265 actress Sally Forrest 1125 Angelo Dr. Beverly Hills CA .
no_relation	Keane	1965	The Field is Jim Sheridan's 1990 film adaptation of John B. Keane 's 1965 play of the same name .
no_relation	He	Togo	He said that Togo 's presidential plane has been dispatched to Angola to take the team back to Lome .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Atlantic	Don Covay	In 1966 Burke teamed with fellow Atlantic artists Wilson Pickett Don Covay Otis Redding and Joe Tex to form a coalition called The Soul Clan .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Maroon 5	Adam Levine	Tris McCall of The Star-Ledger was more negative in his review commenting that the song sounds so much like Maroon 5 that it almost embarrassing and that in a music industry governed by sanity the two songwriters Adam Levine of Maroon 5 and Bart Millard of MercyMe would sing shoulder to shoulder and reach a common audience .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	School	St. Thomas	The money went to help open the UST School of Law featuring the prominent Schulze Grand Atrium as well as The Schulze School of Entrepreneurship part of the St. Thomas College of Business and located in Schulze Hall http://www.stthomas.edu/cob/schoolofentrepreneurship/default.html; both schools are in downtown Minneapolis .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Bank of Ireland	Dublin	The Central Bank of Ireland as an agency of the European Central Bank produces euro banknotes at its Currency Centre in Sandyford Industrial Estate Dublin .
no_relation	Methodist	AME	In 1787 Richard Allen and his colleagues in Philadelphia broke away from the Methodist Church and in 1815 founded the African Methodist Episcopal ( AME ) Church which along with independent black Baptist congregations flourished as the century progressed .
per:origin(e1,e2)	Jonas Salk	American	1914 : Jonas Salk the American microbiologist who developed a polio vaccine is born .
per:origin(e2,e1)	Cuban-born	Desi Arnaz	After years of relative anonymity Moreno became an overnight sensation with an alternative version of the song popularized for American audiences by the late Cuban-born artist Desi Arnaz who was best known for his role as Ricky Ricardo on the 1950s television comedy I Love Lucy in which he starred alongside his wife the famous actress and comedienne Lucille Ball .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	William Howard Taft	United States	Bell anchored his reasoning on Supreme Court precedent especially Chief Justice William Howard Taft 's opinion in Myers vs. United States ( 1926 ) .
no_relation	Secret Affair	London	In June 2002 Bultitude joined a reformed Secret Affair for three gigs including a performance at London 's Shepherds Bush Empire .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Chiba University	Chiba	The lineage was developed on 27 March 1962 by Yasumura and Kawakita at the Chiba University in Chiba Japan .
org:founded(e1,e2)	Highline High School	1924	The district's first school Highline High School opened in 1924 .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	William	Navy	Cornwallis's brother William then with the Royal Navy in the area sailed from Penang to pick up troops in India for its defence .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Peter Lougheed	Alberta	After the election Foster was appointed by Premier Peter Lougheed appointed Foster to the Executive Council of Alberta to serve in his first cabinet as the first Minister of Advanced Education after he split the Education portfolio in two .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e2,e1)	Illinois	him	D.C. Cregier Lodge No. 81 in Wheeling Illinois is named after him .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Gazprom	Russia	Alexander Valeryevich Dyukov ( ) is Chairman of the management Board of Gazprom Neft one of Russia top-5 vertically integrated oil companies by production and amongst the largest oil companies in the world by proven reserves .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e2,e1)	Massachusetts	Calvin Coolidge	The 1920 National Convention of the Republican Party of the United States nominated Ohio Senator Warren G. Harding for President and Massachusetts Governor Calvin Coolidge for Vice President .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	Sukarno	Jakarta	That night Hatta and Sukarno returned to Jakarta where at Maeda's house they worked on the Proclamation of Independence .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	BBC Worldwide	BBC Knowledge	BBC Worldwide launched two new Australian channels BBC Knowledge ( documentary and non-fiction programming ) and CBeebies ( an advertising-free channel for 0 to six year-olds ) on 1 November 2008 .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Italy	University of Trieste	Giordano received his medical degree from the University of Naples Italy and his doctorate in Pathology from the University of Trieste Medical School .
org:founded_by(e1,e2)	Discovery Health	Canada	A version of DHC was set up in Canada as well ; Discovery Health Canada was a joint venture between Canadian media giant CW Media and Discovery Communications Inc ; it evolved into Twist TV on November 2 2010 .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	UTM	Johor	UTM has two campuses - the main campus is in Skudai and was the first university in the state of Johor .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	SFR	France	Fon and SFR ( Neuf Cegetel ) launched Fon on Wi-Fi routers throughout France .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	Lane	London	Lane and Marriott met in 1965 while Marriott was working at the J60 Music Bar in Manor Park London .
org:founded_by(e1,e2)	Robert Wood Johnson Foundation	Robert Wood Johnson	In 1981 he was named a trustee of the Robert Wood Johnson Foundation the health care foundation created by Robert Wood Johnson II the last member of the family to run the company .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Cyrus	Kentucky	Cyrus served as executive secretary and treasurer of the Kentucky AFL-CIO from 1984 to 1986 and was employed as a rigger with Armco Steel Ashland Works .
org:top_members/employees(e2,e1)	Michael Ming-Chiao Lai	NCKU Hospital	The opening ceremony of the public art work Window of Firmamentby artist Aso Hideho is held at 8:30 am December 8th in the Culture Hall of the Clinic Building of NCKU Hospital where President Michael Ming-Chiao Lai Senior Executive Vice-President Hwung-Hweng Hwung Superintendent Pin-Wen Lin of NCKU Hospital Dean Chyi-Her Lin of College of Medicine artist Aso Hideho and creator Lin Shuen-Long from DADA Art as well as teachers students and personnel from NCKU Hospital have attended the event .
per:origin(e2,e1)	Dutch	minister Kamp	In an open letter to De Volkskrant on the day of the Dutch elections defense minister Kamp said the news about possible mistreatment was deceptive and that the editor of De Volkskrant should feel being misused by the sources for this story .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Vernon	Wisconsin	Vernon attended Memorial High School in Eau Claire Wisconsin graduating in 1999 .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Nevada	UNLV Rebels	Nevada is not well known for its professional sports but the state takes pride in college sports most notably the UNLV Rebels ( representing the University of Nevada Las Vegas ) of the Mountain West Conference and the Nevada Wolf Pack ( representing the University of Nevada Reno ) also of the Mountain West Conference .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Prachanda	Nepal	Maoist chairman Prachanda appeared at the prime minister residence Baluwatar for the peace talk and said that he was there to establish a new kind of democracy in Nepal but he did reveal details .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Dirk Kempthorne	Interior	They came to Idaho as guests of Dirk Kempthorne the state's governor and former U.S. Senator who later became a member of Bush's cabinet as Secretary of the Interior .
org:founded(e2,e1)	2005	Magna Powertrain	In 2005 Magna Powertrain was founded by the merging Magna Drivetrain Tesma International and the Engineering Center Steyr ( ECS ) .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Indiana University of Pennsylvania	Indiana	Recent exhibitions include : 2012 Scenes of Johnstown and Cambria County Bottle Works Art Works Johnstown PA 2011 Across the Alleghenies Pennsylvania Governor Residence Harrisburg PA 2010 100th Annual Exhibition Associated Artists of Pittsburgh the Carnegie Museum of Art Pittsburgh PA 2010 Paint Pixels : Oil paintings of Ron Donoughe and Graphic Design of Don Donoughe The University Museum at Indiana University of Pennsylvania Indiana PA 2009 A Changing Landscape Ron Donoughe and Kevin Kutz Southern Alleghenies Museum of Art Ligonier PA 2008 2010 Nomadas Del Arte Sage Creek Gallery Santa Fe NM and Dallas TX Donoughe also exhibited in the Art in Embassies Program in the Slovak Republic in 2008 as well as at the Rhineland Industrial Museum in Germany in 2008 .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Ecuador	Rafael Correa	jpg | Ecuador Rafael Correa President File : Jagdeo03032007 .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	George Washington	Continental Army	This miniseries covers the life of George Washington from the time he is a young man through his experiences in the French and Indian War and his rise to lead the Continental Army during the American Revolution .
no_relation	V Corps	Joseph T. Dickman	General John J. Pershing Commanding I Corps Major General Hunter Liggett Commanding III Corps Major General Robert L. Bullard Commanding V Corps Major General George H. Cameron Commanding In Reserve General John J. Pershing Army Group Commander Lieutenant General Hunter Liggett Commanding I Corps Major General Joseph T. Dickman Commanding 77th Division III Corps Major General John L. Hines Commanding 3rd Division 32nd Division V Corps Major General Charles P. Summerall Commanding 1st Division 29th Division 80th Division Lieutenant General Robert L. Bullard Commanding IV Corps Major General Charles H. Muir Commanding 4th Division 28th Division 37th Division VI Corps Major General Charles C. Ballou Commanding ( Note : With the exception of one brigade from the 88th Division VI Corps did not actively participate in the battle .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Cuba	Mario Menocal	He was the son of General Emilio Vice President of Cuba during the second administration of General Mario Menocal and who was also Governor of Havana as well as Minister of Agriculture .
org:members(e2,e1)	Utah Utes	University of Utah	The 2012 13 Utah Utes men's basketball team represented the University of Utah during the 2012 13 NCAA Division I men's basketball season .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Education	Margaret Spellings	Education Secretary Margaret Spellings credited the program for producing higher student test scores nationally .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	United Kingdom	Megabus	An established brand for no-frills service in the United Kingdom since 2003 Stagecoach Group through subsidiary Coach USA introduced the Megabus brand in March 2006 .
org:members(e2,e1)	St. Louis Maroons	Union Association	From 1884 1885 Gleason played for the St. Louis Maroons during their only season in the Union Association and their first in the National League .
per:spouse(e1,e2)	Jake	Reese	Jake 28 and Reese 33 held hands as they walked around with a salesgirl looking at high-end lamps and other home accessories an observer tells Star .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Australia	Alexander Downer	Australia 's Foreign Minister Alexander Downer .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Health and Human Services	Donna Shalala	University of Miami President and former Clinton cabinet Secretary of Health and Human Services Donna Shalala along with former Republican Senator Bob Dole were appointed by President George W. Bush to lead the President's Commission on Care for America's Returning Wounded Warriors an investigative panel regarding the various allegations .
no_relation	Illinois	Stevens	Q called Illinois a sizeable step forward from Michigan and said Stevens ' love for the state of Illinois is infectious .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Kuomintang	Ma Ying-jeou	But in 2005 he strongly opposed his son to run for Kuomintang 's Chairmanship and even threat to commit suicide if Ma Ying-jeou would not give up his candidacy .
no_relation	Cecilia	New York	Consul General Cecilia Rebong branded as false and completely without basis the reports linking the consulate to the controversial New York visit .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Collegio Borromeo	Pavia	He was educated at the Almo Collegio Borromeo Pavia then at the University of Pavia where he received his doctorate in canon and civil law ( utroque iure ) .
org:city_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Nashville	Great American Country	Eventually he was hired to do backup music work with Leonard Wolf for the Nashville based GAC Network ( Great American Country ) .
per:origin(e1,e2)	Francesca Gagnon	Canadian	Francesca Gagnon ( born August 6 1957 ) is a Canadian singer and theatre actress featured in Cirque du Soleil's and Midnight Sun .
no_relation	Hu	President	Hu is due to touch down with his wife Liu Yongqing in the early afternoon at Paris's Orly airport where he will be met by French President Nicolas Sarkozy and First Lady Carla Bruni-Sarkozy and receive military honours .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	John Curtin	Australia	John Curtin Prime Minister of Australia for much of World War II was local federal member of parliament from 1928 to 1931 and 1934 to 1945 .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	He	Khmer Rouge	He remained in the top tier of the Khmer Rouge movement through its four-year rule in the late 1970s and through the civil war that continued until the time of his surrender at the end of the 1990s .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Alex Lifeson	Anthem	Victor is a solo album by Rush guitarist Alex Lifeson under the name Victor released January 9 1996 on Atlantic Records outside of Canada and Anthem Records within Canada .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	El Moudjahid	Algeria	During the Algerian war of independence ( 1954 62 ) he was involved with the creation of El Moudjahid -- the FLN bulletin that evolved into independent Algeria 's main French language daily -- as well as with radio transmissions and other propaganda efforts .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	Thomas Jefferson	Charlottesville	Interment at Thomas Jefferson 's home Monticello family cemetery in Charlottesville Virginia .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Portuguese Armed Forces	Portugal	However with the start of the Portuguese Colonial War home in Angola he was summoned to serve in the Portuguese Armed Forces and decided to flee Portugal .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Badminton School	Bristol	Badminton School is an independent boarding and day school for girls aged 3 to 18 years situated in Westbury-on-Trym Bristol England .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Energy	Samuel Bodman	In front of more than 300 oilmen the NPC was expected to deliver the long-awaited conclusions of a study commissioned by U.S. Energy Secretary Samuel Bodman .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Peter Hammill	Naive	Enter K is an album by Peter Hammill originally released on the Naive Records label in Oct 1982 .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	Paul Meany	New Orleans	Earthsuit began in 1995 as a collaboration between Adam LaClave and Paul Meany who began composing music together after being introduced at a church in New Orleans .
per:alternate_names(e2,e1)	Lena Mary Calhoun Horne	Horne	Born Lena Mary Calhoun Horne June 30 1917 in Brooklyn New York Horne 's parents divorced when she was three years old .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e2,e1)	North Carolina	Richard Burr	Although he had the support of North Carolina 's two Republican senators Elizabeth Dole and Richard Burr Judge Conrad ran into immediate opposition from Senate Democrats and liberal groups such as People for the American Way and the Alliance for Justice .
no_relation	f Aktion Reinhar	y Decembe	Although Che?mno was not part o f Aktion Reinhar d Jews from the General Government were sent to this death camp between earl y Decembe r 1941 until mid-January 1942 .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	; University of Murci	1 Murci	Phenolic-rich juice prevents DNA single-strand breakage and cytotoxicity caused by tert-butylhydroperoxide in U937 cells : the role of iron chelation Francisco J. Garcia-Alonsoa Andrea Guidarellib J. Periagoaa Food Science and Nutrition Department Faculty of Veterinary ; University of Murci a Campus de Espinardo 3007 1 Murci a Spainb Institute of Pharmacology and Pharmacognosy University of Urbinob Carlo BoQ 61029 Urbino ( PU ) Italy Received 27 April 2006 ; received in revised form 16 August 2006 ; accepted 22 August 2006 Abstract The antioxidant potential of phenolic compounds is generally linked to their ability to scavenge free radicals .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	158th Fighter Wing	Vermont	The 134th Fighter Squadron ( 134 FS ) is a unit of the Vermont Air National Guard 158th Fighter Wing located at Burlington Air National Guard Base Burlington Vermont .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	Southern New England Telephone	sprint	The company expanded and became the Connecticut Telephone Company then the Southern New England Telephone Company ( now part of sprint ) .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Florida Army National Guard	Florida	Coach Klein's ( Henry Winkler's ) office was a stage built inside of the Florida Army National Guard Armory in Deland Florida .
org:members(e1,e2)	Hong Kong First Division	TSW Pegasus	Ayock Louis Berty ( born November 21 1981 in Cameroon ) is a Cameroonian football midfielder who was released by Hong Kong First Division League club TSW Pegasus in 2009 .
no_relation	GMC	Wuling	The GM which holds a string of brands such as Buick Cadillace Chevrolet GMC GM Daewoo HUMMER Opel Pontiac Saab Saturn Vauxhall and Wuling sells and services in some 140 countries .
per:origin(e2,e1)	Australia	Joseph Lyons	In 1939 he was elected to the Australian House of Representatives in a by-election for the United Australia Party-held seat of Wilmot ( caused by the death of Prime Minister Joseph Lyons ) ; Spurr contested the seat for the Labor Party and defeated three UAP candidates ( including former MPs Donald Charles Cameron and Allan Guy ) to narrowly take the seat .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Hinchingbrooke School	Cambridgeshire	Hinchingbrooke School is a large school situated on the outskirts of Huntingdon in Cambridgeshire .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	DFB-Pokal	Germany	The Frauen DFB-Pokal 1997 98 was the 18th season of the cup competition Germany 's second-most important title in women's football .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	GeoEye	Virginia	GeoEye 's headquarters are in Herndon Virginia .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	United States	Health	China and the United States have had negotiations on food and drug security recently including the latest visit by Rich MeKeown chief of staff for the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services from Aug. 1 to 3 .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	Ospina	bogota	Upon his return to Colombia in 1914 Ospina contacted the leadership of the Colombian Conservative Party and was nominated to run for the office of Counselor to the City Council of bogota representing the Conservative Party .
no_relation	Art Tatum	Coleman Hawkins	Stoller also recorded with Art Tatum Roy Eldridge Oscar Peterson Coleman Hawkins Ben Webster ( see Coleman Hawkins Encounters Ben Webster ) Benny Carter Herb Ellis and Erroll Garner among many other jazz greats .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Pakistan	Chaudhry Muhammad Ali	However the new constitution was followed by political turmoil in Pakistan which saw a succession of four prime ministers - Chaudhry Muhammad Ali Huseyn Shaheed Suhrawardy Ibrahim Ismail Chundrigar and Sir Feroz Khan Noon - in a period of two years .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	Anderson	Baltimore	Anderson attended primary schools in Baltimore and Glencoe Illinois .
per:alternate_names(e1,e2)	Alex Kapranos	Franz Ferdinand	Previous line ups included Alex Kapranos ( Franz Ferdinand ) .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	He	St. Louis	He was originally known as H Thugz and was in the St. Louis Missouri group Without Warning on 49 Productions with M.G.D. Mysphit .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Bank of Japan	Tokyo	The Bank of Japan injected another 2 trillion yen ( 18.87 billion U.S. dollars ) into the Tokyo money market Friday for the fourth straight day to stabilize the disrupted financial market .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	TTC	Toronto	From 1997 to 2011 the TTC employed Special Constables that were responsible for safety and security and had similar policing powers to Toronto Police Service officers .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Agriculture	Ann Veneman	Muscle cuts of meat have almost no risk Agriculture Secretary Ann Veneman said .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	New Zealand	New Zealand national rugby league team	The 1998 New Zealand rugby league tour of Great Britain was a tour by the New Zealand national rugby league team .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Health	Chua Soi Lek	Colorectal cancer had overtaken lung cancer as the number one killer for men in Malaysia last year Malaysian Health Minister Chua Soi Lek said here on Monday .
org:top_members/employees(e2,e1)	Bill Bryson	its	American writer Bill Bryson the university's chancellor said its recovery was wonderful news .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Venezuela	Hugo	Venezuela 's populist president Hugo has taken a hostile approach to relations with the United States in recent years wrote Richard F. Grimmett a specialist in national defense at the Congressional Research Service .
per:country_of_birth(e2,e1)	Australia	Billy Hughes	Future Prime Minister of Australia Billy Hughes was the member for Sydney-Lang from 1894 to 1901 when he resigned to enter Federal parliament .
org:members(e2,e1)	Buffalo Bulls	Division I	The 2006 Buffalo Bulls football team represented the University at Buffalo in the 2006 NCAA Division I FBS college football season .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Navy	Frank Knox	While at Scapa Flow 21 September 1943 she was inspected by US Secretary of the Navy Frank Knox and Admiral Harold Rainsford Stark .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Kuomintang	Chiang Kai-shek	The Nationalist ( Kuomintang ) government fled the mainland to Taiwan after its troops led by Chiang Kai-shek were defeated by the Chinese Communist forces of Mao Zedong in 1949 at the end of a civil war .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	Eppler	hamburg	From 1973 to 1981 Eppler was the leader of the regional SPD in hamburg .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Robert Fico	Slovakia	Slovak Prime Minister Robert Fico compared to the soldiers invading Czechoslovakia : In 1968 Hungarian tanks were coming to Slovakia .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Willie Nelson	Columbia	Take It to the Limit is an album by Willie Nelson with Waylon Jennings released in 1983 on Columbia Records .
org:founded_by(e2,e1)	Stacy Codikow	POWER UP	Founded in 2000 by Stacy Codikow and Amy Shomer POWER UP promotes the visibility of lesbians in entertainment and the media .
org:members(e2,e1)	Duquesne	Division I	In recent years Duquesne football was a member of the NCAA Division I Metro Atlantic Athletic Conference .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	India	Tata Group	Anglo-Dutch firm Corus was bought last year by India 's Tata Steel -- part of the sprawling Tata Group conglomerate -- for 13.7 billion dollars .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	Francis Cornwall Sherman	Chicago	Francis Cornwall Sherman ( September 18 1805 November 7 1870 ; buried in Graceland Cemetery ) served as Mayor of Chicago Illinois three terms ( 1841 1842 1862 1865 ) for the Democratic Party .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Philippines	Apolinario Mabini	1899 Constitution of the Philippines The president of the revolutionary government led by Emilio Aguinaldo appointed the sublime paralytic Apolinario Mabini as the first President of the Council of Government through a decree issued January 2 1899 .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Jersey City	Bret Schundler	The school was run independently of the Jersey City Public Schools since it opened in September 2001 and was shut down in June 2010 after receiving notice from Acting Commissioner of Education Bret Schundler that the charter would be withdrawn as the school had failed to achieve its goals including having less than 5 % of graduating seniors reaching the proficient level on the language arts and mathematics components of the High School Proficiency Assessment .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Liverpool John Moores University	England	One recent study by the late Thomas Reilly and his colleagues at the Research Institute for Sport and Exercise Sciences at Liverpool John Moores University in England found that people's maximum heart rates and sub-maximal heart rates were lower in the morning but that their perception of how hard they were working was the same in the morning as it was later in the day .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	University of Kansas	Lawrence	The Geological Society of America Inc. : Boulder ( Colorado ) and The University of Kansas : Lawrence ( Kansas ) .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	he	New Hampshire	In 1826 he entered Northampton Law School in Northampton Massachusetts and he later studied under Governor Levi Woodbury and Judge Edmund Parker in their practice in Amherst New Hampshire .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Yen Chia-kan	Republic	1974 : Vice President Yen Chia-kan and Mrs. Yen leave for Managua to attend the inauguration of Gen. Anastasio Somoza Debayle as the new president of the Republic of Nicaragua .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Pete Domenici	New Mexico	But as a policy it was half a loaf and abused by insurance companies as Senator Pete Domenici a New Mexico Republican said in an interview recently .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Maurice Tougas	Edmonton	Maurice Tougas is a Canadian politician who formerly represented the electoral district of Edmonton Meadowlark in the Legislative Assembly of Alberta .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Rhodes	Infinite Bloom	Rhodes released her Mercury-nominated debut solo album Beloved One on her own label Infinite Bloom in 2006 .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	University of Missouri	Columbia	When the University of Missouri System was established the existing institutions the University of Missouri in Columbia and its offshoot the Missouri School of Mines and Metallurgy in Rolla were renamed the University of Missouri Columbia and the University of Missouri Rolla .
no_relation	producer	Michael Moore	There is a film producer who has worked for years chasing down Michael Moore in an effort to interview him .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Vladimir Putin	United Russia	MOSCOW -- Russian Prime Minister Vladimir Putin 's United Russia party won a number of regional and local elections results showed Monday .
org:founded_by(e2,e1)	Bill Moggridge	IDEO	Among the academic advisors of Interaction Ivrea were leading practitioners and theorists like John Maeda Ranjit Makkuni Joy Mountford John Thackara Bill Verplank Bill Moggridge ( co-founder of IDEO ) and David Liddle ( co-founder of Interval Research ) .
per:title(e2,e1)	actress	Virginia Cherrill	They had one child : Lord Jersey then married American actress Virginia Cherrill on 30 July 1937 the ex-wife of Cary Grant ; they were divorced in 1946 without having had issue .
per:cities_of_residence(e2,e1)	Pittsburgh	Scaife	Remember the kooks on this try to ignore that Kangas definitely purchased a gun in Las Vegas took a bus instead of a plane to Pittsburgh ( so that he would not set off metal detectors ) and hung out in the bathroom on Scaife 's floor .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	John Curtin	Western Australia	Named after the former Prime Minister of Australia John Curtin it is also the largest University in Western Australia .
org:alternate_names(e1,e2)	1st Marine Aircraft Wing	MAW	They are currently composed of two squadrons that provide the 1st Marine Aircraft Wing ( 1st MAW ) and III Marine Expeditionary Force with complete airfield operation services ( less air traffic control ) engineer and transportation support medical assistance food services security support and other direct combat and combat service support to the Aviation Combat Element .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	New Zealand	the New Zealand Herald	APN operates radio stations and outdoor advertising sites and publishes newspapers in Australia and New Zealand including the New Zealand Herald .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Abdullah Mehsud	Taliban	Zainuddin joined Abdullah Mehsud his cousin after Abdullah attempted to assert his leadership of the Pakistani Taliban in the wake of Nek Muhammad Wazir's death in 2004 .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Chittagong University	Chittagong	Chittagong University of Engineering Technology is the only public Engineering University in Chittagong division and one of the four public engineering universities in Bangladesh established in 1968 .
org:founded(e1,e2)	Instinct	1997	An Instinct for the Kill by Antonella Gambotto-Burke HarperCollins 1997 ( back cover ) .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	ABC	News	Reporter Steve Osunsami of ABC News was a reporter with KOMO-TV in the mid 1990s .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	House	Spyros Kyprianou	He was director of the President Office of the House of Representatives from 1991 to 2001 during the presidency terms of Alexis Galanos and the late Spyros Kyprianou .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Albert Ritchie	Maryland	He later graduated from the University of Maryland Law School in 1932 and was admitted to the bar in 1933 Meade served as secretary to Albert Ritchie Governor of Maryland in 1934 .
no_relation	1945	Newhall	On January 13 1945 the California State Board of Education approved the petitions of five Santa Clarita Valley school districts Newhall Saugus Castaic Mint Canyon and Sulphur Springs to form the Santa Clarita Union High School District .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	United States	Jefferson	Following its victory in the Revolutionary War and peace treaty with Great Britain in 1783 the United States formed a Congress of the Confederation ( informally called the Continental Congress ) to which Jefferson was appointed as a Virginia delegate .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	ArmaLite	United States	Soon after leaving ArmaLite Eugene Stoner one of the United States ' most prolific modern military small arms designers responsible for the design of the AR-15 / M16 assault rifles AR-10 battle rifle and AR-5 survival rifle among others Kokalis Peter : Weapons Tests And Evaluations : The Best Of Soldier Of Fortune page 160 .
no_relation	1	I	It is number 1 on my hate list that is 2 items long I ` m sorry about item # 2 but I am an old fashioned guy .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Ma Ying-jeou	Kuomintang	Event : Inauguration of Ma Ying-jeou 's Taipei workshop Date and Time : 10:00 a.m. Sunday March 18 2007 Place : 4th floor 55 Section 4 Xinyi Road Taipei City Main speaker : Former Kuomintang Chairman Ma Ying-jeou Taipei Mayor Hao Lung-bin Press Contact : Lo Chih-chen Mobilephone : 0922-016252 .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Connecticut	Christopher Dodd	Richard Blumenthal a veteran Democratic state attorney general beat Republican Linda McMahon former chief executive officer of World Wrestling Entertainment Inc. to capture the Connecticut Senate seat of retiring Democrat Christopher Dodd .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	Basic Channel	Rhythm Sound	Berlin-based dub techno label Basic Channel has subsidiary labels called Rhythm Sound and Burial Mix whose lyrics strongly focus on many aspects of Rastafari culture and ideology including the acceptance of Haile Selassie I. Notable tracks include Jah Rule Mash Down Babylon We Be Troddin ' and See Mi Yah .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	San Marcos Baptist Academy	San Marcos	He studied at Brownwood High School Brownwood Texas and San Marcos Baptist Academy in San Marcos Texas .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	The Triffids	Perth	Love In Bright Landscapes is an anthology of The Triffids ' songs from their album EP and single releases in the period 1983 - 1985 during which time the group were resident in Perth Sydney and London .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Staff	Mack McLarty	White House Chief of Staff Mack McLarty and the White House counsels thus decided to fire the Travel Office staff and reorganize it .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Police Combat Diving Unit	Malacca	Besides the force also created the maritime police special forces known as Police Combat Diving Unit or Unit Selam Tempur who tasked the security of Straits of Malacca Sulu Sea and South China Sea from the piracy activities and terrorism .
per:origin(e2,e1)	Nigeria	Sani Abacha	Commodore ( retired ) Emmanuel A. Acholonu was Administrator of Katsina State in Nigeria from December 1993 to August 1996 during the military regime of General Sani Abacha .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Defence Services Technological Academy	Myanmar	The Defence Services Technological Academy ( DSTA ) ( ) located in Pyin-Oo-Lwin Myanmar is the premier technological university of the Myanmar Armed Forces .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Israel	Yitzhak Rabin	Peres is Israel 's veteran statesman a two-time prime minister who was awarded the Nobel Peace Prize in 1994 alongside then prime minister Yitzhak Rabin and Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat for his role in negotiating the 1993 Oslo accords .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Beata Moon	Indiana	Beata Moon ( b. 1969 North Dakota ) is a classical pianist and composer raised in Indiana making her debut at age 8 with the Indianapolis Symphony Orchestra .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Yitzhak Rabin	Israel	Speaking at a ceremony marking the anniversary of the assassination of Prime Minister Yitzhak Rabin by a Jewish extremist the current Israeli prime minister said Rabin understood that if we want to maintain Israel as a democratic Jewish state we must concede to a lack of choice and to our great torments and give up parts of our homeland for which we dreamt for generations of yearning and prayers .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	Colorado Midland Railway	Colorado	The Colorado Midland Railway came first under the control of the Atchison Topeka and Santa Fe Railway in 1890 later the Colorado Southern Railway and the Denver and Rio Grande Railroad in 1900 .
per:spouse(e2,e1)	Charles Edward Duke of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha	Princess Victoria Adelaide of Schleswig-Holstein	Prince Hubertus of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha ( 24 August 1909 26 November 1943 ) was a member of the House of Saxe-Coburg-Gotha the second eldest son of Charles Edward Duke of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha and his wife Princess Victoria Adelaide of Schleswig-Holstein .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	United Russia	Vladimir Putin	We are waiting for May 7 when there will be the inauguration of the new president and May 8 when there will be the confirmation of the prime ministerial candidacy of the leader of the United Russia list Vladimir Putin Gryzlov was quoted as saying by Russia's three national news agencies .
per:spouse(e1,e2)	John Adams	Abigail Adams	WITH : Paul Giamatti ( John Adams ) Laura Linney ( Abigail Adams ) Stephen Dillane ( Thomas Jefferson ) Tom Wilkinson ( Benjamin Franklin ) and David Morse ( George Washington ) .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	He	G-Unit	He is signed to 50 Cent's record label G-Unit Records and recently signed a deal with EMI to release his second untitled album .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Le Moyne College	Syracuse	He attended Le Moyne College in Syracuse New York where he graduated in 1967 with a bachelor's degree in economics .
per:country_of_birth(e1,e2)	Gordon Michael Woolvett	Canada	Gordon Michael Woolvett ( born June 12 1970 ) is a Canadian-born actor from Hamilton Ontario Canada best known for his work as Seamus Zelazny Harper on the television series Andromeda ( 2000 2005 ) .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Antonio Saca	El Salvador	Presidents Martin Torrijos of Panama Oscar Berger of Guatemala Manuel Zelaya of Honduras and Antonio Saca of El Salvador came to attend the celebration .
org:alternate_names(e2,e1)	The Hongkong and Shanghai Banking Corporation	its	The Hongkong and Shanghai Banking Corporation opened its first Indonesian office in Jakarta in 1884 .
no_relation	they	Wolverhampton	Edinburgh took part in the first Premier League Promotion Play off in 2008 when they faced Wolverhampton .
org:top_members/employees(e2,e1)	Anna Wintour	Vogue	As Anna Wintour editor in chief of American Vogue has said No one but Narciso has ever made a simple line look more stunning .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	Leeds Teaching Hospitals NHS Trust	Chapel Allerton Hospital	It is part of the Leeds Teaching Hospitals NHS Trust along with the Leeds General Infirmary ( LGI ) Seacroft Hospital Wharfedale Hospital Chapel Allerton Hospital and until April 2008 ( when it closed ) Cookridge Hospital .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Geir Haarde	Iceland	Lawmakers voted 33-30 to refer charges against former Prime Minister Geir Haarde for allegedly failing to prevent Iceland 's 2008 financial crash that toppled the government brought protests and crippled the national currency .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	EuroHockey Nations Championship	Germany	Squad selected for 2011 EuroHockey Nations Championship in Monchengladbach Germany .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Nasr	Cairo	He died on March 28 2010 when a speeding car hit him as he was crossing Salah Salem Street in Nasr City in Cairo Egypt on his way to train the Egyptian national rowing team .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Jacques Parizeau	Parti	He then left to become an adviser on ecology for Jacques Parizeau then leader of the Parti and Leader of the Opposition in the National Assembly of Quebec .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	He	Philippines	He is also one of the earlier pioneers of drum and bass in the Philippines under the name Loop Theory .
org:founded_by(e1,e2)	Charterhouse school	Thomas Sutton	LMA's holdings of charities records date from the early 17th century and include notable foundations such as Archbishop Tenison's Grammar School the Corporation of the Sons of the Clergy and Sutton's Hospital ( Charterhouse school ) which was founded by Thomas Sutton in 1611 for the benefit of distressed gentlemen and the education of poor boys .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Ward	BBI	In addition to Ward 's work on several occasions in 2000 Jim Daron the Washington cop who also worked for BBI submitted reports to BBI for surveillance of Greenpeace's offices .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e2,e1)	Montana	Conrad Burns	Ecton was the last Republican U.S. senator from Montana until the election in 1988 of Conrad Burns who served from 1989 to 2007 .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Mitch McConnell	Kentucky	The Senate Republican leader Mitch McConnell of Kentucky and Sen. Jon Kyl of Arizona the chief Republican architect of the bill kept plugging for a deal .
org:alternate_names(e1,e2)	Eminem	Shady	It is best known for producing both of Marshall Eminem Mathers ' independent albums Infinite and The Slim Shady EP demo before he signed to Dr. Dre's Aftermath Entertainment and also released The Slim Shady LP and currently Recovery under Web .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e2,e1)	Mississippi	Burnside	After the death of Kimbrough and the burning of Kimbrough's juke joint in Chulahoma Mississippi Burnside quit recording studio material for Fat Possum though he did continue to tour .
no_relation	Thailand	Chuan Leekpai	Named on 7 May 1998 governor of the Bank of Thailand by Tarrin Nimmanhaeminda Chuan Leekpai government's finance minister Chatumongol was later sacked on 30 May 2001 by the Thaksin Shinawatra government .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Universidad Popular de la Chontalpa	Tabasco	The Popular University of Chontalpa ( in Spanish : Universidad Popular de la Chontalpa ) popularly known as UPCh is a public coeducational university located in the city of Tabasco Mexico .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	I-GO	Chicago	Among others I-GO has worked closely with the Chicago Transit Authority City of Chicago and Chicago Park District .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Anarbor	Hopeless Records	On May 6 2013 Anarbor announced that their new album would be called Burnout and that it would be released via Hopeless Records on June 4 .
per:cities_of_residence(e2,e1)	1868	Benjamin Disraeli	In 1865 he became Conservative MP for Londonderry City until 1868 when he was appointed a Lord of the Treasury in Benjamin Disraeli 's first ministry .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Anote Tong	Kiribati	Anote Tong was returned as president of the Pacific island country of Kiribati with an overwhelming majority in Wednesday's national election it was announced Thursday .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Szeto Wah	Hong Kong	Szeto Wah the chairman of the Hong Kong Alliance in Support of Patriotic Democratic Movements in China announced the number to the huge crowd which beat organisers ' expectations .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Monica	Georgia	In the first part Monica and her family move to Los Angeles in 1981 from Atlanta Georgia and become acquainted with their new neighbors the McCalls .
org:alternate_names(e1,e2)	CSUN	California State University	The establishment of CSUN began in 1952 with the proposal of a new satellite campus for Los Angeles State College ( now known as California State University Los Angeles ) .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Italy	Elsa Merlini	Back in Italy in 1932 he became a prolific director working with the major stars of the time as : Assia Noris Elsa Merlini Amedeo Nazzari Luisa Ferida Henry Viarisio .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	FAO Schwarz	New York	In December 2003 a subsidiary of one of the company's funds acquired the toy store FAO Schwarz which reopened for business in New York and Las Vegas in the fall of 2004 .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Gabon	Omar Bongo	Gabon President Omar Bongo Ondimba whose 42-year reign over the one-party former French colony made him Africa's longest-serving leader has died in Spain after an illness a French government source says .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	James Baker	State	James Baker who was the American Secretary of State warned on 23 May 1991 that the continued building of Jewish settlements on Palestinian land hindered a future Middle East peace just as the present Secretary of State said last week .
org:top_members/employees(e2,e1)	Tatsuo Okamoto	Winbond	For Tatsuo Okamoto a 51-year-old semiconductor engineer the biggest change was the speed in decision-making at the Taiwanese company Winbond Electronics which hired him away from the Tokyo-based chipmaker Renesas Technology two years ago .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Eminem	Aftermath	It is best known for producing both of Marshall Eminem Mathers ' independent albums Infinite and The Slim Shady EP demo before he signed to Dr. Dre's Aftermath Entertainment and also released The Slim Shady LP and currently Recovery under Web .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Aldo Moro	Italy	They kidnap Aldo Moro former prime minister of Italy and leader of the Democrazia Cristiana ( Christian democracy ) party .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Stephen Harper	Canada	Conservative Prime Minister Stephen Harper on Friday appointed Gary Doer a leftist premier of Western Canada 's Manitoba province as Canada's next envoy to Washington .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Tong Sang	French Polynesia	Tong Sang 's government fell after the vote of no confidence was passed by French Polynesia 's 57 member Assembly on August 31 .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Shane Gibson	Parliament	The Progressive Liberal Party was expected to win re-election up until the Anna Nicole Smith scandal when Minister of Immigration Shane Gibson a PLP Member or Parliament was accused of cozying up to the former playmate by fast-tracking residency for her and Howard K. Stern .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	he	Peru	In 1827 he once again became President of Congress and in accordance with his functions he once again was briefly chosen as interim President of Peru in 1833 until the investiture of General Luis de Orbegoso y Moncada .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Rhodesian Front	Ian Smith	The imperious and intolerant ( Godwin Hancock 1993 ) Field was elected to his and many others surprise as Rhodesia's first Rhodesian Front Prime Minister in the 1962 general election and served until he was replaced by Ian Smith in 1964 .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Education	Hishammuddin Hussein	If things are so bad he would not be here Malaysia's Education Minister Hishammuddin Hussein told reporters .
no_relation	Switzerland	Richard Burton	Naser-e Khosraw Persia 1050 Ibn Jubayr Spain 1183-84 Ibn Battuta Morocco 1326 Ludovico di Varthema Bologna 1503 A Pilgrim with No Name Italy 1575 Joseph Pitts England 1685 Ali Bey al-Abbasi Spain 1807 John Lewis Burckhardt Switzerland 1814 Sir Richard Burton Great Britain 1953 Her Highness Sikandar the Begum of Bhopal India 1864 John F. Keane Anglo-India 1877-78 Mohammad Hosayn Farahani Persia 1885-86 Arthur J. B. Wavell Anglo-Africa 1908 Eldon Rutter Great Britain 1925 Winifred Stegar Australia 1927 Muhammad Asad Galicia 1927 Harry St .
org:top_members/employees(e1,e2)	MediaCorp	Aaron Kwok	Phyllis struck gold when MediaCorp Raintree Pictures offered her a lead role opposite Hong Kong megastar Aaron Kwok and Daniel Wu in a Hong Kong-Singapore joint collaboration movie 2000 A.D. .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Navy	Donald C. Winter	He was succeeded by Director Thomas A. Betro who was appointed Director of NCIS in January 2006 by Secretary of the Navy Donald C. Winter .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Mehsud	Taliban	According to Shah Mehsud 's troop strength then went from less than 100 to about or roughly half the total thought to be under Taliban command in the northwest region that straddles the Pakistan-Afghan border .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Tommy Thayer	Oregon	Black 'N Blue was formed in November 1981 by high school friends Jamie St. James and Tommy Thayer in Portland Oregon .
per:cities_of_residence(e2,e1)	Detroit	Buick	Italy Records is an independent record label founded in Detroit Michigan in 1997 by self-confessed record geek Dave Buick .
org:members(e2,e1)	Beresford High School	Beresford School District	Beresford High School is the only high school in the Beresford School District .
no_relation	Guty Espadas	Phayao	In his first title defence against Guty Espadas of Mexico Phayao was behind on all the score cards but saved his championship belt with a 10th round knockout .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	Louisville Cardinals	University of Louisville	The 2004 Louisville Cardinals football team represented the University of Louisville in the 2004 college football season .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	He	Education	He was Minister of Education in Liberia from 2006-2010 and was replaced by E. Othello Gongar formal Minister of Education during the regime of late president Samuel Kanyon Doe .
org:founded(e2,e1)	1909	Maltese Premier League	The 1909 10 Maltese Premier League was the first edition of the Maltese Premier League .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	England	Steadman	England 's Steadman spent five years coaching firstly Munster and then Ireland following his 21-year-career as an international player and coach in rugby league .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	U Nu	Union	The elections of 1960 had put U Nu back as the Prime Minister and Pyidaungsu Party ( Union Party ) led civilian government resume control of the country .
no_relation	Hong Kong	Hutchison	In a statement filed with the Hong Kong stock exchange Hutchison said its total revenue in the first half of the year gained 8 percent year on year to 152.9 billion HK dollars and its pre-tax earning jumped 34 percent to 16.99 billion HK dollars .
org:city_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	New York City	Lee Strasberg	After graduating from high school Humphrey moved to New York City to study acting at the Lee Strasberg Theatre and Film Institute .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Philippines	Land Bank of the Philippines	Investment opportunities with good prospects in the province are : As of 1998 Antique has a total of eleven rural banks five private commercial banks and three government banks : the Development Bank of the Philippines and Land Bank of the Philippines have branches at San Jose de Buenavista and Pandan Antique .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	New York	Columbia University	As authorities made the last-minute announcement Chavez came out in support of Mahmoud Ahmadinejad deploring the way the Iranian president was insulted during a appearance at New York 's Columbia University ahead of his UN speech .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	St. Cloud State University	St. Cloud	He graduated from St. Cloud State University in St. Cloud Minnesota in 1978 .
org:alternate_names(e1,e2)	Interpol	International Criminal Police Organization	Porter and his wife Pamela Mattock were detained by Interpol agents in Panama on May 27 2013 after an investigation by the du the RCMP and the International Criminal Police Organization ( Interpol ) .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	Mental Health	CAMH	Guilford Press ISBN 1-57230-241-0 In 1995 Blanchard was named Head of Clinical Sexology Services in the Law and Mental Health Programme of the CAMH and he serves as a Professor of Psychiatry at the University of Toronto .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	GREN Automotive	Qingdao GREN Machinery Company	GREN Automotive is a North American subsidiary of Qingdao GREN Machinery Company .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Way Out West	England	Way Out West are a UK progressive house trance and progressive breaks group from Bristol England consisting of producers and DJs Jody Wisternoff and Nick Warren .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Peter Lang	Takoma Records	Other famous early proponents were Leo Kottke Robbie Basho and Peter Lang who all played at one time or another on Fahey's Takoma Records label .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	MSM	Anerood Jugnauth	The MSM led by Anerood Jugnauth and MMM led by Paul agreed that if they won the election Anerood Jugnauth would become Prime Minister .
no_relation	1991	The Cartel	By late 1991 he had left WCW for the Global Wrestling Federation where he joined The Cartel which included Scotty Anthony Makhan Singh and Cactus Jack .
org:top_members/employees(e1,e2)	Studio Ghibli	Hayao Miyazaki	The company has intimate connections with Studio Ghibli led by Hayao Miyazaki and holds the exclusive rights to broadcast their motion pictures .
no_relation	He	G-Unit	He also stated that there was a large possibility that Lil B might be signing to G-Unit Records and spoke as if Danny Brown was already signed .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	EMI	she	After the contract signing EMI forwarded her a sizeable advance which she used to enrol in interpretive dance classes taught by Lindsay Kemp a former teacher of David Bowie and mime training with Adam Darius .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Thailand	Kukrit Pramoj	Touted as Thailand 's first economics tsar he served in the government of Kukrit Pramoj in 1975 and 1976 .
no_relation	University of Calgary	Dinos	With his professional career over Weber entered the University of Calgary where he played goal for the Dinos and studied economics .
org:members(e1,e2)	Big East	USF	Genshaft said she placed a call Saturday to Big East commissioner Mike Tranghese thanking him again for allowing USF to be one of three schools that joined the league beginning with the 2005 football season .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Zambia	University of Zambia	Shortly after Idi Amin seized power in Uganda Tayali returned to Zambia and then started work at the University of Zambia where he joined the Institute of African Studies in Lusaka as a lecturer in African art and later as University Artist .
org:members(e2,e1)	USF	Big East	Today USF is one of four Big East teams ranked in the top 25 the first time that many Big East teams have appeared in the polls at one time since 2002 .
org:members(e2,e1)	Southern Cross Broadcasting	Macquarie Media Group	As a result of a recent transaction involving Southern Cross Broadcasting ( Australia ) Limited Macquarie Media Group already controls the two commercial television licences in Port Lincoln and Spencer Gulf North .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Venezuela	Hugo	Reyes's killing has had a curious effect on Venezuela 's buffoonish president Hugo whose borders have not been traversed in combat with FARC .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Suharto	Indonesia	Suharto and his brigade returned to Central Java on September 1950 with the successful dissolution of State of East Indonesia into newly formed Unitary Republic of Indonesia .
org:founded_by(e2,e1)	Peter G. Peterson	Blackstone Group	In a sign that McCain was now willing to battle Giuliani the former mayor of New York in the city and state that gave rise to Giuliani's political fortunes McCain released a list of his New York supporters among them Henry A. Kissinger the former secretary of state and Peter G. Peterson a co-founder of the Blackstone Group and a former secretary of commerce .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	Television Networks	The Biography Channel	William Harris is a New York United States based television executive currently serving as Senior Vice-President of Production and Broadcast Operations for the Television Networks which includes cable services The History Channel The Biography Channel Crime and Investigation History en Espanol The Military History Channel and History International .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Geir Haarde	Iceland	The world needs to look ahead with courage despite grim prospects says Geir Haarde Iceland 's former prime minister .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Otmar Hasler	Liechtenstein	Otmar Hasler ( born 28 September 1953 ) was the Prime Minister of Liechtenstein from 5 April 2001 to 25 March 2009 .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Ecuador	Rafael Correa	has interviewed many Latin American President in recent years including the President of Colombia Juan Manuel Santos former President of Colombia Uribe the President of Alan the President of Panama Ricardo Martinelli the President of Chile Sebastian and the President of Ecuador Rafael Correa .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	Polytechnic	Manchester	Polytechnic are an indie-rock band based in Chorlton-cum-Hardy in Manchester England .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	York Centurions	Hawks their	The Hawks had 9 returning players and after a massive recruitment drive started their season 56-strong against their old friends York Centurions giving the Hawks their first win of the season 12-2 and many players their first game .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	University of Windsor	Windsor	Currently the University of Windsor is constructing a $ 112-million Centre for Engineering Innovation which will house the Faculty of Engineering and its research centre.Taken from : http://www.uwindsor.ca/cei/centre-for-engineering-innovation-1 The University dates back to the founding of Assumption College Roman Catholic in Windsor Ontario in 1857 .
org:founded(e1,e2)	National Union of Workers	1989	The National Union of Workers ( NUW ) is a large Australian trade union formed in 1989 .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Luis von Ahn	Carnegie Mellon University	Luis von Ahn ( born 1979 ) is a Guatemalan entrepreneur and an associate professor in the Computer Science Department at Carnegie Mellon University .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Malaysia	Malaysia national football team	Nik Shahrul Azim Abdul Halim ( born 30 December 1990 ) is a Malaysian footballer who plays for Kelantan in the Malaysia Super League and the Malaysia national football team .
org:members(e2,e1)	Fighter Squadron	115th Fighter Wing	The 176th Fighter Squadron ( 176 FS ) is a unit of the Wisconsin Air National Guard 115th Fighter Wing located at Truax Field Air National Guard Base Madison Wisconsin .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Village People	Victor Willis	Former Village People frontman and songwriter Victor Willis ( seen here during a 2006 drug arrest ) is planning a tell-all book about his days with the legendary disco group .
no_relation	Butthole Surfers	Go	This combined with questions the group had regarding Alternative Tentacles ' handling of royalties from Butthole Surfers and Live PCPPEP resulted in the album ultimately being released on Touch and Go .
org:founded(e1,e2)	Gannon University	1925	Gannon also provides students with a broad program in intramural and intercollegiate athletics including 18 athletic programs for men and women at the NCAA Division II level.Source : http://www.gannon.edu Gannon University was established in 1925 as the two-year Cathedral College by the Roman Catholic Diocese of Erie .
per:country_of_birth(e2,e1)	Estonia	Toomas Hendrik Ilves	The high turnout is evidence of the democratic maturity of the Georgian nation Latvia's Valdis Zatlers Estonia 's Toomas Hendrik Ilves Lithuania's Valdas Adamkus and Poland's Lech Kaczynski said in a declaration issued at their joint news conference in Riga .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Max Baucus	Montana	Joining the Republicans in opposition were four Democratic senators : Max Baucus of Montana ; Ben Nelson of Nebraska ; Jon Tester of Montana ; and Mark Warner of Virginia ; as well as Connecticut independent Sen. Joseph Lieberman .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	Michael Anthony Bilandic	Chicago	The building is named after Michael Anthony Bilandic who is a former Mayor of Chicago a former Chief Justice of the Supreme Court of Illinois and a former United States Marine Corps First lieutenant .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	CIBC World Markets	Canada	CIBC World Markets is headquartered in Toronto Ontario with offices in Canada in Calgary Alberta Montreal Quebec Vancouver British Columbia and Ottawa Ontario .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Chile	,	On February 9 2010 Chile 's current President-elect , nominated him to the Ministry of Energy .
per:origin(e2,e1)	Pakistani	Danish Kaneria	I think both the teams are pretty similar evenly matched but we have to put up collective effort to combat their spinners who are quality bowlers said McCullum of Pakistani spinners Danish Kaneria and Saeed Ajmal .
per:cities_of_residence(e2,e1)	London	Yvonne Mitchell	The Prestons are an apparently happy London household made up of wife Amy ( Yvonne Mitchell ) husband Jim ( Anthony Quayle ) and teenage son Brian ( Andrew Ray ) .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Philles Records	Phil Spector	Philles Records was a record label formed in 1961 by Phil Spector and Lester Sill the label taking its name from a hybrid of their first names .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	Its	Sky Bank	Its largest subsidiary was Sky Bank a commercial and retail banking company headquartered in Salineville Ohio that operated 330 financial centers and over 400 ATMs in Ohio Pennsylvania Indiana Michigan and West Virginia .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Bagapsh	United Abkhazia	Bagapsh was unanimously chosen as a candidate in the election during a congress of his United Abkhazia party the government Apsny Press news agency reported .
org:top_members/employees(e2,e1)	Steve Fawkner	Infinite Interactive	According to Steve Fawkner this game was built from scratch in 6 months by Infinite Interactive after being handed it by SSG in an incomplete form and is why the game is not up to previous standards .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Liechtenstein	Otmar Hasler	Chancellor Angela Merkel of Germany said she would raise the issue with Liechtenstein 's prime minister Otmar Hasler when he visits Berlin this week .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	He	Flushing	He supported and lived with his mother and his brother who had cerebral palsy in a small working-class house in Flushing N.Y .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Netherlands	Rembrandt	For painters from the Northern Netherlands ( such as Rembrandt ) see List of Dutch painters .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Nova High School	Davie	He attended Florida Atlantic University and Nova High School in Davie Florida .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Iceland	Geir Haarde	Iceland 's PM Geir Haarde defiant in face of mounting protests .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Stroger	Democratic	Stroger was a member of the Democratic Party .
org:alternate_names(e1,e2)	California Institute of Integral Studies	California Institute of Asian Studies	He established the California Institute of Integral Studies ( originally the California Institute of Asian Studies ) in 1968 in San Francisco ( it became an independent organisation in 1974 ) and presented his own form of Integral psychology in the early 1970s .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Holt	Liberal	Holt 's disappearance triggered a leadership crisis in the Liberal Party which briefly raised the possibility of a split in the Coalition .
org:alternate_names(e1,e2)	Camber	Huntsville	The Engineering Technology Division ( ETD ) of Camber 's Huntsville Aerospace Defense Group has been rated at CMMI Level III .
org:members(e2,e1)	Cougars	Conference USA	After the dissolution of the Southwest Conference in 1996 ( Houston was the last member admitted to the SWC in 1971 ) in which these teams were a member the Cougars became charter members of Conference USA as a part of the West Division .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	His	Toronto	His critically acclaimed lyrics are sometimes linked by music writers to his time as a university English major ; he was editor-in-chief of a University of Toronto literary journal .
no_relation	Williamson	Austin	In what was billed as a WBC Title Eliminator bout Williamson was defeated by fourth round technical knockout after being sent to the canvas by Austin .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	the Tribune	Arizona	In December 1999 the Tribune was renamed the East Valley Tribune and in August 2000 Thomson Newspapers sold its Arizona newspaper holdings to Freedom Communications Inc. of Irvine California On October 6 2008 publisher Julie Moreno announced that newspaper would cease publishing in Scottsdale and Tempe in 2009 and publish only four days a week in the remainder of its circulation area at that time .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Singapore	StarHub	The 2012 Singapore League Cup ( known as the StarHub League Cup for sponsorship purposes ) was held between 26 July to 11 August 2012 .
per:title(e1,e2)	Tevis Clyde Smith	publisher	Tevis Clyde Smith Jr. ( 1908 1984 ) was an American historian fantasy writer poet and amateur publisher best known for his association with Robert E. Howard .
no_relation	Sakurai	Issei Noro	Sakurai 's third solo album TLM20 released in 2000 was recorded live in a concert with Casiopea members Issei Noro and Minoru Mukaiya Akira Jimbo and Kazuki Katsuta of Dimension .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Sykes	England	Sykes has further earned England caps against Russia and Wales in 2003 and France and New Zealand in 2005 .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	ALITALIA	Italy	ALITALIA 'S special administrator will make a last-ditch attempt to sell Italy 's loss-making national airline on Monday by public tender before calling in the liquidators after a failed rescue bid .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Hawaii	Daniel Akaka	Prominent Hawaii Democrats U.S. Sen. Daniel Akaka U.S. Rep. Neil Abercrombie and Honolulu Mayor Mufi Hannemann warmed up the Obama supporters before he took the stage .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	SVT1	Sveriges Television	SVT1 is the primary television station of the Swedish public service broadcaster Sveriges Television in Sweden .
org:founded_by(e2,e1)	Hayao Miyazaki	Studio Ghibli	In the 1980s animation studios were led back to their theatrical roots due to the success of Hayao Miyazaki 's film of the Valley of the Wind which led publishing house Tokuma Shoten to finance a new animation studio Studio Ghibli which would be used for the personal works of Miyazaki and his close friend Isao Takahata .
no_relation	Howie Dorough	Florida	Backstreet Boy Howie Dorough weds longtime girlfriend in Orlando Florida .
org:members(e1,e2)	G-Unit	Lloyd Banks	The charity was started by rap group G-Unit which consists of 50 Cent Tony Yayo and Lloyd Banks .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	Ottaway Community Newspapers	Dow Jones	Community Newspaper Holdings bought the Press-Republican in late 2006 from Ottaway Community Newspapers a division of Dow Jones Company .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	Harmonium	Montreal	Harmonium was a Quebec progressive rock band formed in 1972 in Montreal .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Wake Forest University	Winston-Salem	Michele Gillespie is Kahle Family Professor of history at Wake Forest University in Winston-Salem North Carolina .
no_relation	Ethos Water	Starbucks	I wanted to create a brand that would raise awareness about the world water crisis said Peter Thum founder of Ethos Water and now a vice president at Starbucks .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Harvard University	Eric Mazur	He is the father of Harvard University physics professor Eric Mazur .
per:alternate_names(e2,e1)	Jacques De Jongh	Hush	Also in May Jacques De Jongh ( Hush ) had replaced McDermott on bass guitar in The All Stars .
no_relation	his	Arkansas	Like his younger brother Ben Henley graduated from the University of Arkansas School of Law .
no_relation	Ted Heath	London	3 various Listen to my Music vol 4 various Listen to my Music/Ted Heath selection/Swings in Hi-Fi Max Bygraves Ted Heath : Hits of the 30's Max Bygraves Ted Heath : Hits of the 20's ( Max Sings whiles Ted Swings ) More Lost Treasures 4CDs My very good friends the Bandleaders New Palladium Performances ( Palladium Revisited ) Nice one Ted compilation Olde Englyshe Our Kind of Jazz ( Things to come ) Our Kind of Jazz/Spotlight on the Sidemen ) Palladium : Revisited ( New Palladium Performances ) Palladium : Ted Heath at the London Palladium ( 89th ) Palladium : Ted Heath at the London Palladium vol .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	ProCurve	HP	In November 2008 HP ProCurve was moved into HP 's largest business division the Technology Services Group organization with HP Enterprise Account Managers being compensated for sales .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Ho Chi Minh	Vietnam	Ho Chi Minh City University of Agriculture and Forestry or Nong Lam University is a comprehensive university in Thu Duc District Ho Chi Minh City Vietnam .
per:country_of_birth(e1,e2)	Rembrandt	Netherlands	Rembrandt Frerichs is a pianist from the Netherlands .
org:members(e2,e1)	Seven Places	BEC Recordings	Hear Us Say Jesus is the third full-length album by Seven Places on BEC Recordings .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	University of	Finland	She is a Professor of Industrial Optimization with the Department of Mathematical Information Technology University of Finland .
per:country_of_birth(e2,e1)	Cameroon	Paul Biya	President of Cote d'Ivoire Laurent Gbagbo who is here to take part in the celebrations marking Cameroon 's 50th anniversary of independence is expected to take the opportunity to speak with his Cameroonian counterpart Paul Biya about the peace process that is underway in his country his office has confirmed .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	University of North Dakota	North Dakota	Robert O. Kelley PhD is the current president of the University of North Dakota ( UND ) which is located in Grand Forks North Dakota .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Kentucky	Mitch McConnell	Given the Democratic resistance coupled with Holsinger's lack of response to the committee's questions after more than ten months in June 2008 thirteen months after his nomination Kentucky Senator Jim Bunning a Holsinger supporter suggested the nomination was dead which the White House and fellow Kentucky Senator and Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell denied .
org:top_members/employees(e1,e2)	Studio Ghibli	he	The designer and tester of the project refused the official endorsement of the project by Studio Ghibli and Hayao Miyazaki noting that he did not want to cause trouble for them if an accident occurred .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Lithuania	Valdas Adamkus	Lithuania 's President Valdas Adamkus on Monday condemned an apparent far-right graffiti attack on a Jewish community centre in the Baltic state's capital calling it an affront to the entire country .
org:founded_by(e1,e2)	Alias	Brett Burner	Alias was founded by artist Mike S. Miller and publisher Brett Burner ( also owner of Lamp Post Publications ) .
org:alternate_names(e1,e2)	Federal Investigations Agency	AFI	In March 2006 six plainclothes agents of Mexico's Federal Investigations Agency ( AFI ) raided a market in Santiago in search of unauthorized copies of copyrighted works .
no_relation	Gregorio Monagas	Venezuela	In 1851 Gregorio Monagas succeeded his brother Tadeo Monagas as President of Venezuela .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Tzannis Tzannetakis	Greece	Tzannis Tzannetakis ( ) ( 13 September 1927 1 April 2010 ) was a Greek politician who was briefly Prime Minister of Greece during the political crisis of 1989 .
org:alternate_names(e2,e1)	provider	Mobiltel	In 2002 Cherney was involved in the selling-on of the Bulgarian mobile provider Mobiltel .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Western Washington University	Bellingham	Haugerud and Barnett will present results of their research on the Boulder Creek Fault and the Kendall Scarp at the annual meeting of the Cordilleran Section of the Geological Society of America at Western Washington University in Bellingham on May 5 .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	United States Coast Guard Academy	New London	Upon graduation from high school in Charlevoix Michigan he entered the University of Michigan but later transferred to the United States Coast Guard Academy in New London Connecticut .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	Mesaba Airlines	Northwest Airlines	Mesaba Airlines a Northwest Airlines affiliate suspended service service to Detroit in June 2009 .
no_relation	Robbie	him	Robbie attacked Lethal back to the ring and executed a jumping cutter on him .
no_relation	Geri Allen	Blue Note	The San Francisco Jazz Festival 2001 2004 and 2006 was backed by the powerful 15-piece Marcus Shelby Jazz Orchestra with pianist Geri Allen Performed 2005 with Clark Terry at the Blue Note Jazz Club in New York .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Italy	Corriere della Sera	Paolo Isotta one of Italy 's most significant music critics wrote in the influential newspaper Il Corriere della Sera of the Italian translation that no European writer had ever shown such a knowledge of European classical music nor had any European novel before managed to convey the psychology the technical abilities even the human potentialities of those who practise music for a living .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	Georgia Tech Yellow Jackets	Georgia Institute of Technology	The Georgia Tech Yellow Jackets baseball team represents the Georgia Institute of Technology in NCAA Division I college baseball .
org:top_members/employees(e1,e2)	AFP	Alexander B. Yano	On 29 June 2008 United States Ambassador to Thailand Kristie A. Kenney joined AFP Chief of Staff General Alexander B. Yano flew aboard the Ronald Reagan to be briefed of the HA/DR mission as well as to thank the U.S. naval personnel for their relief efforts .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	Astro	Astro TVIQ	In January 2013 along with Astro Ceria Astro Ria Astro Oasis and Astro Prima Astro TVIQ will be launched in the Commonwealth of Dominica .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Gloucester High School	Gloucester	Officials at Gloucester High School in Gloucester Mass. are investigating whether half of the teens made a pact to get pregnant during the school year Time.com reported .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Ueto	Pony Canyon	In January 2002 it was announced that Ueto would continue her music career as a solo artist under Pony Canyon subsidiary label Flight Master .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Great Wall Motor	Baoding	Great Wall Motor based in Baoding of North China's Hebei .
org:top_members/employees(e1,e2)	Las Vegas Metropolitan Police Department	Ray Flynn	On July 8 2011 the sheriff of the Las Vegas Metropolitan Police Department Doug Gillespie along with Assistant Sheriff Ray Flynn and LVMPD Crime Lab Executive Director Linda Krueger admitted a case of human error involving switched DNA samples by criminalist Terry Cook which had sent an innocent man named Dwayne Jackson to the Nevada State Prison for 4 years .
org:top_members/employees(e1,e2)	company	Thomas Lowry	The company recruited real-estate mogul Thomas Lowry who on September 2 1875 brought on line a route between downtown Minneapolis and the University of Minnesota .
org:members(e2,e1)	Fairfield University	NCAA	Wynder attended Fairfield University where he was selected a Second Team All-MAAC in 1987 and helped lead the Stags to back-to-back MAAC Championships and NCAA Tournament appearances in 1986 and 1987 .
org:members(e1,e2)	McGill University	McGill Redmen	It is owned by McGill University and is home to the Montreal Alouettes of the Canadian Football League in 1947 until 1967 and from 1998 to present and the McGill Redmen of the Quebec University Football League .
org:members(e2,e1)	6th Armoured Division	Pakistan Army	The 6th Armoured Division is a Pakistan Army armoured division currently based in Gujranwala in Punjab Province .
per:alternate_names(e2,e1)	Peter Schickele	P. D. Q. Bach	The album contains works by Peter Schickele under his alter-ego of P. D. Q. Bach .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Joaquim Chissano	Mozambique	Shortly after Joaquim Chissano became president of Mozambique this paper suggested that he faced a combination of problems to tax the ingenuity of the most brilliant of leaders .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	MDIS	Singapore	MDIS offers academic programmes in 7 main disciplines : The largest and most established school at the institute the MDIS Business School ( MBS ) is one of the largest business schools among private education organisations in Singapore with an annual intake of more than students .
org:members(e2,e1)	The Joykiller	Epitaph	The Joykiller released three albums on Epitaph records prior to disbanding in 1998 and had a minor radio hit in Holland with the song Go-Bang .
no_relation	Martins	Portugal	Martins also owns the Biedronka supermarket chain in Poland and has industrial facilities in Portugal focused on the production of several Unilever brands .
no_relation	finnlines	Finland	However she stayed in finnlines traffic for the time being as a buyer was n't found until September 1977 when she was sold to Birka Line Finland with the price of 50 million Swedish kronor to be delivered in January 1978 .
per:title(e2,e1)	actor	James Caan	Drawing upon his years in the business the 72-year-old actor has enlisted the support of such stars as Nicolas Cage Ethan Hawke James Caan and Dennis Hopper .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Max Baucus	Montana	Sen. Max Baucus the Montana Democrat who heads the Senate Finance Committee said : This new form will help the public and the IRS assess whether tax-exempt organizations are staying true to the reasons they were granted exempt status in the first place .
org:founded_by(e1,e2)	Blackstone Group	Stephen A. Schwarzman	Along the way he became the British equivalent of the Blackstone Group 's founder Stephen A. Schwarzman .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Republic	Yen Chia-kan	He later became secretary general to the President of the Republic from 1954 to 1972 and senior advisor to Presidents Chiang Kai-shek Yen Chia-kan Chiang Ching-kuo and Lee Teng-hui .
org:founded(e2,e1)	1850	Glasgow and South Western Railway	In 1850 the merged with the Glasgow Dumfries and Carlisle Railway ( ) to form what became the Glasgow and South Western Railway .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	National Security Agency	United States	Keith B. Alexander ( born December 2 1951 ) is the current Director National Security Agency ( DIRNSA ) Chief Central Security Service ( CHCSS ) and Commander United States Cyber Command .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Israel	Givati Brigade	Kovner joined the Haganah in December 1947 and soon after Israel declared independence in May 1948 he became a captain in the Givati Brigade of the IDF .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Nigeria	Abubakar Tafawa Balewa	On October 1 1963 Nigeria under Nnamdi Azikiwe President and Abubakar Tafawa Balewa Prime Minister severed these and other such ties with Britain by proclaiming Nigeria a republic .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Shankar	Nepal	Shankar was recruited to the service of the state-owned Radio Nepal in 1951 by Bal Krishna Sama the pre-eminent playwright of Nepal .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	he	Italy	In cinema he worked frequently both in Italy and abroad .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Chali 2na	Jurassic 5	Dino 5 is a hip hop supergroup featuring Prince Paul Chali 2na from Jurassic 5 Scratch from The Roots Wordsworth and Lady Bug Mecca from Digable Planets.The Dino 5 Takes Kid-Hop Back to the Future | Listening Post from Wired.com Their album is a concept hip hop album for children though it can be listened to by adults as well .
org:city_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Trondheim	University College	Elgeseter is the centre of technology in Trondheim housing both St. Olavs Hospital the Norwegian University of Science and Technology and parts of University College .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Vardhaman Mahaveer Open University	Kota	Dr. Modi remained Director at the Regional Centre Jaipur of Kota Open-University Kota during 1991-92 ; and ( now since 2002 ) Vardhaman Mahaveer Open University Kota ; for which he is currently working as Consultant for Culture and Tourism ( December 2006 ) .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Versace	Giancarlo Di Risio	You express it in 360 degrees Gianni Versace SpA CEO Giancarlo Di Risio said at the 29th International Furniture Expo in Milan .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Verve	Lester Young	In 1994 Verve Records released a CD version of The Lester Young Trio which combined all 8 tracks from the 1946 Hollywood trio recordings plus an alternate take of I Cover the Waterfront and an additional shortened version of Back to the Land together with 4 additional tracks recorded earlier by a quintet with Nat King Cole ( but without Lester Young or Buddy Rich ) .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Limited	Japan	In 1996 Komatsu America Corporation ( KAC ) of Rolling Meadows Illinois in concert with their parent company heavy equipment manufacturer Komatsu Limited of Tokyo Japan ( Komatsu ) acquired a controlling interest in Modular .
no_relation	William Sorell	Van Diemen's Land	It was named after William Sorell ( 1775 - 4 June 1848 ) who was a soldier and third Lieutenant-Governor of Van Diemen's Land .
org:alternate_names(e2,e1)	Horn of Africa	CJTF-HOA	For some years now CENTCOM has maintained Combined Joint Task Force Horn of Africa ( CJTF-HOA ) headquartered in Djibouti .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Forza Italia	Giancarlo Galan	In fact since 1995 Christian Democracy's hegemony was replaced by that of the centre-right Pole/House of Freedoms coalition and especially Forza Italia whose regional leader Giancarlo Galan was President of the Region for 15 years .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Massachusetts	Meditech	Petersen helped facilitate a decades-long relationship with Westwood Massachusetts based Meditech which owns 22 percent of LSS Data Systems .
no_relation	University	Kent	In 2010 just under students applied to the University of Kent through UCAS and accepted offers of places .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Jackson	Zebra	Jackson founded Zebra with bass player Felix Hanemann and drummer Guy Gelso in 1975 .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	RCTI	Feni Rose	In 2000 he started his debut in TV as the quiz presenter in Formula 1 live on RCTI ( now on Global TV ) with Feni Rose Venita Daben and Yane Ardian .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	State	Lawrence Eagleburger	Former Secretary of State Lawrence Eagleburger told National Public Radio on Thursday that Palin was not ready to take over in a crisis .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	De La Salle	northern	The De La Salle University System was created in 1987 composed of De La Salle University-Manila De La Salle-Santiago Zobel School and the newly acquired De La Salle and De La Salle University-Health Sciences Campus in northern Cavite .
per:title(e2,e1)	President	Gloria Macapagal-Arroyo	Singapore Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong has sent a condolence letter to Philippine President Gloria Macapagal-Arroyo expressing heartfelt sympathies on behalf of the people and government of Singapore for the loss of life and destruction caused by Typhoon Ketsana .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Bolivia	Evo Morales	On May 1 2013 the President of Bolivia Evo Morales asked USAID to close its mission which had worked in the country for 49 years . ) .
no_relation	Ignatieff	Toronto	Ignatieff took a teaching position at the University of Toronto after his defeat in Etobicoke Lakeshore .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Bergman	Sweden	In his films Bergman 's vision encompassed all the extremes of his beloved Sweden : the claustrophobic gloom of unending winter nights the gentle merriment of glowing summer evenings and the bleak magnificence of the island where he spent his last years .
org:members(e1,e2)	London	Shakespears Sister	Although intended as the lead single from the band's third album London Records then opted not to release the album at all and Shakespears Sister were dropped by the company making this their last release with the label .
per:origin(e1,e2)	Emilio	Mexico	Emilio El Indio ( born Emilio Romo ; March 26 1904 August 6 1986 ) was an actor screenwriter and director of the cinema of Mexico .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	University of Edinburgh	Scotland	Dudley Edwards is Reader in Commonwealth and American History at the University of Edinburgh Scotland UK .
per:title(e2,e1)	Chancellor	Gordon Brown	A British cabinet minister was left red-faced Friday after suggesting that the man widely tipped as next prime minister Chancellor Gordon Brown might not prove too popular .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	John Ensign	Republican	Sen. John Ensign of Nevada who chairs the National Republican Senatorial Committee raised the prospect of public ethics hearings should Craig remain in office .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Fuckin Wild	Artvoice	Active mainly in Bavaria and the rest of Germany between 1993 and 1998 Fuckin Wild produced three albums ; the second titled The Raven's Cry was released by Artvoice Music in 1996 and distributed mainly in Germany and Great Britain .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Cheddi Jagan	Guyana	He was later Senior Legal Assistant to the Commonwealth Relations Office and played a major role in the suspension of the People's Progressive Party Government of Cheddi Jagan in British Guiana ( Guyana ) in 1953 .
no_relation	Dan Torelli	Madina Lake	Eventually vocalist Nathan Leone and bassist Matthew Leone along with two members from Reforma ( Dan Torelli and Mateo Camargo ) formed Madina Lake .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	he	Mexico	In 1957 he began work on government commission for Chapultepec Castle in Mexico City ; Del porfirismo a la was his biggest mural yet .
no_relation	September 5 2006	MyNetworkTV	From September 5 2006 to September 21 2009 KQCA did not follow the 8 to 10 pm primetime MyNetworkTV schedule like other affiliates of the network .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Suharto	Indonesia	Soedarsono Hadisapoetro ( 1921 1989 ) served as Agriculture Minister in the Suharto government of Indonesia from 1978 to 1983 .
per:spouse(e1,e2)	Donlevy	actress	Donlevy was married three times : first to Yvonne Grey from 1928 36 then to actress Marjorie Lane from 1936 1947 and finally to Lillian Arch Lugosi ( the ex-wife of Bela Lugosi famous for playing Dracula ) from 1966 until his death in 1972 .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Mustafa Pasha Fahmi	Egypt	He became close to Princess Nazli Fazl and his contacts with the Egyptian upper class led to his marriage to the daughter of the Egyptian prime minister Mustafa Pasha Fahmi whose friendship with Lord Cromer then the effective British ruler of Egypt accounts in part for the eventual acceptability of Zaghloul to the British occupation .
per:country_of_birth(e1,e2)	Patra	Jamaica	Patra ( born Dorothy Smith 22 November 1972 Kingston Jamaica ) Allmusic.com / Biography is a dancehall singer .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Denmark	Danish Superliga	Rasmus Falk Jensen ( born 15 January 1992 in Denmark ) - simply known as Rasmus Falk - is a Danish footballer who currently plays for Odense Boldklub of the Danish Superliga as a Striker .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Melbourn Village College	Cambridgeshire	Melbourn Village College is an Academy located in Melbourn Cambridgeshire England that serves an extensive area of South Cambridgeshire .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Education	Margaret Spellings	Within two weeks of the hurricane U.S. Secretary of Education Margaret Spellings referred to charter schools as uniquely equipped to serve students displaced by Katrina .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Nauru	Ludwig Scotty	Addressing the opening session of the 16th Summit of Smaller Island States here on Monday current chairman of the summit Nauru 's President Ludwig Scotty said it has been two years since the PIF leaders adopted the Pacific Plan very considerable progress has been made although we continue to face a number of challenges in its implementation .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	School	Coquitlam	Centennial Secondary School is a high school located in Coquitlam British Columbia established in 1967 the centennial year of Canadian Confederation .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Thailand	Chatichai Choonhavan	The award was presented to him on 15 September 1990 by the prime minister of Thailand general Chatichai Choonhavan .
per:spouse(e1,e2)	Mildred Harris	Charlie Chaplin	That included The Sheriff of Bisbee in which she starred alongside actress Mildred Harris the future mother of Charlie Chaplin 's first child .
no_relation	Haiti	Henri Christophe	A Kingdom of Haiti was established in 1811 by Henri Christophe another leader in the Haitian independence struggle .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Vermont	New England Culinary Institute	One example of this took place in Montpelier Vermont where the New England Culinary Institute ( NECI ) sent a group of students to a movie theater to hand out 400 fliers .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Yarra Trams	Melbourne	In August 1999 MetroLink Victoria Pty Ltd commenced operating the Yarra Trams franchise segment of Melbourne 's tram system .
org:members(e2,e1)	Scots	Alma	Cole played quarterback for the Alma Scots located in Alma Michigan .
per:title(e2,e1)	songwriter	Jason Kay	Allegedly it was originally sketched by the band's primary songwriter and front-man Jason Kay as Buffalo Man is seemingly a self portrait silhouette of Kay wearing a buffalo hat .
per:title(e2,e1)	actress	Marilyn Monroe	It is a tribute to actress Marilyn Monroe but singer Joe Elliot contradicted himself in a later interview and explained the song is more generally about something you ca n't ever get your hands on .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Vietnam	Ho Chi Minh	Vietnam first in Ho Chi Minh City athletics meet .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	de San	Peru	Some of them joined the campaign of de San in Peru .
org:founded_by(e2,e1)	Victor Muller	Spyker Cars	1999 he co-founded with Victor Muller company Spyker Cars for production of sport cars .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	Euroleague	FIBA Europe	The following is a list of NBA versus Euroleague games since the Euroleague stopped being organized by FIBA Europe and began being organized by the Euroleague Basketball ( Company ) ( the modern era Euroleague format ) with the start of the 2000-01 basketball season .
per:country_of_birth(e1,e2)	Ambrose	England	Ambrose was born on March 7 1824 to Charles Ambrose and Sophia Stoneham in Chelmsford England .
no_relation	Minnesota	Target Corporation	Minnesota State Representative Ryan Winkler said it was unwise for Target Corporation to back Emmer because his views on immigration LGBT rights and decreasing the minimum wage for restaurant workers could upset Target shoppers .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	New Mexico State University	Las Cruces	Currently Department of Agricultural Economics and Agricultural Business New Mexico State University Las Cruces New Mexico .
org:founded(e2,e1)	1976	Kakatiya University	Established in 1976 the University College of Engineering Kakatiya University is the only school of mining in Andhra Pradesh .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Rutledge	Canada	Rutledge has toured Canada the UK the United States and Europe and has played shows with Kathleen Edwards Jim Cuddy Blue Rodeo Hawksley Workman Luke Doucet and Dolly Parton .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Verve	Richie Havens	Verve Forecast attracted a new generation of talent which included The Blues Project Richie Havens Tim Hardin Janis Ian Laura Nyro Jim and Jean Friend and Lover Caravan The Hombres and Bob Lind .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Persistent Systems	Pune	The event will be hosted in two different venues namely Chandrasekhar Auditorium IUCAA University of Pune and Dewang Mehta Auditorium Persistent Systems Limited Pune .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	H. Otto Wittpenn	Jersey City	It is named after H. Otto Wittpenn a former mayor of Jersey City .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Robert Fico	Slovakia	Prime Minister Robert Fico said Hungary's action was a security threat because Slovakia hosts a Hungarian minority community within its borders that could possibly become citizens of Hungary .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	Anthony David	Atlanta	Anthony David was born in Savannah Georgia but got involved in the music business in Atlanta .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Los Angeles	Richard Riordan	Some credit Simon's primary win to incumbent Governor Gray Davis ' preemptive campaign against Simon's major primary opponent former Los Angeles mayor Richard Riordan a moderate Republican whom Davis considered a more formidable opponent .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Marshall Islands	Litokwa Tomeing	The Marshall Islands new President Litokwa Tomeing appears to be retreating from his previous stated intention of switching diplomatic recognition from Taiwan to China .
per:country_of_birth(e1,e2)	He	Italy	He stayed for thirty years in his hometown of Venice Italy and worked at the Opera Buffa at the Chapel of San Marco and at the Grand Opera in Vicenza .
no_relation	4; Ho Chi Mi	4; Vietn	H? Minh City University of Economics and Law ( HCMC UEL ) is a university in Linh Xuan ward Thu Duc District 4; Ho Chi Mi nh City 4; Vietn am .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	in Roman	th Gheorghe Gheorghiu-D	As Vladimir Tism?neanu argues if one does not grasp the role of political thugs such as the Soviet spies Pintilie Bondarenko ( Pantiu?a ) and Alexandru Nikolski in the exercise of terror in Roman ia during the most horrible Stalinist period and their personal connections wi th Gheorghe Gheorghiu-D ej and members of his entourage it is difficult to understand the origins and the role of the Securitate .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Bob Menendez	New Jersey	Upon the resignation of Bob Menendez from the New Jersey Senate due to his election to the United States House of Representatives Kenny was selected to fill the vacancy .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Rothschild	France	Rothschild who saw the family's bank taken over first during the Nazi occupation of France and 40 years later by a Socialist government died Tuesday in Paris his family said in an announcement in the daily newspaper Le Figaro .
org:top_members/employees(e2,e1)	Maurice Rose	3rd Armored Division	He served in Africa and Europe as commander of the division 3rd Battalion 66th Armored Regiment and succeeded to command of Combat Command A when Maurice Rose was assigned to command the 3rd Armored Division .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Ingvar Carlsson	Sweden	However due to a telephone call to Ingvar Carlsson from then Prime Minister of Sweden Carl Bildt who urged Carlsson to immediately return to Sweden due to the urgent state of the Swedish economy all three flew back to Sweden the same day and thus probably escaped being assassinated as well .
no_relation	Provincial Airlines	Air Saint-Pierre	Regular domestic air service is provided by Provincial Airlines year round while Sunwing provides service to Toronto's Pearson International Airport from May to October and Air Saint-Pierre offers summer service to the French colonies off Newfoundland's south coast .
per:cities_of_residence(e2,e1)	London	Alexander	Before leaving Hungary to work full-time in London with his brother Alexander Korda served in the Hungarian Army as a cavalry officer .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	India	Johnson	Cricket : Harbhajan rescues India after Johnson wrecks top order .
org:top_members/employees(e2,e1)	Dave DeSantis	The Secret Syde	The band consists of members of the legendary band Chronic Sick as well as Dave DeSantis of The Secret Syde and Laughing Soupdish .
org:founded(e2,e1)	1963	railway	Opened in 1963 the railway operates a line running between Labrador City Labrador and Wabush where it interchanges with the Quebec North Shore and Labrador Railway .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Hoyte	Guyana	President Burnham died suddenly on 6 August 1985 and Hoyte became President at a time when Guyana was undergoing prolonged economic and social problems .
org:founded_by(e2,e1)	Adam Hirshan	The Conway Daily Sun	It is printed on tabloid paper and published by Country News Club and was founded in the early 1990s by Dave Danforth Mark Guerringue and Adam Hirshan following the success of the similar but larger The Conway Daily Sun .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Jon Kyl	Arizona	The president's announcement on Wednesday gave fellow Republicans something to herald with Republican allies like Sen. Jon Kyl of Arizona calling it yet more evidence that Republican tax relief has been good for our economy .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	George Washington	Continental Army	Dec. 23 1783 -- Gen. George Washington resigns his commission in the Continental Army .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	EMI	her	The Weather Inside would be Watson's final album on EMI before a move to RCA for her third album Companion Gal .
no_relation	Billy Childish	artist	The anti-conceptual art and pro-figurative painting art movement Stuckism was founded by Charles Thomson and Billy Childish in 1999 and named after an insult from YBA artist Tracey Emin .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Georgia Southern University	Statesboro	The Jiann-Ping Hsu College of Public Health is one of the eight colleges of Georgia Southern University located in Statesboro Georgia in the United States .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Ella	Malaysia	Ella who is hailed as Malaysia 's Queen of Rock told the newspaper that she was shocked that people had associated the video clip to her .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	he	Mexico	Was n't he the president of Mexico ?
no_relation	nd Nippon Shar	en September 19	6 x 3-car sets ( 18 vehicles ) with flip-over transverse seating for use on Ch Main Line Central Liner and Home Liner Nakatsugawa services built by Kinki Sharyo a nd Nippon Shar yo betwe en September 19 99 and February 2001 .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	the Independent	South Africa	It is owned by the Independent News Media organisation which is the largest publisher of print material in South Africa .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Fischer	Austria	Over the weekend protesters again called on Fischer not to sign the treaty which some say would violate Austria 's neutrality .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Agriculture	Ann Veneman	We have a whole series of actions that have been taken to reduce substantially the risk to public health from this disease if it ever were found Agriculture Secretary Ann Veneman said .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	CRK	ID	In March 1989 Reeve and his wife/partner Anne Reeve immigrated to the United States and CRK commenced manufacturing in Boise ID .
org:top_members/employees(e2,e1)	Governor General	Canadian Forces	It is the final resting place for over Canadians from all walks of life such as important politicians like Governor General Ramon Hnatyshyn and Prime Minister Sir Robert Borden Canadian Forces Veterans War Dead members of the Royal Canadian Mounted Police and men and women who have made a mark on Canadian history .
org:members(e2,e1)	Free State Cheetahs	Currie Cup	In 2010 Coenie scored a hat trick of tries for the Free State Cheetahs in a Currie Cup game against the neighboring Griquas team .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	Mitchy Slick	San Diego	As of December 2009 the act consists of members Mitchy Slick of San Diego California and ( both of Los Angeles ) Phil Da Agony and probably the most visually distinct member Krondon who is albinistic .
org:founded(e2,e1)	1976	Boston	Founded in 1976 Boston By Foot offers daily scheduled tours from May through October .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	Disney	Pixar	And with the smaller breast 3D version of Knick Knack making this the first and only Disney movie not made by Pixar to be preceded with a Pixar short film .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Pennsylvania	American Bridge Company	LST-761 was laid down on 18 June 1944 at Ambridge Pennsylvania by the American Bridge Company ; launched on 7 August 1944 ; sponsored by Mrs. H. A. Brainerd ; and commissioned on 2 September 1944 with Lieutenant H. A. Swagart Jr. USCGR in command .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Burundi	Pierre Nkurunziza	Musyoka was speaking late Thursday at a summit of regional leaders in Bujumbura attended by Ugandan President Yoweri Museveni Zambian President Rupiah Banda Burundi President Pierre Nkurunziza Rwandan Prime Minister Bernard Makuza and Tanzanian Prime Minister Mizengo Pinda .
per:origin(e1,e2)	Morarji Desai	India	He was the Minister of Health during Morarji Desai 's ministry and a commemorative stamp was released in his honor by the former Vice President of India Bhairon Singh Shekhawat .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	he	Windham Hill	In 1992 he sold half of his stake in Windham Hill Records to BMG and stopped recording and producing .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Arizona	Dean Martin	The bill was introduced to the Arizona State Senate in 2002 by Senator Dean Martin as Chris ' Law - Victim's Protection Act and was passed by the Arizona House of Representatives and the Arizona Senate .
per:country_of_birth(e2,e1)	Barbados	Bickerton	Born in Barbados in 1959 Bickerton is the son of Derek Bickerton a linguist and scholar of Creole and pidgin languages .
org:alternate_names(e1,e2)	MAN Ferrostaal	AG	Germany's MAN AG said Tuesday that it was selling 70 percent of its industrial services unit MAN Ferrostaal AG for an undisclosed sum to the Abu Dhabi-based International Petroleum Investment Company .
org:alternate_names(e1,e2)	Georgia Institute of Technology	Georgia	Davis attended the Georgia Institute of Technology where he was a four-year starter on the Georgia Tech Yellow Jackets football team .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	EPA	Stephen L. Johnson	In summary I do not believe that lowering the ozone standard would improve public health in Texas TCEQ chairman Buddy Garcia wrote to EPA administrator Stephen L. Johnson on Sept. 25 .
no_relation	Clement Studebaker	U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission	The North American Light and Power Company was a utility holding company formed in South Bend Indiana and run since 1916 by its President Clement Studebaker Jr. of the family famous for the Studebaker automobiles.North American Light and Power Company 1916 - signed by Clement Studebaker Scripophily.com The utility company remained a major subsidiary of the North American Company until that conglomerate's 1940s breakup by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ) .
org:founded(e1,e2)	University of the East	1946	The University of the East began as a college of commerce known as the Philippine College of Commerce and Business Administration in 1946 .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Jerome T. Youngman	Mutant Press	In 1990 Jerome T. Youngman started Mutant Press a political hard rock band in Hollywood California .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Dale Evans	Apple Valley	The hide was professionally stretched over a foam likeness of Trigger and the resulting mount was put on display in the Roy Rogers and Dale Evans Museum when it opened in Apple Valley California in 1967 .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	WHS	Whittier	Whittier High School ( WHS ) is a high school located in Whittier California .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Musa Aman	Sabah	In April 2012 Sarawak Report published a series of leaked documents from Malaysian Anti-Corruption Commission ( MACC ) alleging the business relation between Musa Aman the Sabah chief minister and Michael Chia the middleman in managing kickbacks for timber companies ' operations inside the Sabah Pinangah Forest Reserve .
no_relation	LATAM	Paulo	On December 14 2011 Brazilian authorities approved the agreement imposing similar restrictions as Chilean authorities : LATAM will have to choose an alliance by August 2012 and frequencies between Paulo and Santiago de Chile will have to be reduced .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Smith	Blue Note	Smith had a career revival in the 1980s and 1990s again recording for Blue Note and Verve and for Milestone and Elektra .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Australia	Donut King	Retail Food Group ( Australia ) Limited often abbreviated to RFGA or RFG ( ) is the franchiser and owner of the Donut King Brumby's Bakeries bb's Cafe Michel's Patisserie Pizza Capers Crust and Big Dads Pies brands based in Southport Queensland .
no_relation	2002	Pakistan Muslim League	To back him in 2002 elections Musharraf gathered disaffected members from the Pakistan Muslim League of Nawaz Sharif the premier he overthrew in a 1999 coup and the Pakistan People's Party of ex-prime minister Benazir Bhutto .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	Wright Laboratory	Air Force	In 1994 the Wright Laboratory in Ohio a predecessor to today's United States Air Force Research Laboratory produced a three-page proposal on a variety of possible nonlethal chemical weapons which was later obtained by the Sunshine Project through a Freedom of Information Act request .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Louisiana	Dr. Mackie	Most recently Louisiana Governor Kathleen Blanco appointed Dr. Mackie to the Louisiana Recovery Authority ( LRA ) the guiding agency to lead the state's rebuilding efforts following the catastrophic Hurricanes Katrina and Rita .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Max Baucus	Montana	Sen. Max Baucus of Montana chairman of the Finance Committee said citizenship checks already included in federal programs like Medicaid would be preserved in new legislation .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	G-Unit	Young Buck	Former G-Unit artist Young Buck asked fellow Southern rappers T.I. and Ludacris to appear on his new record on the track Stomp .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	University of Puerto Rico at Ponce	Ponce	In addition to commencing construction of the University of Puerto Rico at Ponce for which the Ponce Municipal Government provided $ Cintron Garcia also rebuilt the aging Hospital Municipal Tricoche .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Syria	Hashim al-Atassi	In the aftermath of the Clemenceau negotiations in January 1920 violent attacks against French forces occurred sporadically across Syria and effectively the Syrian Congress assembled in March 1920 to declare Faisal the king of Syria as well as to officially set up the Arab Kingdom of Syria with Hashim al-Atassi as Prime Minister .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Labor	Frances Perkins	He eventually became president of that union and then served as Director of Labor for the State of Illinois from 1933 to 1941 during which time he worked closely with President Roosevelt's Secretary of Labor Frances Perkins .
no_relation	his	Prime Minister	During his visit he met Prime Minister of Romania Adrian N?stase .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Stax	Rufus Thomas	Rufus and Carla was the moniker Stax Records used when releasing duets by Rufus Thomas and daughter Carla Thomas .
no_relation	Michigan	University of Detroit Mercy	The sponsors of ICLE are the State Bar of Michigan the University of Michigan Law School Wayne State University Law School the University of Detroit Mercy College of Law the Michigan State University College of Law and Thomas M. Cooley Law School .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Academy Award-winning	Maureen McGovern	The Academy Award-winning song We May Never Love Like This Again was composed by Al Kasha and Joel Hirschorn and performed by Maureen McGovern who appears in a cameo as a lounge singer and on the score's soundtrack album which features the film recording plus the commercially released single version .
org:alternate_names(e1,e2)	International Federation of Journalists	International	One certain organisations are concerned with all aspects of safety in news gathering and so the International Federation of Journalists and the International News Safety Institute also record accidents that have occurred at work .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e2,e1)	Florida	Mel Martinez	The show's first guests were then Republican National Committee Chairman and Florida Senator Mel Martinez and New Jersey Senator Bob Menendez .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Hua	Communist Party	Hua also changed the Chinese national anthem to incorporate Mao Zedong and the Chinese Communist Party switching the tone from being war-rallying to purely Communist propaganda .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	his	England	After his marriage he returned to England in 1775 where he studied law at the Middle Temple .
org:members(e2,e1)	Attack Squadron 46	United States Navy	Attack Squadron 46 ( VA-46 or ATKRON 46 ) was an attack squadron of the United States Navy that was active during the Cold War .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Nicaragua	Ortega	In September 2010 after a US report listed Nicaragua as a major drug-trafficking centre with Costa Rica and Honduras Ortega urged the US Congress and Obama administration to allocate more resources to assist the fight against drug trafficking.U.S .
per:country_of_birth(e1,e2)	Juan Carlos Wasmosy	Paraguay	Juan Carlos Wasmosy Monti ( born December 15 1938 ) was the President of Paraguay from 1993 until 1998 .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	National Defence Commission	Kim Jong-Il	Over the past year North Korea carried out personnel changes at the powerful National Defence Commission chaired by Kim Jong-Il and reshuffled its government cabinet .
per:country_of_birth(e2,e1)	Ukraine	Mykola Azarov	Ukraine Prime Minister Mykola Azarov met his Macedonian counterpart Nikola Gruevski Wednesday to discuss bilateral economic cooperation .
per:spouse(e2,e1)	Teresa Felicia	he	On 4 July 1877 he married Teresa Felicia with whom he had a further two sons and one daughter .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	France	Claude Monet	GIVERNY France -- While in Paris we decided on a day trip to the home and gardens of French Impressionist Claude Monet .
org:members(e1,e2)	G-Unit	Lloyd Banks	In the music video directed by Jessy Terrero it features various cameo appearances by G-Unit members including 50 Cent Lloyd Banks and Tony Yayo .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Saab	Sweden	A Saab spokesman Eric Geers said that GM was still preparing to wind down Saab's operations in Trollhattan Sweden but that it was continuing to evaluate potential bids .
no_relation	Delhi	Jamia Hamdard	The main source for higher education for Sankhni is Aligarh Muslim University Jamia Millia Islamia Delhi University Jamia Hamdard Chaudhary Charan Singh University Meerut UP technical Board CBSE Allahbad Board NIOS UGC approved and some distance learning colleges .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Japan	The Stalin	Early examples of punk rock in Japan include SS The Star Club The Stalin Inu Gaseneta Bomb Factory Lizard ( who were produced by the Stranglers ) and Friction ( whose guitarist Reck had previously played with Teenage Jesus and the Jerks before returning to Tokyo ) and The Blue Hearts .
org:top_members/employees(e2,e1)	United States	Coast Guard	Those National Guard soldiers who subsequently serve in the active or reserve federal forces of the United States Army Navy Marine Corps Coast Guard or United States Air Force ( i.e. as active duty or reserve members of the Army Navy Air Force Marine Corps or Coast Guard ) may not continue to wear and display such decorations on a military uniform unless such activation is under Title 32 status .
per:title(e2,e1)	producer	Jerry Bruckheimer	He's so handsome said Pirates of the Caribbean producer Jerry Bruckheimer .
per:origin(e2,e1)	Canadian	Paul Quarrington	Whale Music is a novel by Canadian writer Paul Quarrington .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Simmons	Israel	Simmons ' father Feri Witz also Hungarian-born remained in Israel where he had one other son and three daughters .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Bill Haley	Decca	Two additional groups claim the name Bill Haley 's Comets and have extensively toured in the United States since forming in the 1980s : one originally Haley's 1965 68 drummer John Bam-Bam Lane the other run by Al Rappa who played bass for Haley off-and-on between late 1959 and early 1969 ( the 1959 album Strictly Instrumental on Decca was Al Rappa's first recording session with Bill Haley His Comets .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	Los Angeles Times	Tribune Company	Ongo more than doubled its number of available publications in May 2011 when the site announced it had added the Los Angeles Times Reuters regional New York Times company papers the Chicago Tribune and other papers owned by the Tribune Company .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Kean University	New Jersey	Kramer is a founder of the Holocaust Resource Center at Kean University in Union New Jersey .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	me	Quebec	Like me they strive for an independent Quebec .
no_relation	Nanyang University	1980	Nanyang University was merged with the University of Singapore in 1980 to form the National University of Singapore ( NUS ) in part due to the government's desire to pool the two institutions ' resources into a single stronger entity and promote the English language as Singapore's only main language .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Ma Ying-jeou	Kuomintang	But relations have warmed since Ma Ying-jeou of the China-friendly Kuomintang came to power last year with the two sides signing agreements that have led to regular direct flights increased investment opportunities and a tourist boom .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Altadis	Madrid	Altadis closed at 48.10 euros in Madrid on Tuesday .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	WADF	United States	The WADF was responsible for the air defense of the Western United States and controlled air defense units in Washington Oregon California Arizona Nevada Idaho Wyoming Colorado Montana and New Mexico .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Amintore Fanfani.Cavazza	Italy	Bernabei was also a close friend and associate of five-time Prime Minister and important Christian Democrat Amintore Fanfani.Cavazza Fabio Luca Italy : from Party Occupation to Party Partition in Smith Anthony and Ortmark eds. Television and political life : studies in six European countries pp. 76 114 ( Macmillan 1979 ) .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	University of Missouri	Columbia	Juries in medical malpractice cases tend to sympathize with the doctors being sued rather than the patients who are suing them a law professor at the University of Missouri at Columbia has concluded after analyzing three decades of research on the subject .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Iraq	People	Camp Ashraf or Ashraf City was a refugee camp in Iraq 's Diyala province and headquarters of the exiled People 's Mujahedin of Iran ( PMOI/MEK ) .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Trinidad and Tobago	TT Pro League	San Juan Jabloteh was a football club located in San Juan Trinidad and Tobago that formally played in the country's TT Pro League .
per:country_of_birth(e2,e1)	Australia	Ben Chifley	The incumbent Liberal Party of Australia led by Menzies with coalition partner the Country Party led by Arthur Fadden defeated the Australian Labor Party led by Ben Chifley and gained control of the Senate with 32 seats to Labor's 28 .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Pantheon-Assas University	France	Other than Pantheon-Assas University the school has attracted the most prestigious law faculty in France according to the University of Connecticut's website .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	His	Nettwerk Records	His debut album Catch the Brass Ring was released on by Nettwerk Records on September 4 2007 .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Singapore	Ong Teng Cheong	Tan has conducted Singapore Symphony Orchestra musicians in a Singapore-Japan Composers Exchange Concert Singapore National Youth Orchestra musicians in the Ong Teng Cheong Concert as well as several performances with the Philharmonic Winds .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Togo	Gilbert Houngbo	Togo 's Prime Minister Gilbert Houngbo said Angola had not done enough to protect the team after Friday's attack in Cabinda -- the oil-rich region in northern Angola which has seen occasional separatist violence .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	he	Dream Theater	Perhaps he is best known as the second vocalist for the progressive metal band Dream Theater having replaced Chris Collins ( while the band was called Majesty ) and later being replaced by James LaBrie .
org:alternate_names(e1,e2)	Texas Southern University	Texas State University for Negroes	The ' separate ' law school and the college became the Thurgood Marshall School of Law at Texas Southern University ( known then as Texas State University for Negroes ) .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	Islamic Affairs and Kuwait Institute for Scientific Research	Cooperation Council for the Arab States of the Gulf	Mazeedi through Kuwait government ( Ministry of Awqaf and Islamic Affairs and Kuwait Institute for Scientific Research ) and GSO ( Gulf Standard Organization ) of the GCC Cooperation Council for the Arab States of the Gulf organized the first gulf conference on the Halal Industry and its Services in January 2011 .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Bolivia	Paz Estenssoro	Formally coca in Bolivia is regulated by Law 1008 the Coca and Controlled Substances Regime Law ( ) which was passed by the government of President Paz Estenssoro in July 1988 .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	No. 12 Group RAF	RAF Watnall	Most of the region was protected by a solitary RAF station RAF Digby near Sleaford part of No. 12 Group RAF and controlled from RAF Watnall .
org:members(e2,e1)	University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill	NCAA	The North Carolina Tar Heels men's soccer team represents the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill in men's Division I NCAA soccer competition .
per:country_of_birth(e2,e1)	Mexico	Porfirio	Aside from a prolific career as a banker industrialist and trader he was elected alderman local and federal deputy ambassador of Mexico to the United States governor of Chihuahua in two occasions and served in the cabinet of President Porfirio as his Minister of Foreign Affairs in the last years of his regime .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Frida Kahlo	Mexico	Three years later he obtained a role in Frida naturaleza viva a film about the life of Frida Kahlo he then studied at the Centro de ( Center of Film Training ) in Mexico City .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Ho Chi Minh	Vietnam	In the early 2000 the Communist government in Hanoi decided to construct a highway the Ho Chi Minh Highway along the Truong Son Range to connect North Vietnam with South Vietnam parallel to the existing Highway 1 in the coastal areas of Central Vietnam .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	Fontanne	Genesee Depot	Lunt and Fontanne 's residence in Genesee Depot was their summer home and a popular gathering place for theater people .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Nixon	House Un-American Activities Committee	In 1948 Nixon was a member of the United States House of Representatives serving on the House Un-American Activities Committee which was investigating communism in the United States .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	The Rolling Stones	Bill Wyman	( 1 ) Dee Gee Publications ) The Rolling Stones Overcoats ( photo includes : Mick Jagger Keith Richards Bill Wyman Charlie Watts and Brian Jones .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	Scorpions	RCA	Following the addition of Jabs Scorpions left RCA for Mercury Records in the States and Harvest/EMI Electrola worldwide to record their next album Lovedrive .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	John Mooney	New Orleans	John Mooney ( born April 3 1955 ) is an American blues guitarist and singer based in New Orleans Louisiana .
per:title(e1,e2)	Wera Engels	actress	Wera Engels was a German actress .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Georgia Department of Transportation	Georgia	The Georgia Department of Transportation ( GDOT ) is the organization in charge of developing and maintaining all state and federal roadways in the U.S. state of Georgia .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Rouvas	Greece	The album was re-released in May 2004 to contain Rouvas ' hit Shake It along with a remix which was Greece 's entrant in the Eurovision Song Contest 2004 that won third place .
org:top_members/employees(e2,e1)	Rupert Stadler	Audi	As Volkswagen representatives Piech and Schaller would join Rupert Stadler head of VW's Audi subsidiary .
no_relation	Ibrahim Rugova	LDK	Sejdiu a former law professor was a key associate of late Kosovo leader Ibrahim Rugova and led the LDK party since its first political steps in 1989 .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	John V. Kenny	Jersey City	In an investigation into Bergen County corruption following the Kefauver hearings Dickerson testified that he had helped Democrat John V. Kenny in his 1949 campaign for mayor of Jersey City as a way of disrupting the Hudson County political machine of Frank Hague .
no_relation	1993	Winnipeg Fury	Adding the ' C ' in 1993 was a result of the folding of the original CSL and the accepting of the Winnipeg Fury making the league more national .
no_relation	Toole	his	The face-to-face rejection Carter dealt Toole drove him further into despair and he became angry with his mother for causing him further embarrassment.Nevils and Hardy .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	The Offspring	Dexter Holland	It was the band's first release on the label Nitro Records ( owned by The Offspring 's Dexter Holland ) who would release the rest of their albums before their indefinite hiatus in 2001 .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	University	Manitoba	Retrieved November 22 2011 In 2010-2011 the University of Manitoba had a General Operating Budget of $ 514.3 million dollars .
no_relation	Switzerland	Gordonstoun	She attended boarding school in Switzerland and Scotland ( Gordonstoun where The Prince Andrew was one of her classmates ) .
org:top_members/employees(e2,e1)	Angel Ramos	El Mundo	During this time he also worked as a consulting engineer for Angel Ramos 's El Mundo Enterprises .
per:title(e2,e1)	director	Mario Monicelli	Oscar-nominated director and screenwriter Mario Monicelli considered one of the fathers of the Italian comedy of the 1940s-1960s died Monday after jumping from a fifth-story hospital window the hospital said .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Venezuela	Gallegos	After the coup that ousted Isaias Medina Angarita he became the rector of the Universidad Central de Venezuela ( Central University of Venezuela ) and was subsequently appointed Venezuela's ambassador to the United Kingdom under President Gallegos 's term .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	State	William L. Marcy	On January 27 the Legislature re-elected Secretary of State Azariah C. Flagg Surveyor General Simeon De Witt and State Treasurer Abraham Keyser Jr. ; and elected Congressman Silas Wright Jr. to succeed William L. Marcy as State Comptroller ; and Greene C. Bronson to succeed Samuel A. Talcott as Attorney General .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	he	Singapore	In 1969 he co-founded the Singapore Watercolour Society with artists like Lim Cheng Hoe and Loy Chye Chuan and served as the Society treasurer for many years .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	ABC	the Walt Disney Company	We see strong growth potential in bringing together Playdom's talented team and capabilities with our great creative properties people and world-renowned brands like Disney ABC ESPN and Marvel said Robert A. Iger president and Chief Executive Officer of the Walt Disney Company .
per:title(e1,e2)	George Miller	physician	Brigadier General George Miller Sternberg ( June 8 1838 November 3 1915 ) was a U.S. Army physician who is considered the first U.S. bacteriologist having written Manual of Bacteriology ( 1892 ) .
org:founded_by(e1,e2)	band	Rachel Hall	The band was formed in 1990 by Haverford College and Bryn Mawr College students and alumni Rachel Hall Tom Rhoads Jim Speer and Helene Zisook .
no_relation	University of Stuttgart	Stuttgart	Institute of Sanitary Engineering Water Quality and Solid Waste Management University of Stuttgart 2 D-70569 Stuttgart Germany 2 .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Garbage	Butch Vig	Manson confirmed in March 2006 that she had begun work on a solo album working with songwriter Paul Buchanan producer Greg Kurstin soundtrack composer David Arnold and Garbage drummer Butch Vig stating that she had no timetable for completing the project .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Pinto	Chile	In January 1878 once the dispute with Argentina had been settled President Pinto instructed Alberto Blest Gana to arrange for the sale of the two frigates in order to alleviate the economic crisis that had prevailed in Chile for several years .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	St. Raphael Academy	Pawtucket	He went to St. Ann School in Providence Rhode Island and attended St. Raphael Academy a Roman Catholic high school in Pawtucket Rhode Island .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Afghanistan	Ahmad Zia Massoud	The National Front of Afghanistan which was created by Ahmad Zia Massoud Abdul Rashid Dostum and Mohammad Mohaqiq in late 2011 to oppose peace talks with Taliban is generally considered as a reformation of the military wing of the United Front .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Singapore	Management Development Institute of Singapore	The Singapore universities which are offering scholarships to Myanmar students are -- Management Development Institute of Singapore ERC Institute of Singapore The Nanyang Institute of Management ( NIM ) The PSB Academy and The TMC Education Group .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	United States	Cornerstone	Born Blind toured across the United States headlining festivals such as Cornerstone Festival and Solid State Festival ; before calling it quits in January 2001 .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	Viacom	National Amusements	PHMD distributes most of the programming assets owned by Viacom parent National Amusements .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	John Ensign	Nevada	Sen. John Ensign of Nevada who chairs the National Republican Senatorial Committee raised the prospect of public ethics hearings should Craig remain in office .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Essendon	David Hille	His best game for the Swans came against Essendon the week after with a season-high 46 hitouts against the Bombers whose ruckman David Hille was injured in the same match .
org:top_members/employees(e1,e2)	Petplan	Natasha Ashton	Petplan was founded in September 2003 by husband and wife entrepreneurs Chris and Natasha Ashton .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Ho Chi Minh	Vietnam	The Ho Chi Minh Stock Exchange previously known as The Ho Chi Minh Securities Trading Centre was officially opened in 2000 providing Vietnam with its first stock market .
per:origin(e2,e1)	American	Tori Amos	Crucify is a song by American singer-songwriter and musician Tori Amos .
per:title(e2,e1)	President	Isaias Afewerki	A strategic relationship between the new government of Eritrea and Israel when Eritrea's President Isaias Afewerki travelled to Israel for medical treatment in 1993 .
org:founded(e1,e2)	GLAA	1971	GLAA is a non-partisan advocacy organization founded April 20 1971 as the Gay Activist Alliance of Washington .
org:top_members/employees(e1,e2)	Green Party of England and Wales	Caroline Lucas	This is a list of key figures in the Green Party of England and Wales : Leader : Caroline Lucas MP Deputy Leader : Adrian Ramsay Cllr Leader of Brighton Hove Council : Darren Johnson AM Jenny Jones AM Jean Lambert MEP Keith Taylor MEP Caroline Lucas MP Chair : Jayne Forbes Elections Co-ordinator : Judy Maciejowska Policy Co-ordinators : Chris Hyland and Jim Jepps Finance Co-ordinator : Dean Walton External Communications co-ordinator : Penny Kemp Campaigns Co-ordinator : Romayne Phoenix Publications Co-ordinator : Edward Milford International Co-ordinator : John Street Internal Communications Co-ordinator : Charlotte Dingle Local Party Support Co-ordinator : Gayle O'Donnovan Management Co-ordinator : Tom Beaton Equality and Diversity Co-ordinator : Derek Wall - Former Principal Speaker Rupert Read Cllr Shahrar Ali Sian Berry - Former Principle Speaker and 2008 London Mayoral candidate Margeret White Cllr - Former Principle Speaker ( 1 ) ( 2 ) .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Susan Collins	Maine	`` In the last election the voters said they were sick of the partisanship that produces gridlock '' Lieberman and Sen. Susan Collins Maine the panel's ranking Republican said in their statement .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	South Carolina Army National Guard	South Carolina	It is along with the South Carolina Army National Guard an element of the South Carolina National Guard .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	State	William L. Marcy	New U.S. Commissioner David L. Gregg received instructions from Secretary of State William L. Marcy and negotiated a treaty of annexation with Wyllie by August 1854 .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	ASD	Afrob	In 2003 Samy Deluxe founded the rap duo ASD with fellow rapper Afrob .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Lithuania	W?adys?aw IV Va	The Deputy Chancellor of Lithuania Stefan Pac was visited here by the King of Poland and Grand duke of Lithuania W?adys?aw IV Va sa on July 15 1636 .
per:origin(e2,e1)	French	Edgar Degas	One of French artist Edgar Degas ' paintings which has an estimated value of 30 million euros ( 45 million U.S. dollars ) was stolen overnight from a museum in south France's port city of Marseilles police said on Thursday .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	The Bon	Federated Department Stores	The Bon was renamed Bon-Macy's in 2003 and eventually Macy's in 2005 as part of a rebranding effort by its owner Federated Department Stores .
per:cities_of_residence(e2,e1)	Los Angeles	Walter Mosley	Los Angeles magazine in an article on the hottest LA mystery writers included her in a group composed of Michael Connelly Walter Mosley James Ellroy and Robert Crais .
per:origin(e2,e1)	Pakistan	Pervez Musharraf	It houses more than prisoners including convicted terroristsPakistan : In the Land of Conspiracy Theories By Sharmeen Obaid Chinoy - PBS that include militants who attempted to assassinate President of Pakistan Pervez Musharraf .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Pakistan	Nawaz Sharif	He also covered the activities of ex-Presidents of Pakistan Wasim Sajjad ( ex-Chairman of the Senate of Pakistan ) Sardar Farooq Laghari ex-Prime ministers of Pakistan Mian Muhammad Nawaz Sharif ( Leader of Pakistan Muslim League N ) Benazir Bhutto ( ex-Chairperson of Pakistan Peoples Party ) Mir Zafarullah Khan Jamali Ex Chief Ministers of Baluchistan Sardar Akhtar Mengal Mir Jan Mohammad Jamali and others leaders .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Boston University	MA	She graduated from the State University of New York at Albany and from Boston University with an MA .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Treasury	Robert Rubin	Elmendorf replaced him as director of the Project a forum for economic policy discussion that was created by Bill Clinton's Treasury Secretary Robert Rubin an advocate of free trade and a small deficit .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	New York Life Insurance Company	New York	The Former New York Life Insurance Company Building also known as the Clock Tower Building located at 346 Broadway between Catherine Lane and Leonard Street in Manhattan New York City was built between 1894 and 1899 .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Julian Cope	The Teardrop Explodes	Other explanations have included a reference to the Jamiroquai song Morning Glory released in 1994 or a jibe at Julian Cope who like Dave Balfe was formerly a member of The Teardrop Explodes and was known for using LSD .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Monet	France	The subjects were painted in fields near Monet 's home in Giverny France .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	England	Harold Harefoot	England 's magnates favoured the idea of installing Harold Harefoot temporarily as regent or joint monarch due to the difficulty of Harthacnut's absence and despite the opposition of Godwin the Earl of Wessex and the Queen he eventually wore the crown .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Bauhaus	Love and Rockets	After disbanding all four members of Bauhaus undertook various solo projects before Ash David J and Kevin Haskins reformed as Love and Rockets in 1985 .
per:alternate_names(e2,e1)	Natasha Alexandra Rastapkavicius Arrondo	1975  pr	Natasha Alexandra Rastapkavicius Arrondo ( Russian Cyrillic : ; born 25 June 1975 pr ofessionally known as Natasha Klauss is a Colombian actress of Colombian and Lithuanian descent best known for her roles in Telemundo telenovelas La Venganza de Gavilanes and Zorro : La Espada y la Rosa .
per:title(e2,e1)	guitarist	Ron Asheton	Other than Iggy Pop Asheton is the only consistent member of the Stooges since the death of his brother guitarist Ron Asheton in 2009 .
no_relation	England	Henry Moore	The Yorkshire Sculpture Park in the parkland of Bretton Hall in West Bretton Wakefield in West Yorkshire England ( ) is an open-air gallery showing work by UK and international artists including Henry Moore and Barbara Hepworth .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Cornell	New York City	The Dutch pop band The Nits released a song Soap Bubble Box on their 1992 album Ting about seeing some of Cornell 's boxes in the Museum of Modern Art in New York City .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Cooper Union	New York	Cooper Union 's Foundation Building is an Italianate brownstone and the first structure in New York City to feature rolled-iron I-beams for structural support ; Peter Cooper himself invented and produced these beams .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Doug Scott	Illinois	Last April Doug Scott director of the Illinois EPA said the public's health never was at risk because the well water was diluted with treated Lake Michigan water .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Darin	Decca	Darin left Decca to sign with Atlantic Records ' Atco subsidiary where he wrote and arranged music for himself and others .
no_relation	Def Jam	Redman	By the year 2000 Saukrates reached another big deal with Def Jam and Gilla House Records ( owned by Redman ) .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Osmania University	Andhra Pradesh	Nizampur University College ( ) ( ) is a constituent college of Osmania University established in 1887 during the reign of Nawab Mir Mahaboob Ali Khan Asaf Jah VI in Basheerbagh Hyderabad Andhra Pradesh .
no_relation	Norway	Tine	Norvegia ( Latin for Norway ) is Norwegian cheese produced by Tine .
per:spouse(e1,e2)	Charlotte of Mecklenburg-Strelitz	George	The fort was named after Charlotte of Mecklenburg-Strelitz who was the wife of King George III .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	University of Minnesota	Minneapolis	Meza often uses ephemeral media such as sound and video projections to create transformative spacesIrish Museum of Modern Art : Abinadi Meza ( USA ) and explore relationships regarding individuals and social context.Opsound New York Meza earned a Bachelor of Arts degree in art and creative writing from the University of Northern Iowa Cedar Falls ( 1999 ) ; an Master of Fine Arts degree in art from the University of Minnesota Minneapolis ( 2004 ) ; and an Master of Architecture degree from the Southern California Institute of Architecture Los Angeles ( 2009 ) .
org:members(e2,e1)	University of Pittsburgh	Division I	The University of Pittsburgh sponsors in 19 varsity sports in NCAA Division I ( Division I FBS for football ) the highest competitive level of intercollegiate athletics in the United States .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Transport	Ong Tee Keat	I personally will step in to investigate Transport Minister Ong Tee Keat told the official Bernama news agency .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Correa	Ecuador	Correa complained that these types of operations were demonized and denied that Ecuador is beholden to or has mortgaged its petroleum to China .
org:founded_by(e2,e1)	Mother Angelica	Eternal Word Television Network	In the United States one of the order's best-known members is Mother Angelica the founder of the Eternal Word Television Network .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Italy	Giulio Tremonti	An official with the Swiss People's Party ( SVP ) said it was behind posters showing three rats representing a Roma thief an Italian worker and Italy 's Finance Minister Giulio Tremonti nibbling at a piece of Swiss cheese .
org:founded(e1,e2)	Bartlett High School	1997	Bartlett High School opened its doors in August 1997 as the fourth high school in the Elgin Area School District U46 .
no_relation	Deutsche Telekom	AG	The full Nexus Telecom portfolio includes : Nexus8610 - Traffic Simulation System Nexus8630 - 3G Access Protocol Analyzer NexusMETER - QoS Resources Performance Management System NexusMEDIATION - Collection Mediation System NexusNETVIEW - Signaling Surveillance System NexusNETVIEW - Mobile Broadband NexusTRACE - All Software Protocol Analyzer NexusVERIFIER - Roaming Test System With solutions deployed in over 100 countries Nexus Telecom installed customer base includes many of the world's well-known telecom operators like Deutsche Telekom AG Telenor Group Axiata Group Zain Group Orascom Group and others .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	Jacob	Hauts-de-Seine	Jacob was born in Suresnes Hauts-de-Seine a western suburb of Paris .
per:origin(e2,e1)	Chinese	Hua Guofeng	1981 : Hu Yaobang takes over as chairman of the Chinese Communist Party succeeding Hua Guofeng .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	she	Ontario	During the 1960s she served as president of the Ontario Woodsworth Memorial Foundation .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Carlton	atlantic	In August 2005 Carlton said she was to enter the recording studio the following month with producer Linda Perry with whom she had previously collaborated after executives at atlantic Records sent her into the studio to record a second single for Harmonium .
org:members(e1,e2)	Infantry	25th Infantry Regiment	War Department tradition and policy mandated the segregation of African Americans into separate military units staffed by white officers as had been done previously with the 9th Cavalry 10th Cavalry 24th Infantry Regiment and 25th Infantry Regiment .
no_relation	He	D.C.	He exhibited at the Art Institute of Chicago the Corcoran Gallery of American Art in Washington D.C. and the National Academy of Design in New York .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	College of the Sequoias	Visalia	He originally signed with Mizzou in February 2009 but had to go to junior college ( College of the Sequoias in Visalia California ) to improve his grades ; played DT for them in the past two years .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	airline	Frankfurt	Worst hit by the strike were the airline 's hubs in Frankfurt Europe's third biggest airport and Munich .
org:members(e1,e2)	North America	Church of God	The first students came from the founding denominations : the Evangelical Church of North America Northwest Yearly Meeting of Friends the Free Methodists the Nazarenes and the Church of God ( Anderson Indiana ) .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	Jaidev	Bombay	In the same year he also recorded bhajan songs ( six pieces ) under the music of Music director Jaidev in Bombay for Gandhi Ashram shadow bale program in Ahmadabad .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	Zuffa LLC	Ultimate Fighting Championship	This was the WEC's last event before being purchased by Zuffa LLC the parent company of the Ultimate Fighting Championship .
no_relation	Chuck Berry	Chess	* Chuck Berry - Roll Over Beethoven - Chess 1626 v Chuck Berry - Too Much Monkey Business - Chess 1635 .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Tiffany	California	The next year would be a test -- of Tiffany and her parents and also of California 's mental health system which so often fails the toughest cases .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	State Engineering University of Armenia	Armenia	The State Engineering University of Armenia ( SEUA ) ( ) is a technical university located in Yerevan Armenia .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Gabon	Jean Eyeghe Ndong	Gabon 's Prime Minister Jean Eyeghe Ndong earlier denied reports that the president had died on Sunday .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Ben Lawson	Australia	Ben Lawson as Liam Priory a first-year associate from Australia who is too-cool and possesses an uncircumcised penis .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Risto Ryti	Finland	The treaty was signed by Vyacheslav Molotov Andrey Zhdanov and Aleksandr Vasilevsky for Soviet Union and Risto Ryti Juho Kusti Paasikivi Rudolf Walden and Voionmaa for Finland .
per:title(e1,e2)	Henry Silva	actor	Henry Silva ( born September 15 1928 ) is an American film and television actor .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Bank of Ningbo	Ningbo	Bank of Ningbo Company Limited ( ) is a city commercial bank in Ningbo Zhejiang China .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Morarji Desai	India	When Morarji Desai was asked as to why the Indian military never intervened in his country political affairs he replied : ' The Indian military knew full well that if martial law were to be imposed there would be thousands of bodies littering the streets of India and one of them would be that of Morarji Desai . ' .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Hunan Normal University	China	He graduated from English Department of Hunan Normal University in 1977 and admitted to China Foreign Affairs University pursuing a master degree from 1981 to 1984 .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	de San	Argentina	( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/John_Wilkes ) 1817 : An army of over soldiers led by General de San crossed the Andes from Argentina to liberate Chile and then Peru from Spanish rule .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Newfoundland	Richard Squires	In 1928 he acted as campaign manager for the Prime Minister of the Dominion of Newfoundland Sir Richard Squires .
per:alternate_names(e1,e2)	IMx	Immature	Introducing IMx is the fifth album by IMx formerly known as Immature released on October 26 1999 on MCA Records .
org:top_members/employees(e1,e2)	People	Sangay Ngedup	The People 's Democratic Party won the other two but its leader Sangay Ngedup lost the election in his constituency .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Japan	Yasuo Fukuda	The White House congratulated Japan 's new Prime Minister Yasuo Fukuda on his election to the post which he took over on Tuesday from outgoing premier Shinzo Abe .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Sharon	Israel	Sharon now 82 was stricken months after completing Israel 's unilateral 2005 withdrawal from Gaza and setting up the centrist Kadima Party after failing to get backing from his hawkish Likud for the pullout .
no_relation	La Martiniere College	Lucknow	Born in Lucknow India Dr. Mehta was educated at La Martiniere College ( he was in Hodson House ) and the University of Lucknow at Canning College .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	India	Osho	On reaching India Joshua learned to play the sitar from Ustad Usman Khan and Osho .
org:founded_by(e1,e2)	Rap Snacks	James	Rap Snacks were created by James Fly Lindsay in 1994 .
no_relation	T. Hasegawa	Tokyo	T. Hasegawa was established in 1903 as Hasegawa Totaro Shoten in Tokyo Japan by Totaro Hasegawa .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Walder	Nomad Soul Records	In 2006 after moving to New Zealand to appear as lead actor in the award winning feature film The Lunatics Ball Walder launched his own music label Nomad Soul Records .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	she	Iceland	she was born in northern Iceland as one of nine children .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Stephen Harper	Canada	Prime Minister Stephen Harper invited his newly installed Israeli counterpart Benjamin Netanyahu to visit Canada in a phone conversation on Thursday .
org:founded_by(e2,e1)	GFTU	International Federation	GFTU participated in the foundation of the International Federation of Trade Unions at the Concertgebouw Amsterdam in July 1919 .
no_relation	37	Platit	There are 350 installations on 37 countries.Compendium 2013 Platit is wholly mainly owned by BCI Group Company a Swiss conglomerate that focusses on products for the Swiss watch industry .
per:spouse(e2,e1)	Claude Blanchet	Pauline Marois	The company is headed by Claude Blanchet who is married to Pauline Marois leader of the Parti .
org:founded_by(e2,e1)	Charles Milford Bergstresser	Dow Jones Company	Charles Milford Bergstresser ( 1858 1923 ) was an American journalist and with Charles Dow and Edward Jones one of the founders of Dow Jones Company at 15 Wall Street in 1882 .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Taylor	Liberia	The skulls were of soldiers killed in clashes with Taylor 's National Patriotic Front of Liberia ( NPFL ) which invaded the country from the Ivory Coast in 1989 to oust his predecessor president Samuel Doe .
org:members(e2,e1)	Wake Forest University	Division I	The 2012 Wake Forest Demon Deacons men's soccer team represented Wake Forest University during the 2012 NCAA Division I men's soccer season .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	He	Ohio	He previously served as the Ohio Secretary of State ( 1983 1991 ) and a member of the Ohio House of Representatives ( 1974 1982 ) .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Kore University of Enna	Enna	The Kore University of Enna in Italian Kore di Enna is a university founded in 1995 in Enna the capital city of the Province of Enna in the center of Sicily and has been visited by two Italian Presidents ( Oscar Luigi Scalfaro before and Carlo Azeglio Ciampi for the final inauguration ) .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Donna Shalala	President	Former Senate Majority Leader Bob Dole a Republican and Donna Shalala who was health secretary under Democratic former President Bill Clinton head the Commission on Care for America's Returning Wounded Warriors holding its first meeting Saturday .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Bethel College	North Newton	The opening night cast consisted of : When Kesselring taught at Bethel College in North Newton Kansas he lived in a boarding house called the Goerz House and many of the features of its living room are reflected in the Brewster sisters ' living room where the action of the play is set .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e2,e1)	Texas	Lyle Lovett	MUSIC-LOVETT ( SAEN ) -- Idiosyncratic Texas singer-songwriter Lyle Lovett talks about his new CD .
org:city_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Kolkata	Kolkata Metro	File : Kolkata Metro.jpg | Kolkata Metro train File : Chennai local 14003 .
per:country_of_birth(e2,e1)	England	Stanley Kubrick	One man's England is another's America and vice versa - so long as the man is Stanley Kubrick that is .
org:founded(e1,e2)	Comcast	1963	As the meeting wound down Roberts who founded Comcast in Tupelo Miss. in 1963 said : I 've done a lot of deals in my life .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Health	Chua Soi Lek	The decision was made because the Cabinet feels it is its responsibility to see that children below 12 years of age are instilled with good eating habits Health Minister Chua Soi Lek was quoted as saying by the national news agency Bernama .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Indiana Northeastern Railroad	Indiana	Indiana Northeastern Railroad is a short-line railroad operating in northeastern Indiana northwestern Ohio and southern Michigan .
per:alternate_names(e2,e1)	Hazel Pascual Reyes	Ara Mina	Hazel Pascual Reyes ( born on May 9 1979 in Manila Philippines ) better known by her screen name Ara Mina is a Filipina actress fashion model and singer .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	John Charles Keegan	Arizona	John Charles Keegan is a retired judge of the Justice Court in Maricopa County Arizona .
org:top_members/employees(e1,e2)	Lancashire	Mike Watkinson	On the advice of former Pakistan and Lancashire all-rounder Wasim Akram Lancashire signed Junaid Khan on modest terms according to coach Mike Watkinson to play for them in the Friends Life t20 in June with the possibility of playing in the County Championship .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Woods	Some Bizzare	In mid-2008 Woods co-wrote several film scores with the Nitewreckers for Universal and also featured on the current Some Bizzare Double Album .
org:members(e2,e1)	University of South Florida	Big East	East Carolina University represented Conference USA and the University of South Florida represented the Big East Conference .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Nouri al-Maliki	Iraq	Prime Minister Nouri al-Maliki says 74 percent of Iraq 's $ 58 billion budget this year was used to pay the salaries and operations of Iraq's more than security personnel .
per:title(e1,e2)	Rick Froberg	artist	Singer/guitarist Rick Froberg who is also a visual artist provided the album's artwork .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	United States	Pontiac	The recall involves vehicles in the United States including the 2005-2007 Cadillac CTS and STS sedans 2005-2007 Cadillac SRX crossovers and 2006-2007 Pontiac Solstice and the 2007 Saturn Sky convertibles .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	Richard Mellon Scaife	Pittsburgh	He was found on the 39th floor in the restroom of the offices of Richard Mellon Scaife inside One Oxford Center Pittsburgh .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	Boomerang	TBS	Much of the programming that makes up the core of Boomerang 's current lineup was originally part of TBS 's Disaster Area a block of children's programming that aired throughout 1997 to 1999 .
org:alternate_names(e1,e2)	the Vanguard group	Lesbian Center	Ravarour renamed the Vanguard group as the Gay and Lesbian Center and Glide began a new Vanguard program which it called the Hospitality House that exists today .
per:origin(e1,e2)	Pridi Phanomyong	Thai	However as Phibun had during the war refused Japanese pressure to arrest alleged resistance leaders and had allegedly looked the other way as Pridi Phanomyong the leader of the Free Thai Movement developed contacts with the Allies during the war and with public opinion favourable to all those arrested by the Allies the Thai Supreme Court ruled that they could not be prosecuted under a war crime statute imposing the death sentence that had been enacted after the end of the war and ordered their release .
no_relation	Lorenzo Fertitta	Zuffa	Dana White serves as the president of the UFC while Frank and Lorenzo Fertitta control the UFC's parent company Zuffa LLC .
org:top_members/employees(e2,e1)	professor	McGill University	This study contributes to accumulating evidence that caloric restriction acts by altering hormone levels rather than by directly starving cancers of energy Dr. Michael Pollak a professor of oncology at McGill University in Montreal wrote in an accompanying editorial .
org:top_members/employees(e2,e1)	Huang Guangyu	Gome Electrical Appliances	Huang Guangyu 's attempt to replace two directors on the board of Gome Electrical Appliances with his choices was rejected by a shareholder vote in Hong Kong on Tuesday the company secretary told a press conference .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	France	Jean-Louis Barrault	There he spent the next ten years living in a kibbutz and studying physics agronomy theology and theatre.The Denver Post Denver CO Wednesday November 20 1985 Boulder Mime Invites Audience Truly to Get Into the Act by Arlynn Nellhaus In 1958 he traveled to Paris France to study dance and drama at the Sorbonne as well as to study mime with the French masters Etienne Decroux Jean-Louis Barrault and Marcel Marceau.Rocky Mountain News Denver CO Friday December 30 1983 Mime Silent World Enhances Creativity Increases Honesty by Larry Brown Avital later performed with the Compagnie de Mime under the direction of Decroux ' son Maximilien Decroux .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	The Rolling Stones	Bill Wyman	Mother's Little Helper by The Rolling Stones Songfacts Richards also remembers the ending of the song being the idea of Bill Wyman Mother's Little Helper whose driving bass is a distinctive feature of the studio track .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Hank Williams	Alabama	At a chance meeting in Georgiana Hank Williams met U.S. Representative J. Lister Hill while he was campaigning across Alabama .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	United States	Pontiac	A variation sold in the United States as the Pontiac G8 was not recalled because its layout under the hood was different he said .
per:title(e1,e2)	Robert Schneider	guitarist	Frontman Robert Schneider thus became the band's lead guitarist .
no_relation	Nick Drake	Burma	Rykodisc had some notable successes in the CD-reissue industry as artists such as Elvis Costello David Bowie Yoko Ono Frank Zappa Nick Drake Nine Inch Nails Sugar Robert Wyatt and Mission of Burma allowed Rykodisc to issue their catalogs on CD .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	de Sherbrooke	Sherbrooke	The faculty is part of the de Sherbrooke and is located in Sherbrooke Quebec southeast of Montreal .
org:top_members/employees(e1,e2)	HSBC	Stuart Gulliver	As a result of Stephen Green's decision to step down earlier than planned Michael Geoghegan the then Group CEO of HSBC announced his retirement and Stuart Gulliver who led HSBC's investment-banking division since 2006 was appointed as the new Group CEO of HSBC Holdings plc effective 1 January 2011 .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	his	Grizzly Bear	In 2006 Droste noted that he and Bear : Regarding his contributions to the album drummer and backing vocalist Christopher Bear stated I basically came into Grizzly Bear after album was already finished .
org:members(e1,e2)	Take-Two Interactive	2K Marin	On March 11 2008 Take-Two Interactive officially announced that BioShock 2 was being developed by 2K Marin .
no_relation	he	London	In 1928 he was acquitted of indecent behaviour with a woman in London Hyde Park in a case that became a cause and had some influence on future handling by the police of such cases .
org:members(e2,e1)	Fiasco	Atlantic	In response Fiasco 's fans created an online petition demanding that Atlantic Records release Lasers .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Guizot	France	Guizot the French foreign minister had been a supporter of friendly relations with Britain and had served as France 's ambassador in London in 1840 .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	University of the South Pacific	Suva	A funeral service was held at the University of the South Pacific campus in Suva on 15 January 2009 .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	AirAsia X	Malaysia	In addition to Thursday's purchase of 50 A320 single-aisle planes by Wizz Airbus won deals from three Southeast Asian carriers : Vietnam Airlines Cebu Pacific of the Philippines and AirAsia X of Malaysia which ordered 10 of Airbus ' next-generation wide body the A350-XWB .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Princeton University	Albert W. Tucker	He obtained his Ph.D. from Princeton University in 1966 under the supervision of Albert W. Tucker .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Health and Human Services	Tommy Thompson	Logistics Health of LaCrosse Wis. is headed by another ex-official of the Bush administration - former Secretary of Health and Human Services Tommy Thompson .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Nawaz Sharif	Pakistan	Quoting sources in the government the private newspaper DAWN claimed Nawaz Sharif had decided against returning to Pakistan due to this decision and because the deal struck between Nawaz and Musharraf prevented the PML-N chief from contesting elections .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Mitch McConnell	Kentucky	Much of the legislation including the first increase in automobile fuel economy requirements in 32 years has near universal support said Senate Republican leader Mitch McConnell of Kentucky .
per:spouse(e2,e1)	Mary of Teck	George V of the United Kingdom	The most famous of the Teck family is considered to be Duke Francis's daughter Mary of Teck Queen consort to George V of the United Kingdom and Empress of India .
per:spouse(e1,e2)	John Franklin	Lady Jane Franklin	It was named after a young Aboriginal girl befriended by the Lieutenant Governor of Van Diemen's Land Sir John Franklin and his wife Lady Jane Franklin .
org:city_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Chicago	University of Chicago	Going back decades the Chicago economists were far more willing than most schools to buck fashionable economic theories -- thanks to its distance from more conformist East-coast schools Johan Van Overtveldt argues in his new book The Chicago School : How the University of Chicago Assembled the Thinkers Who Revolutionized Economics and Business .
org:top_members/employees(e1,e2)	Trinidad State Junior College	Ruth Ann Woods	The Jobs Cabinet will be co-chaired by attorney Jim Lyons Qwest Executive Vice President Teresa Taylor and Trinidad State Junior College President Ruth Ann Woods .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Elissa	Canada	In 2002 Elissa moved to CMT Canada to co-host CMT Central alongside Stu Jeffries .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Max Baucus	Montana	Geithner also spoke with House Financial Services Committee Chairman Barney Frank of Massachusetts and Senators Charles Schumer of New York and Max Baucus of Montana all Democrats .
no_relation	Graduate School	Cambridge	Radcliffe Yard formerly the center of the campus of Radcliffe College ( and now home of the Radcliffe Institute ) is adjacent to the Graduate School of Education and the Cambridge Common .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	George Washington	Continental Army	As George Washington headed for Cambridge in mid-June 1775 as the newly appointed commander of the Continental Army besieging Boston he wrote to his wife Martha - my dear Patcy as he called her - that he felt it has been a kind of destiny that has thrown me upon this Service .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	Dawn Black	New Westminster	The party standings as of the election and at dissolution were as follows : NDP MP Dawn Black resigned her seat of New Westminster Coquitlam effective April 13 2009 to run ( successfully ) in the provincial riding of New Westminster in the 2009 British Columbia general election .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Sudan	Omar al-Bashir	On the occasion of South Sudan's independence President of Sudan Omar al-Bashir spoke to the delegation present for independence celebrations saying that he congratulates our brothers and sisters in South Sudan on the occasion of the declaration of their new state and the creation of the State of South Sudan in this dear part of our homeland .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Mitch McConnell	Kentucky	But the result on domestic spending created a divide between Republicans who thought it was a good deal such as Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell of Kentucky and those who said it was too expensive and larded with wasteful spending .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	Swire Group	Cathay Pacific	Swire Group ( or Swire Pacific ) controls a wide range of businesses including property ( Swire Properties ) aviation ( i.e. Cathay Pacific and Dragonair ) beverages ( bottler of Coca Cola ) shipping and trading .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Will.i.am	Black Eyed Peas	* Will.i.am goes solo to tell personal story * Posted 9h 28m ago | Comment http://www.usatoday.com/life/music/news/2007-09-26-will-i-am_N.htm?cs . . | Recommend 1 javascript : void ( ' Recommend ' ) E-mail http://www.usatoday.com/life/music/news/2007-09-26-will-i-am_N.htm?cs . . | Save http://www.usatoday.com/life/music/news/2007-09-26-will-i-am_N.htm?cs . . | Print http://www.usatoday.com/life/music/news/2007-09-26-will-i-am_N.htm?cs . . | Reprints Permissions javascript : RightslinkPopUp ( ) | [ image : Subscribe to stories like this ] http://asp.usatoday.com/marketing/rss/rsstrans.aspx?ssts=life%7Cmusic . . [ image : Diversity : The Black Eyed Peas enjoy performing individual and group numbers Will.i.am says . ] .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	Bank of Montreal	Harris Bank	The Royal Bank of Canada's RBC Centura unit which is mainly active in the southeastern United States Toronto-Dominion's TD Banknorth which covers the Northeast and the Bank of Montreal 's Harris Bank based in Chicago have not had similar experiences .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Ralph Allen School	Bath	Ralph Allen School in Combe Down Bath England is co-educational secondary school with academy status for 11 to 18 year olds .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Brett Reed	Rancid	In 1992 Freeman and Armstrong recruited drummer Brett Reed and formed Rancid .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Treasury	Salmon P. Chase	On the recommendation of Secretary of the Treasury Salmon P. Chase he was appointed by President Lincoln as Treasurer of the United States and served from March 16 1861 until his resignation on July 1 1875 .
org:alternate_names(e2,e1)	Reprise	Sonny Cher	Baby Do n't Go was re-released by Reprise and became another big hit for Sonny Cher .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	University of Adelaide	Adelaide	Along with his son William Tennant Mortlock ( 1858 1913 ) grandson John Andrew Tennant Mortlock ( 1894 1950 ) and John's wife Dorothy Elizabeth Mortlock ( 1906 1979 ) the Mortlocks have left the Waite Agricultural Research Institute the University of Adelaide the State Library of South Australia the City of Adelaide and the State of South Australia with many significant and lasting legacies .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Canada	Brian Mulroney	The current multi-level value-added sales tax system of Canada was introduced in 1991 by Prime Minister Brian Mulroney .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	York College	York	York College is a private four-year college affiliated with the Churches of Christ located in York Nebraska United States ( 50 miles west of Lincoln ) .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Bangladesh Bank	Bangladesh	However First Solution is listed on the Bangladesh Bank 's website as having agreements with a number of banks in Bangladesh through which it was permitted to remit money into the country .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	PAREF Westbridge School	Iloilo City	PAREF Westbridge School is a private school for boys in Iloilo City Philippines .
no_relation	General Motors	European	General Motors has said it would announce at 1415 GMT its decision on the investor taking a majority stake in its European subsidiary Opel .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	Plainview-Old Bethpage	Plainview-Old Bethpage Central School District	Plainview-Old Bethpage John F. Kennedy High School is the only high school in the Plainview-Old Bethpage Central School District .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Germany	Wilhelm Frick	The first Nazi concentration camps were hastily erected in Germany in February 1933 immediately after Hitler became Chancellor and his NSDAP was given control over the police through Reich Interior Minister Wilhelm Frick and Prussian Acting Interior Minister Hermann .
org:members(e2,e1)	Nebraska Cornhuskers	University of Nebraska Lincoln	The 2003 Nebraska Cornhuskers football team represented the University of Nebraska Lincoln in the 2003 NCAA Division I-A football season .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	Ben	Berlin	Ben S. Bernanke the chairman of the Fed will speak Tuesday in Berlin .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Cook	Australia	Unable to govern effectively without control of the Senate Cook decided to bring about a double dissolution election under section 57 of the Constitution of Australia .
org:city_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Fife	University of St Andrews	Fife is also home to eight rugby union clubs University of St Andrews RFC the oldest rugby club in Fife Dunfermline RFC Fife Southern RFC based in Rosyth Glenrothes RFC Howe of Fife RFC based in Cupar Kirkcaldy RFC Madras RFC Waid Academy RFC and one rugby league club Fife Lions .
org:alternate_names(e1,e2)	National Union of Mineworkers	NUM	The National Union of Mineworkers ( NUM ) joins millions of people worldwide in celebrating International Literacy Day on 8th September .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e2,e1)	Arizona	Meat Puppets	In the United States varieties of cowpunk played by bands such as Nashville's Jason the Scorchers Arizona 's Meat Puppets and Southern California's Social Distortion had a similar effect .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Counties Bank	United Kingdom	and Dorset Bank in 1914 and the Capital and Counties Bank in 1918 Lloyds emerged to become one of the big four clearing banks in the United Kingdom .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	He	Dial	He returned to New York resumed his addiction to heroin and recorded dozens of sides for the Savoy and Dial labels which remain some of the high points of his recorded output .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	Foxtel	News Corporation	Foxtel is 25-percent owned by News Corporation .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	University of Cienfuegos	Cuba	The University of Cienfuegos Carlos Rafael ( Spanish : Universidad de Cienfuegos Carlos Rafael UCF ) is a university located in Cienfuegos Cuba .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	Kriegsmarine	Nazi Germany	The Kriegsmarine ( War Navy ) was the name of the Navy of Nazi Germany from 1935 to 1945 .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	United Arab Emirates	Khalifa bin Zayed Al Nahyan	United Arab Emirates ( UAE ) President Sheikh Khalifa bin Zayed Al Nahyan said Sunday that his country will unswervingly support the Palestinians ' efforts in setting up a legitimate sovereign state the official WAM news agency reported .
no_relation	Marouf al-Bakhit	Jordan	Abu Amr is expected to hold talks on Saturday with his Jordanian counterpart Abdul-Ilah al-Khatib and Prime Minister Marouf al-Bakhit the Palestinian ambassador to Jordan Ata Khairy told The Associated Press .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	PNC Financial Services	Pittsburgh	Regional bank stocks are likely to benefit from any increase in lending including Wells Fargo of San Francisco PNC Financial Services Group of Pittsburgh and Fifth Third Bancorp of Cincinnati said Richard Bove an analyst at Rochdale Securities in Lutz Fla .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Navy	Donald C. Winter	The citation signed by U.S. Secretary of the Navy Donald C. Winter reads : The 2006 Hollywood film titled Flags of Our Fathers directed by Clint Eastwood which tells the life stories of the flag raisers depicts Rosenthal's involvement in the events that led up to his taking the iconic flag raising photograph .
per:country_of_birth(e1,e2)	Oliver Tobias	Switzerland	Oliver Tobias ( born 6 August 1947 ) is a UK-based film stage and television actor and director Born Oliver Tobias Freitag in Switzerland he is the son of Austrian-Swiss actor Robert Freitag and German actress Maria Becker .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Sam Roberts	Canada	Chemical City is an album by Canadian musician Sam Roberts released in Canada on April 11 2006 and in the United States on May 16 2006 .
org:top_members/employees(e2,e1)	Yigal Carmon	Memri	While the Palestinian Authority of Fatah also causes some concern -- its textbooks for example rarely recognize the state of Israel -- Yigal Carmon who runs Memri said that Hamas and its media used the kind of anti-Israeli and anti-Jewish language you do n't really hear any more from the Palestinian Authority which has n't talked like that in a long time .
org:alternate_names(e2,e1)	Havana	La Habana	San de Bari Airport is an airport serving San de Bari a municipality of the Havana ( La Habana ) province in Cuba .
no_relation	1999	Washington	Lathem was also on the ground in Kosovo during the 1999 war when he was serving as a Post Washington correspondent .
per:title(e2,e1)	Chancellor	Gordon Brown	Prior to joining the charity she worked as a special advisor to the Chancellor of the Exchequer Gordon Brown MP .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	University of North Carolina at Pembroke	North Carolina	Between 1951 and 1956 Smawley served as the Athletic Director and head men's basketball coach at Pembroke State College known today as The University of North Carolina at Pembroke in Pembroke North Carolina .
no_relation	Quebecor	system	Quebecor 's own system carries the network as do systems run by Access Communications Rogers Cable Eastlink Shaw Communications and Cogeco .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Icelandic Financial Supervisory Authority	Iceland	The Icelandic Financial Supervisory Authority ( IFSA ) has under powers granted by the Icelandic parliament proceeded to take control of Landsbanki Iceland 's second-biggest bank the government agency said in a statement .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	MTR	Hong Kong	The merger of the Mass Transit Railway ( MTR ) with the Kowloon - Canton Railway ( KCR ) was an important milestone in the railway development of Hong Kong said Henry Tang chief secretary for Administration of the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region government at a ceremony here marking the event .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Thomson Reuters	New York	Thomson Reuters whose headquarters are in New York has staff in 93 countries with annual revenues of approximately 12.4 billion dollars .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	him	England	He then decided to try to treat the story as a nightmare comedy Kubrick found that the film would be impossible to make in the U.S. for various technical and political reasons forcing him to move production to England .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Community High School	Illinois	Freeburg Community High School is a high school located in Freeburg Illinois United States .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Royal Masonic School	Rickmansworth	Royal Masonic School Rickmansworth Herts England .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Olivet Nazarene University	Bourbonnais	They hold their annual training camp from late July to mid-August at Ward Field on the campus of Olivet Nazarene University in Bourbonnais Illinois .
org:founded(e2,e1)	1974	British Overseas Airways Corporation	British Airways ( BA ) was created in 1974 when the British Overseas Airways Corporation ( BOAC ) and British European Airways Corporation ( BEA ) were combined under the newly formed British Airways Board .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Harold Godwinson	England	Huor's death by arrow into the eye may be a reference to Harold Godwinson the last Anglo-Saxon king of England who is held to have died in the Battle of Hastings by being shot in the eye with an arrow .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Virtusa	Westborough	Virtusa Corporation ( NYSE : VRTU ) is a global information technology services company founded in Sri Lanka and headquartered at Westborough Massachusetts USA .
no_relation	Sudan	Sadiq al-Mahdi	Following Nimeiry fall in 1985 Gaddafi immediately abandoned military support for the Sudan People's Liberation Army ( SPLA ) and provided his full support to Nimeiri former Muslim opponents in the North namely Sadiq al-Mahdi Umma Party .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Ma Ying-jeou	Kuomintang	On March 26 DPP chairman Frank Hsieh announced that he would keep his words to resign after he was defeated by Ma Ying-jeou of the Kuomintang ( KMT ) in Taiwan's leadership election on March 22 .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	of Dr Yeoh Ghi	ent of Sin	Ng is married to Yeoh Saw Kheng ( ) who is the 3rd daughter of Dr Yeoh Ghi m Seng the former Speaker of Parliam ent of Sin gapore Ng's eldest son Daryl Ng Win Kong ( S ) was born in 1978 .
org:top_members/employees(e2,e1)	Ingrid Newkirk	PETA	You can check Ingrid Newkirk 's last blog on PETA 's website for more information .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Hyundai Heavy Industries	Ulsan	The diesel-electric submarine the second of its size in the fleet was launched at a Hyundai Heavy Industries shipyard in the southeastern city of Ulsan .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Ajax	Australia	Ajax did not meet with the same stud success in America that he had in Australia but he did sire Avracado $ Trebor Yug $ and A. Jaxson $ .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	he	Alabama	Turnham and his family reside in Auburn and he is the son of Pete Turnham a retired educator and a former member of the Alabama House of Representatives .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	England	Premier League	England goalkeeper David James joined second-tier Bristol City on Friday after spurning interest from Premier League clubs in England and Scotland .
org:alternate_names(e1,e2)	New Zealand national football team	All Whites	It was where the New Zealand national football team ( the All Whites ) played all their home qualifying games for the 1982 FIFA World Cup .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Nathan A. Farwell	Maine	His cousin Nathan A. Farwell later served as a U.S. Senator from Maine .
no_relation	2007	Nippon Steel	In 2007 NCA signed a deal with Nippon Steel Engineering which historically built hangars for large aircraft for the construction of a maintenance and engineering hangar at Narita .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Anwar	Pakistan	In 2011 after completing a music production and jazz guitar course in England Anwar returned to Pakistan and auditioned new members for Mizraab .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	MCA	Tan Siew Sin	It is thought by some historians that Finance Minister and MCA President Tan Siew Sin 's appeal to the Chinese to avoid challenging the Malay special rights and risk merger with Indonesia helped the MCA retain its status as the undisputed leader of the Chinese in the Malayan peninsula .
no_relation	May	2008	The South Korean Financial Ministry said Sunday that Seoul will host the 16th plenary session of the Egmont Group a major international conference on financial intelligence and anti-money laundering in late May in 2008 .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	South Africa	Smith	In October 1974 Prime Minister of South Africa B.J. Vorster launched his policy of with black Africa and began pushing Smith to end white minority rule .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Nigeria	Sani Abacha	Nigeria 's Kano Pillars will return to their home ground when they host El Merriekh of Sudan at the Sani Abacha Stadium in Kano next month after almost a year playing outside their home ground officials have disclosed .
org:alternate_names(e2,e1)	Columbia	Columbia International University	However a group of Christians in an American Oil Company in Saudi Arabia funded him to attend Columbia Bible College ( now called Columbia International University ) South Carolina USA in 1951 .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Progressive Broadcasting Corporation	Philippines	DXNU broadcasting as 107.5 Win Radio Davao is a music FM station of Progressive Broadcasting Corporation in the Philippines .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	Yoko Ono	Tokyo	Cox met Yoko Ono in 1961 after he saw some of her art work in an anthology and located her in Tokyo .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Wales	University	and in October 2011 in response to changes in Higher Education in Wales including the University's merger the University announced that it would launch a new academic strategy which would see the institution only award degrees to students on courses designed and fully controlled by the University .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Holt	Liberal	An enraged Holt interrupted St John's speech in defiance of the parliamentary convention that maiden speeches are heard in silence ; his blunder embarrassed the government and further undermined Holt 's support in the Liberal Party .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Paraguay	castro	The Archbishop of Paraguay Ismael Silvero excommunicates chief of police and minister of the interior 1974 : Human rights abuses in Paraguay come to notice internationally and Stroessner is accused of Slavery Genocide tribes corruption torture and kidnapping as well as supposedly protecting ex-Nazis living in Paraguay 1988 : Pope John-Paul II visits Paraguay increasing anti-Stroessner morale 1989 : General castro starts an uprising against Stroessner and succeeds after an artillery duel over after which Stroessner flees to Brazil .
org:members(e2,e1)	University of Missouri	Big 12	The University of Missouri Tigers defeated the Baylor University Bears 73 60 in the championship game to claim their first Big 12 Tournament title for Mizzou .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Russia	Vladimir Putin	Russia 's parliament confirmed Viktor Zubkov as new prime minister Friday two days after his nominated by President Vladimir Putin .
org:alternate_names(e2,e1)	Ocean Park Conservation Foundation	OPCFHK	The Ocean Park Conservation Foundation Hong Kong ( ) often referred to by its initialism OPCFHK is the conglomerate of the former Ocean Park Conservation Foundation ( OPCF ) and The Hong Kong Society for Panda Conservation ( HKSPC ) established under the Ocean Park Corporation with effect from 1 July 2005 .
no_relation	300	area	The 300 area is operated by the Battelle Memorial Institute .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Claiborne Pell	Rhode Island	After an unsuccessful candidacy for the Senate in 1972 against Democratic incumbent Claiborne Pell Chafee was elected to that body in 1976 the first Republican to win a Rhode Island Senate election since 1930 .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Ami Suzuki	Japan	While continuing collaboration and remix work for other artists such as Dune Radiopilot and Ami Suzuki he released Captain Funk's album SUNSHINE ( in Japan August 2009 .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Mikhail Gorbachev	Communist Party	The last was held in 1985 six months after Mikhail Gorbachev took over as the Communist Party 's general secretary and two months before Rocky IV was released .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Narayan Gopal	Nepal	To meet these challenges Narayan Gopal in partnership with Gopal Yonzon created songs that have since been ever popular in Nepal .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	State	Lawrence Eagleburger	As a representative of the Claims Conference in his various duties Sanbar was a member of the Swiss National Committee on Needy Holocaust Survivors and in 1998 appointed o the International Commission on Holocaust Era Insurance Claims led by former Secretary of State Lawrence Eagleburger .
per:title(e2,e1)	President	Hu Jintao	China ' s Communist Party unveils new team to rule with President Hu Jintao .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Macky Sall	Senegal	Macky Sall ( born 11 December 1961 ) is a Senegalese politician who has been President of Senegal since April 2012 .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Continental Army	his	The development of the Continental Army was always a work in progress and Washington used both his regulars and state militia throughout the war .
no_relation	John J. Cain	Bayonne	Cronin succeeded John J. Cain in the Democratic primaries and went onto win the general election for mayor of Bayonne New Jersey .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	Telstra	BigPond	The song was used in TV advertisements for National Car Rental in 1994 and in 2010 once for a JPMorgan Chase bank commercial and again in a cover version for Telstra in their BigPond wireless internet advertisements .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	Tellme	Microsoft	Tellme and its 320 employees in Mountain View California will become part of Microsoft 's Business Division the company said .
org:city_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	1981	IRNA	Many countries like Iraq saw their nuclear facilities bombed by Israel in 1981 but Iranians have diversified and scattered their nuclear facilities Falahatpisheh was quoted by the official news agency IRNA as saying .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	No Age	Sub Pop	Buoyed by positive reviews in the music press No Age signed to the prominent Seattle-based independent label Sub Pop .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Energy	Samuel Bodman	Energy Secretary Samuel Bodman rejected a call Thursday by some members of Congress to release oil from the U.S. government's emergency stockpile saying that oil is needed to respond to future oil supply emergencies and not to influence prices .
org:city_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Seattle	Safeco	In 2004 the city of Seattle renamed a street near Safeco Field Edgar Drive to honor Martinez's contributions to the Mariners including his double that saved baseball in Seattle .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	She	Ecuador	She urged all Ecuadorians to come together and work within the framework of Ecuador 's democratic institutions to reach a rapid and peaceful restoration of order adding that the United States is following closely the events in Ecuador .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Newfoundland	Richard Squires	In 1932 he was asked to investigate allegations that the Prime Minister of Newfoundland Sir Richard Squires had falsified cabinet minutes in an attempt to coverup evidence of corruption involving his government .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Agriculture	Mike Johanns	For the US side Treasury Secretary Henry Paulson and Agriculture Secretary Mike Johanns Commerce Secretary Carlos Gutierrez Labor Secretary Elaine Chao Health and Human Services Secretary Michael Leavitt Transportation Secretary Mary Peters Energy Secretary Sam Bodman U.S. Trade Representative Susan Schwab EPA Administrator Stephen Johnson Deputy Secretary of State John Negroponte and Federal Reserve Chairman Ben Bernanke will participate in the SED discussions .
org:founded_by(e2,e1)	University College London	Francis Crick	The MRC has maintained its commitment to relocate NIMR and has entered into partnership with the Wellcome Trust Cancer Research UK University College London Imperial College London and King's College London to create the Francis Crick Institute on a site adjacent to the British Library and St Pancras Station in London .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Maria	Universal Music Norway	Min Jul is the third album of Norwegian Singer Maria Arredondo and also her first Norwegian-language album released by Universal Music Norway in 2005 .
no_relation	Island	Traffic	Ron Hutchinson ( born near Lisburn County Antrim Northern Ireland ) is an Emmy Award winning screenwriter known for writing John Frankenheimer's Against the Wall Robert M. Young's Slave of Dreams John Frankenheimer's The Island of Dr. Moreau Moonlight and Magnolias ( play ) and the 2004 miniseries Traffic .
org:founded_by(e2,e1)	Lee Shau Kee	Sun Hung Kai Properties	He partnered with Fung King Hey and Lee Shau Kee to establish Sun Hung Kai Properties in 1958 .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Saddleback College	Mission Viejo	Johnson attended Saddleback College Mission Viejo California and was named MVP of the Orange Empire League in .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Clere School	Hampshire	Taking into account the large range of activities it provides for students and the community many of them out of normal hours the school provides excellent value for money In 2002 Chris Gittins became the Government's lead advisor on improving behaviour and attendance in schools and Mrs Sue Marshall was appointed Headteacher moving from the neighbouring Clere School in Hampshire which she had revitalised as Headteacher following a critical OFSTED report in 1996 .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Iran	Hooshang Kamkar	Arsalan is also a prolific composer and has composed many musical pieces in Persian classical music Kurdish music and Western classical music among them are : In memory of Ali Asghar Kurdistani Zardi-e - Khazan ( 4 kurdish songs ) Sorood-e Iran Shoorideh Del Kurdish Symphony Suite Kamanche Concerto ( joint piece with Ardeshir Kamkar ) Shabahengam ( joint piece with Hooshang Kamkar on Nima Yushij poems ) Khak Symphony Silk Road the soundtrack for feature film Mother directed by late Ali Hatami and Naghmeh Solh .
org:founded(e1,e2)	Air Vanuatu	1981	Its main base is Bauerfield International Airport Port Vila.Flight International 27 March 2007 Air Vanuatu was established in early 1981 after Vanuatu gained independence from the United Kingdom and France the previous year .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Afghanistan	Gulbuddin Hekmatyar	An Afghan governor says 16 people were killed during strikes by U.S. and Afghan forces in northeastern Afghanistan while the troops were hunting for fugitive militant leader Gulbuddin Hekmatyar .
no_relation	Pahang	UMP	University Malaysia Pahang ( ) ( UMP ) is a Malaysian government university .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Roadrunner Records	nile	Levi is the guitarist and co-writer for Roadrunner Records industrial/death metal band nile .
no_relation	Cougars	University of Houston	The 1981 82 Houston Cougars men's basketball team represented the University of Houston in NCAA Division I competition in the 1981 82 season .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	United States	National Security Agency	The Central Security Service ( CSS ) is an agency of the United States Department of Defense established in 1972 by a Presidential Directive to promote full partnership between the National Security Agency ( NSA ) and the Service Cryptologic Elements ( SCE ) of the United States Armed Forces in the field of signals intelligence.Central Security Service insignia NSA/CSS website The blue background of the CSS emblem represents fidelity and steadfastness with the symbols for the cryptologic service elements provided shown clockwise from top right as follows : Army Intelligence and Security Command United States Marine Corps Naval Security Group United States Coast Guard and Air Force Intelligence Surveillance and Reconnaissance Agency with the symbol of the NSA/CSS in the center .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Temaru	French Polynesia	It was under Temaru 's presidency that French Polynesia became in November 2011 a founding member of the Polynesian Leaders Group a regional grouping intended to cooperate on a variety of issues including culture and language education responses to climate change and trade and investment .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	The Mess Hall	Australia	The Mess Hall released their latest album For the Birds on 13 November 2009 in Australia .
no_relation	Ioannis Metaxas	Greece	Ioannis Metaxas ( ) ( 12 April 1871 29 January 1941 ) was a Greek general and politician serving as Prime Minister of Greece from 1936 until his death in 1941 .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Mitch McConnell	Kentucky	I think there's a good chance of that said Senate Republican leader Mitch McConnell of Kentucky .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	Mercury	Salvador	Mercury grew up in a middle class household in the Brotas neighborhood of Salvador with her four siblings : Tom Cristiana ( who would also become a singer billed as Abreu ) and Marcos .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	The South End	Wayne State University	John Watson became editor of The South End the daily student newspaper of Wayne State University in 1968 transforming the paper into a public resource with the intention of promoting the interests of impoverished oppressed exploited and powerless victims of white racist monopoly capitalism and imperialism ( first editorial by Watson in Sept. 26 1968 ) .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Pink Floyd	Syd Barrett	WDW I love that you are into Pink Floyd and Syd Barrett ( RIP ) era PF !
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	His	Columbia	His fifth studio album it was also his second release for the Columbia Records label .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Andrei Gromyko	Soviet Union	His chance came in 1985 when the veteran Soviet Minister of Foreign Affairs Andrei Gromyko left that post for the largely ceremonial position of Chairman of the Presidium of the Supreme Soviet of the Soviet Union .
org:city_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Harvey	Thornton Township High School	Also He is The CEO of Noivak Music Group www.noivakmusic.com A native of Harvey Illinois Taylor is a Thornton Township High School graduate .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	Portugal Telecom	Vivo	The Spanish company hiked its offer for Portugal Telecom 's stake in Vivo from ( EURO ) 6.5 billion just hours ahead of the shareholder meeting in an attempt to ensure success .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Colgate University	Hamilton	After Seattle the Dalai Lama is scheduled to speak at the University of Michigan at Ann Arbor on April 19 and 20 then at Colgate University in Hamilton New York on April 22 .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e2,e1)	Hawaii	Daniel Akaka	The current chairman is low-profile 83-year-old Hawaii Sen. Daniel Akaka .
org:founded_by(e1,e2)	Guardian Industries Corp.	William Davidson	Gordon Food Service Guardian Industries Corp. ( founder William Davidson ) Halo Burger Harley Ellis Devereaux Haworth ( company ) Henry Ford Hospital Heritage Guitars Herman Miller ( office equipment ) Howard Miller Clock Company Hungry Howie's Ilitch Holdings Inc .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Navy	James C. Dobbin	On Saturday January 22 the full cabinet met and only Secretary of War Jefferson Davis and Secretary of Navy James C. Dobbin supported repeal .
org:top_members/employees(e2,e1)	Arthur Rorsch	Leiden University	Arthur Rorsch PhD Emeritus Professor Molecular Genetics Leiden University The Netherlands .
per:title(e2,e1)	Chancellor	Adolf Hitler	The first Indiana Jones movie Raiders of the Lost Ark ( 1981 ) was set in 1936 with Jones pressed into service by the U.S. government to keep the Nazi government of German Chancellor Adolf Hitler from acquiring the Ark of the Covenant .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	179th Airlift Wing	Mansfield	The 179th Airlift Wing ( 179 AW ) is a unit of the Ohio Air National Guard stationed at Mansfield Lahm Air National Guard Base Mansfield Ohio .
org:top_members/employees(e1,e2)	Edge	Tony Mott	It was first edited by former Edge magazine editor Tony Mott ( now editor-in-chief of that publication ) whose team comprised Anthony Burgess and Chop .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Opel	Germany	Peter spent most of his early career working for GM's Opel division in Germany as a vehicle tester and suspension engineer .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Bank of Greece	Greece	The Bank of Greece governor said Greece 's public debt in 2009 hit 115.1 percent of output the highest in the eurozone after Italy and warned unemployment would rise to nearly 11 percent this year .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Gessle	Roxette	Gessle 's once so subtle Swedish lyrics have became desolate English nonsense The album won Roxette their first awards in Sweden and Gessle his first Grammis award in the category Best Composer .
per:title(e2,e1)	Prime Minister	Yves Leterme	Belgian Prime Minister Yves Leterme and former US secretary of state Colin Powell to attend .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Trent University	Peterborough	In recognition of exceptional academic and extracurricular achievement she was a recipient of the prestigious Champlain Scholarship at Trent University in Peterborough Ontario .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e2,e1)	Florida	Mel Martinez	North Miami Mayor Kevin Burns will become the third Florida Democrat to join the race for the U.S. Senate seat being vacated by Republican Mel Martinez according to local television stations .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Japan	Kuroda Seiki	Back in Japan he contributed to introducing Impressionism along with Kuroda Seiki .
org:top_members/employees(e2,e1)	Kevin J. Todeschi	Atlantic University	htm Edgar Cayce - Connecting SA for 25 Years 46 Kevin J. Todeschi is Executive Director and CEO of Edgar Cayce's A.R.E. and Atlantic University 47 www.edgarcayce.org/are/mediaguidelines.aspx?id=2052 Interpreting the Earth Change Readings - Edgar Cayce ' s 48 www.world-mysteries.com/newgw/sci_globalw4.htm World Mysteries - Global Warming 49 www.syzygyJob.com Jim Berkland 50 Jim Berkland Geologist The Man Who Predicts Earthquakes by Cal Orey Sentient Publications 2006 .
org:founded_by(e1,e2)	Brewers Fayre	Whitbread	Paintings featuring a local feature ( for example The Forth Road Bridge in the Brewers Fayre in South Queensferry ) are located at the front entrance to many pubs There used to be many standalone Brewers Fayre pubs but in 2006 Whitbread agreed to dispose of the 239 standalone Brewers Fayre and Beefeater sites .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Bharrat Jagdeo	Guyana	He has served as an advisor and consultant to His Majesty King Abdullah II of the Hashemite Kingdom of Jordan and to President Bharrat Jagdeo of the Republic of Guyana .
org:city_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Montevideo	ANTEL	The most important state-owned companies headquartered in Montevideo are : AFE ( railways ) ANCAP ( Energy ) Administracion Nacional de Puertos ( Ports ) ANTEL ANCEL and ANTELDATA ( telecommunications ) BHU ( savings and loan ) BROU ( bank ) BSE ( insurance ) OSE ( water sewage ) UTE ( electricity ) .
no_relation	Meg Ryan	Dennis Quaid	Flesh and Bone is a 1993 film noir drama written and directed by Steve Kloves that stars Meg Ryan Dennis Quaid and James Caan .
org:members(e2,e1)	Virginia Tech Hokies	Division I-A	The 2001 Virginia Tech Hokies football team represented the Virginia Polytechnic Institute and State University during the 2001 NCAA Division I-A football season .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Sally Field	Brothers Sisters	Two-time Oscar winner Sally Field took home outstanding lead actress in a drama and her third Emmy for the series Brothers Sisters edging out Edie Falco nominated as for her role as Tony Soprano's long-suffering wife Carmela .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	Humboldt State University	California State University	Humboldt State University ( HSU ) is the northernmost campus of the twenty-three school California State University system located hillside in Arcata within Humboldt County California USA .
per:title(e2,e1)	guitarist	Mom?ilo Bajagi	Founded in Belgrade in 1984 by composer lyricist and guitarist Mom?ilo Bajagi ? Bajaga the group possesses a rich discography and a plethora of hit songs that placed them at the top of the former Yugoslav rock scene alongside other mega-selling bands such as Bijelo Dugme and Riblja ?orba .
no_relation	Panama national football team	CONCACAF	He was part of the Panama national football team squad for the 2011 Copa Centroamericana and the 2011 CONCACAF Gold Cup .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	The Art Institute of Boston	Lesley University	Stan Trecker dean of The Art Institute of Boston at Lesley University : His courage and intelligence resulted in compelling documentation of his experience during the Arab Spring .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Rafael Correa	Ecuador	Brazil's President Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva will meet his Ecuadorian counterpart Rafael Correa here Wednesday in a bid to help resolve the crisis between Ecuador Venezuela and Colombia .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Zhivkov	Bulgaria	After Zhivkov fell from the presidency and was expelled from the BCP the Party gave up its monopoly on power in February 1990 and allowed Bulgaria 's first democratic elections for 59 years in June 1990 .
per:cities_of_residence(e2,e1)	Havana	Rocky Romero	At CMLL 70th Anniversary Show Ricky Marvin teamed with Virus and Volador Jr. to defeat The Havana Brothers ( Rocco Quance Puma Boy and Rocky Romero ) in a match that several years later is still remembered fondly .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	North Halifax Grammar School	Halifax	The North Halifax Grammar School ( NHGS ) is a state grammar school specialist science college and Specialist Language College with academy status in Illingworth Halifax West Yorkshire England .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Turkey	Universit	Returning 1979 to Turkey she became a member of faculty at Universit y .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	He	MFS	He released his first two albums and stayed with MFS up until 1998 when he left and formed his own label Vandit .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	MBDA	BAE Systems	MBDA is jointly owned by BAE Systems of Britain European aerospace and defence group EADS and Italy company Finmeccanica .
org:members(e1,e2)	Universitas Andalas	Andalas University	The holotype of N. rigidifolia Nepenthes Team ( Hernawati P. Akhriadi I. Petra ) NP 354 was collected on December 11 2003 near Sidikalang in Karo Regency North Sumatra at an elevation of 1000 1500 m. It is deposited at the Herbarium Universitas Andalas ( ANDA ) of Andalas University in Padang West Sumatra .
no_relation	Australia	voyages	Royal Caribbean International has announced 14 Australia cruises and two transpacific voyages aboard Rhapsody of the Seas for winter 2008-09 .
no_relation	China	Chinese University of Hong Kong	According to Willy Lam a China expert at Chinese University of Hong Kong the investigations and trials are part of an anti-corruption campaign ahead of a major Communist Party meeting in September where fighting graft will be a theme .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	State	Robert Zoellick	The World Bank last month unanimously approved former U.S. Deputy Secretary of State Robert Zoellick as its new president .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	London General	Go-Ahead Group	In 2009 it was announced that East Thames Buses was to be transferred back to the private sector with sale of vehicles and TUPE transfer of staff to London General part of the Go-Ahead Group .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	MSM	Jugnauth	The MSM is a party led by the historical political Jugnauth family in Mauritius .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Cambodia	Hun Sen	Cambodia 's Prime Minister Hun Sen said Monday that his health problem was the cause of cancellation in meeting with the visit of the UN special envoy to Cambodia .
org:founded_by(e2,e1)	Paul Gilbert	Mr. Big	When Billy Sheehan left David Lee Roth's band in 1988 he joined with Paul Gilbert who had left his former band Racer X. They founded Mr. Big with Pat Torpey on drums and singer Eric Martin .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	Koenigsegg	Saab Automobile AB	General Motors Corp. and Koenigsegg Group AB a consortium led by Koenigsegg Automotive AB today confirmed the details of a memorandum of understanding for the purchase of Saab Automobile AB that secures Saab's future GM said .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Carrie Brownstein	Sleater-Kinney	In between they are taught by indie rock stars such as Carrie Brownstein from Sleater-Kinney various lessons of empowerment from self-defense to anger management .
org:founded(e1,e2)	Florida International University	1965	Florida International University was built from around 1965 onwards with the destruction of Tamiami Airport .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Galp Energia	Portugal	Shares in Galp Energia Portugal 's largest oil and gas group ended the day down 0.15 percent at 6.45 euros .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Grappelli	France	Django Reinhardt and Grappelli continued to favor R-26 as an informal rehearsal space for the Quintette du Hot Club de France often improvising with other members of the salon .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	CHUM Radio	Canada	The same year the CHUM Radio Network was established to deliver syndicated radio programs across Canada .
no_relation	Storer College	Lincoln University	He won letters in athletics ( Lincoln University ) and cross country ( Storer College and Lincoln University ) swimming ( Howard University ) and football ( soccer ) ( Lincoln University ) ; entered to compete in the Half-Mile Race and One-Mile run at the British Empire Games to represent Nigeria but was rejected by the A.A.A. of Great Britain on technical grounds ( he dropped his English Christian name Benjamin ) ; and founded ( with M. R. B. Ottun ) of the Zik Athletic Club to promote athletics boxing cricket football swimming and tennis in Nigeria .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Malaysian Indian Congress	Samy Vellu	However three BN component party leaders failed in Saturday's general election and failed to secure a seat at the lower house of the Parliament including Malaysian Indian Congress President Samy Vellu and People's Movement Party Acting President Koh Tsu Koon .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Iajuddin Ahmed	Bangladesh	The president professor Iajuddin Ahmed has declared state of emergency in the country and he will shortly address the nation through the Bangladesh Television ( BTV ) and Bangladesh Radio the state-owned BTV said .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Bolivia	Evo Morales	We will cooperate with Bolivia because we have a lot of sympathy for the government headed by President Evo Morales where the changes and transformations were registered Golubev said .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Florida	Mike Graham	Together they challenged NWA Florida Tag Team Champions Stevens and Mike Graham for the title belts .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	Turkish Airlines	AnadoluJet	As of May 2013 Turkish Airlines has codeshare agreements with the following airlines : As of March 26 2013 the Turkish Airlines fleet ( including AnadoluJet ) consists of 208 passenger and 9 cargo aircraft with an average age of 5.3 years .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	Cornell Big Red	Cornell University	The 2011 Cornell Big Red football team represented Cornell University in the 2011 NCAA Division I FCS football season .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Tuomas Holopainen	Nightwish	Sydney Carter obituary Daily Telegraph March 16 2004 Tuomas Holopainen of the popular Finnish band Nightwish refers to himself as the ' second robber to the right of Christ ' in his song The Poet and the Pendulum .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Guru Ghasidas University	Bilaspur	Guru Ghasidas University boast of a lush green sprawling main campus spread over an area of five kilometers from the main Bilaspur town .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Eckerd College	Florida	Born in Dublin Georgia he attended Eckerd College in St. Petersburg Florida where he met Arto Lindsay in the 1970s .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Dave Quest	Strathcona	The current incumbent is Dave Quest who was first elected as MLA for Strathcona in 2008 .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Vietnam	Nguy?n T?n	Two days later the Prime Minister of Vietnam Nguy?n T?n D?ng arrived .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Premier Dexter	Nova Scotia New Democratic Party	Premier Dexter was elected Leader of the Nova Scotia New Democratic Party in 2001 .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	The Adicts	Suffolk	The Adicts are an English punk band from Ipswich Suffolk England .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Iona College	New Rochelle	At least seven students on New York's Long Island were recently diagnosed with MRSA as were 10 members of an athletic team at Iona College in New Rochelle New York .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Ma Ying-jeou	Kuomintang	President Ma Ying-jeou 's strong-willed policy to open up Taiwan to China and his recent plan to serve concurrently as chairman of the ruling Kuomintang are evidence of the emergence of a new strongman in Taiwan .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Hydra Head	Aaron Turner	Previously signed to Hydra Head Records ( which is owned and operated by Aaron Turner of Isis ) Pelican is now part of the Southern Lord Records roster .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	she	The Poozies	In 1989 she resigned from her full time Art and Design teaching post at Bexhill High School Sussex to become a professional musician working with The Poozies The Kathryn Tickell Band and Sally Barker .
no_relation	Arcadia High School	Arizona	Tom Jurich was born in Alhambra California and played kicker at Arcadia High School at Northern Arizona University and in one game for the New Orleans Saints of the National Football League after being drafted in the 10th round of the 1978 NFL Draft .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	Riordan	Los Angeles	Riordan speaking outside his famed eatery the Original Pantry Cafe in downtown Los Angeles said Mitt Romney had also sought his endorsement .
no_relation	Charoen Pokphand	Tesco	Established in 1998 Tesco Lotus was a joint venture of the Charoen Pokphand Group and Tesco the British giant supermarket chain .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Agostinho Neto	Angola	He stressed that the incumbent government under the leadership of President Jose Eduardo dos Santos is carrying forward the motto the most important is to solve people's problems of the late President Antonio Agostinho Neto a leading founder of the Republic of Angola which proclaimed independence in 1975 from Portugal .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e2,e1)	Colorado	Wayne Allard	January 15 : Colorado GOP Sen. Wayne Allard announces that he will retire at the end of his term leaving his seat vulnerable to a takeover by Democrat Mark Udall .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Suharto	Indonesia	Suharto who had suffered a series of illnesses in recent years had ruled Indonesia with an iron fist for more than three decades .
no_relation	France	Vincent Cassel	Dujardin's next projects include an Rochant film titled with de France and a remake of Claude Berri's One Wild Moment ( Un moment ) in which he will star opposite Vincent Cassel .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	United States	circus	Born in Kingston Ontario he separated from his family at a young age spending many years in the United States as an itinerant circus musician .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Bethel College	United States	North Newton is home to Bethel College the oldest Mennonite college in the United States since its founding in 1887 .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	HeidelbergCement	Germany	HeidelbergCement shares lost 0.8 percent in Germany .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Daniel Ortega	Nicaragua	Leaders attending the talks included Ecuador's Rafael Correa Bolivia's Evo Morales and Daniel Ortega of Nicaragua .
org:members(e2,e1)	UAB Blazers	University of Alabama at Birmingham	The 2013 14 UAB Blazers men's basketball team represents the University of Alabama at Birmingham during the 2013 14 NCAA Division I men's basketball season .
org:top_members/employees(e2,e1)	Andrew Cunningham	Mediterranean Fleet	Admiral Andrew Cunningham commander of the Mediterranean Fleet attempted to interpose his ships between the Italians and their base at Taranto .
org:members(e2,e1)	Cooper Union	New York	He dropped out of the architecture program at the Cooper Union and then left New York University after he sold a short story for $ 112.50 .
org:founded(e2,e1)	1865	The Hongkong and Shanghai Banking Corporation	In 1865 Vacher and his family returned to England where he became the first manager of the London office of the newly established The Hongkong and Shanghai Banking Corporation later that year .
org:members(e2,e1)	University	Atlantic 10 Conference	The University is a member of the Atlantic 10 Conference and the Colonial Athletic Association in the NCAA Division I Football Championship Subdivision .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Schleicher	Germany	So Schleicher and the rest of the Reichswehr leadership were determined that Germany must end Versailles and in the meantime saw the SA and the other right-wing paramilitary groups as the best substitute for conscription .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	The Zombies	Argent	In 2010 Tom Toomey replaced Keith Airey on guitar and in 2011 The Zombies featuring Colin Blunstone Rod Argent released their new studio album Breathe Out Breathe In .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Connecticut	Denise L. Nappier	We all know the saying : The bigger they are the harder they fall said Connecticut State Treasurer Denise L. Nappier who oversees a pension fund that holds $ 300 million ( euro193 million ) in Exxon Mobil stock -- its largest single equity investment .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Indonesia	Suharto	Foreign Minister Maxime Verhagen of the Netherlands which colonized Indonesia for several centuries called Suharto an important political figure whose rule marked a period of relative stability in Indonesia .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	Ragged Flag	The Prodigy	Ragged Flag is a record label founded in 2007 by members of the band The Prodigy and backed by the Cooking Vinyl Group .
no_relation	Winger	Alice Cooper	Later in 1985 Winger joined Alice Cooper 's band .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	De Gasperi	Italy	The positive results strengthened De Gasperi reputation in Italy .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Jazz Messengers	Cedar Walton	While not surprising given the All-Star calibre of its participants ( the iconic Blakey himself and his no less iconic Jazz Messengers in this instance including three premiere soloists - pianist Cedar Walton and Hubbard on trumpet plus the influential saxophonist and composer Wayne Shorter ) this state of affairs would prove extremely frustrating to the composer .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	New Brunswick Community College	New Brunswick	The New Brunswick Community College ( NBCC ) is a community college located throughout various locations in New Brunswick Canada including Moncton Miramichi Fredericton Saint John St. Andrews and Woodstock .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Kowalski	Massachusetts	After his WWF retirement in 1977 Kowalski started a professional wrestling school in Malden Massachusetts .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Singapore	Lee Kuan Yew	Besides attending the Shangri-la Dialogue President Lee will also meet and be hosted to lunch by Singapore Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong as well as receive a call by Singapore Minister Mentor Lee Kuan Yew .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Eda-Ines Etti	Estonia	Eda-Ines Etti ( born 26 May 1981 in Haapsalu ) is a singer and celebrity in Estonia also known for her participation in the Eurovision Song Contest 2000 .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	IKB Deutsche Industriebank	Lone Star Funds	FRANKFURT Germany -- German lender IKB Deutsche Industriebank AG which has been badly hit by the U.S. subprime mortgage crisis will be sold to U.S.-based private equity firm Lone Star Funds the German company's biggest shareholder says .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	Marion Koogler McNay	San Antonio	Many of the firm's works including the Hogg house ( 1924 ) the Mannen house ( 1926 ) the Newton house ( 1927 ) and the Atkinson house ( 1928 ) which is now known as the Marion Koogler McNay Art Museum were designed in the tradition of Spanish Colonial Revival style architecture and are found throughout San Antonio and the surrounding area .
org:members(e2,e1)	British Airways	Oneworld	In September 1998 American Airlines British Airways Qantas Canadian Airlines and Cathay Pacific announced the creation of a rival alliance Oneworld .
org:members(e2,e1)	UK	Starbucks Workers Union	According to the Starbucks Union on November 24 2006 IWW members picketed Starbucks locations in more than 50 cities around the world in countries including Australia Canada Germany and the UK as well as U.S. cities including New York Chicago Minneapolis and San Francisco to protest the firing of five Starbucks Workers Union organizers by Starbucks and to demand their reinstatement .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	France	Berrchem	In France Berrchem is the second biggest industrial buyer of gas and one of the top ten purchasers of electricity .
org:founded(e1,e2)	Australian Academy of the Humanities	1969	The Australian Academy of the Humanities was established by Royal Charter in 1969 to advance scholarship and public interest in the humanities in Australia .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	California Institute of the Arts	Valencia	Nancy Chunn was born in Los Angeles California and received her Bachelor of Fine Arts in 1969 from the California Institute of the Arts Valencia CA .
per:alternate_names(e1,e2)	Mitchell	Billy Mitchell	The Chief of the Air Corps attempted to have Mitchell dismissed a week before the tests began reacting to Navy complaints about Mitchell's criticisms but the new Secretary of War John W. Weeks backed down when it became apparent that Mitchell had widespread public and media support.Correll Billy Mitchell and the Battleships p. 66 .
org:members(e1,e2)	CONMEBOL	Colombia national football team	It is a member of CONMEBOL and is in charge of the Colombia national football team .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Joseph Goebbels	Germany	Goebbels und Geduldig is a 2001 German war comedy film about Joseph Goebbels and Nazi Germany directed by Kai Wessel and written by Peter Steinbach .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Fogerty	Warner Bros	In 1985 Fogerty published The Old Man Down the Road which he released on Warner Bros .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Mykola Azarov	Ukraine	On December 13 2012 during the parliamentary discussion of Mykola Azarov candidacy to the Prime Minister of Ukraine a people's deputy of Ukraine Iryna Farion publicly asked for clarification on the reason of Azarov's inability to master the state language .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Belgium	Guy Verhofstadt	- Best of Belgium - Une Royale for the 175th years of Belgium in the Four Seasons of Honk-Kong in presence of the Belgium prime minister Guy Verhofstadt and the minister of finances Didier Reynders .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Ball State Cardinals	USA	The Ball State Cardinals baseball team is a varsity intercollegiate athletic team of Ball State University in Muncie Indiana USA .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	USA	Trial	[ News ] [ WI USA ] Trial expected to wrap-up in prisoner sex change challenge .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Jack Evans	Washington	Jack Evans ( born October 31 1953 Nanticoke Pennsylvania ) is a Democratic politician from Washington D.C .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	State	Robert B. Zoellick	The accord was orchestrated by the U.S. Deputy Secretary of State Robert B. Zoellick Salim Ahmed Salim ( working on behalf of the African Union ) AU representatives and other foreign officials operating in Abuja Nigeria .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Michael Smith	Tampa Bay Buccaneers	Michael Smith ( born August 9 1988 ) is an American football running back for the Tampa Bay Buccaneers of the National Football League .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	Gretchen Wilson	Pocahontas	Gretchen Wilson of Pocahontas Illinois charted several top ten hits from 2004 to 2006 .
per:country_of_birth(e1,e2)	Carina Round	England	Carina Round is a British singer-songwriter from Wolverhampton in the West Midlands of England .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Alberta	Rob Renner	Alberta Environment Minister Rob Renner said there would be a provincial review to determine what caused the leak .
no_relation	Ismail Omar Guelleh	Ethiopia	In September 1998 Awaleh accused Ismail Omar Guelleh of working to make Djibouti a colony of Ethiopia .
no_relation	Motown	Levi Stubbs	album ( from their Motown days ) but he was often overshadowed by the more popular Levi Stubbs .
org:founded_by(e2,e1)	George Lucas	Lucasfilm	The films novelizations comic books newspaper comic strips radio dramas and spin-off novels were produced but no standards of canon were set by George Lucas or Lucasfilm Ltd. .
no_relation	Cokie Roberts	ABC	As Media Matters for America noted on the April 21 edition of NPR's Morning Edition NPR news analyst Cokie Roberts asserted that on the April 20 edition of ABC 's This Week McCain said it was a mistake to seek and accept Hagee's endorsement .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	House	Marios Garoyian	A Chinese delegation of the National People's Congress ( NPC ) China's top legislature was received by President of Cyprus ' House of Representatives Marios Garoyian .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Gas Natural	Spain	Suez's investment in Gas Natural Spain 's gas market leader is in line with the group strategy to expand dynamically in the European energy and environment markets the company said in a statement .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	East African Community	Tanzania	The East African Community Treaty was signed on November 30 1999 in Arusha Tanzania between five countries including Burundi Kenya Rwanda Uganda and The United Republic of Tanzania .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Asian Man Records	Mike Park	Steve Choi collaborated with Asian Man Records founder Mike Park in both The Chinkees and The Bruce Lee Band .
org:members(e2,e1)	Dollar Tree	NASDAQ	The company came to be known as Dollar Tree Stores Inc. in 1993 and became a public company in 1995 trading its stock on NASDAQ .
org:alternate_names(e1,e2)	Special Forces	Green Berets	While recuperating in a field hospital he was recruited for the Special Forces commonly known as the Green Berets .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Nazim al-Kudsi	Syria	On the same trip he also met with President Nazim al-Kudsi of Syria and Amir Muhammad al-Badr of North Yemen .
per:title(e2,e1)	President	Pascoal Ranieri Mazzilli	In 1964 popular Democratic President Goulart was removed from office by military coup turning Brazil into a military-run autocracy under new President Pascoal Ranieri Mazzilli .
no_relation	the Australian	News Limited	Cricket Australia the Australian Football League ( AFL ) the Australian Rugby Union the National Rugby League and Tennis Australia are all core signatories along with AFP Fairfax Media News Limited Australian Associated Press and Getty Images .
per:origin(e1,e2)	Pervez Musharraf	Pakistan	Without his active involvement nothing significant is possible in Rawalpindi city and it is worth noticing that he is technically duty bound to obey the orders of Chief Minister Punjab Chaudhry Pervez Elahi an aspirant and favorite of Pervez Musharraf and his cohorts to become the next yes man Prime Minister of Pakistan .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration	Department of Commerce	Baker contacted the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration a marine conservation unit of the Department of Commerce which began its own investigation eventually looping in the U.S. attorney in Los Angeles .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	Newport Television	Providence Equity Partners	On April 20 2007 Clear Channel entered into an agreement to spin off its entire television stations group to Newport Television a broadcasting holding company established by the private equity firm Providence Equity Partners .
no_relation	2002	Pakistan Muslim League	With the general elections of 2002 Ijaz Ul Haq won the National assembly seat and merged with the Pervez Musharraf-endorsed Pakistan Muslim League ( Q ) .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	UW-Eau	WI	W. L. Zorn Arena more commonly known as Zorn Arena is an arena located on the campus of UW-Eau Claire in Eau Claire WI .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Lithuania	Valdas Adamkus	On 4 July 2007 the President of Lithuania Valdas Adamkus signed the law and it became effective on 10 July 2007 .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Singapore	Lee Kuan Yew	The 87-year-old wife of Singapore 's founding father Lee Kuan Yew is in serious condition at a hospital after suffering a stroke earlier this week the government has said .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Natalie Maines	United States	2003 : Dixie Chicks singer Natalie Maines told an audience in London Just so you know we 're ashamed that the President of the United States is from Texas .
no_relation	Ontario	Grand Trunk Railway	Most U.S. railroads also operated in Canada through subsidiary railways with one exception : Wabash Railway which had not a mile of track in Canada as it crossed southern Ontario using trackage rights granted by the Grand Trunk Railway of Canada .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Labor	Rudd	There have been a number of important statements by Julia Gillard so far . . amongst them a changed position on population growth the mining tax Rudd's position in the cabinet should Labor win the election . . There have also been some heartening poll responses ( for the ALP ) to the leadership change from Rudd to Gillard .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	AFL	Daniel Cross	His return to the Bulldogs side was good enough for him to keep his place in the side the following week but after a disappointing performance against Richmond in Round 17 the AFL career of Daniel Cross appeared to be in jeopardy .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	CNPC	Hong Kong	The red-chip companies will include China National Offshore Oil Corporation and CNPC ( Hong Kong ) Limited which trade in crude oil and oil exploration stocks said TWSE Chairman Chi Schive .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Federal Reserve System	United States	The Federal Reserve System would be incorporated into the Treasury as a subordinate bureau while any reserves held by its twelve regional Federal Reserve Banks would be returned to its member banks in the form of United States Money .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Hainan Airlines	Haikou	Hainan Airlines Company Limited ( HNA ) ( ) ( ) is an airline headquartered in Haikou People's Republic of China .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Mikl	Austria	Mikl represented Austria at the Venice Biennale in 1968 and became professor at the Vienna Academy of Fine Arts the following year .
org:alternate_names(e1,e2)	Public Service Alliance of Canada	PSAC	DePape also stated that she has received job offers from the Public Service Alliance of Canada ( PSAC ) and the Council of Canadians .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Norway	Jens Stoltenberg	Hippe along with his brother has a friendly relationship with the current Prime Minister of Norway Jens Stoltenberg .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	El Salvador	Antonio Saca	The meeting was attended by Mexican President Felipe Calderon Panama's President Martin Torrijos El Salvador 's President Elias Antonio Saca Guatemala's President Oscar Berger Nicaragua's President Daniel Ortega and Belize's Prime Minister Said Musa .
per:alternate_names(e1,e2)	Gately	he	Ireland's former Prime Minister Bertie Ahern Elton John's partner David Furnish and members of Irish pop group Westlife joined the ceremony alongside Gately 's family and partner Andrew Cowles whom he wed in a civil union in 2006 .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Abigail Adams	Massachusetts	If you were to hire Abigail Adams as your financial adviser here's the advice that the Massachusetts matriarch would offer .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Bear Stearns	James Cayne	Bear Stearns ' collapse was not the result of any actions or decisions unique to Bear Stearns said James Cayne who was chief executive officer of the firm until January 2008 .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e2,e1)	Wisconsin	Tommy Thompson	Wisconsin Governor Tommy Thompson requested a Presidential Disaster Declaration from President Bill Clinton for the disaster but was denied .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Chuck Grassley	Iowa	Top Finance Republican Sen. Chuck Grassley of Iowa the Republican's key negotiator said this week that he 'd have to take his constituents ' concerns into consideration in continuing talks .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Treasury	Hugh McCulloch	Treasury Secretary Hugh McCulloch acting on Pollock's recommendation selected the shield design for the obverse or heads side and the stars and rays design for the reverse .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Dubai World	Dubai	Dubai World Central ( not just the international airport ) will have a total of parking slots for automobile vehicles for its employees Dubai residents tourists and other users .
org:founded_by(e1,e2)	Poisoned Pen Press	Robert Rosenwald	Poisoned Pen Press was founded in 1997 by Barbara G. Peters Robert Rosenwald and their daughter Susan Malling .
no_relation	Army	Howard Callaway	Heiberg served for a year as Executive to Secretary of the Army Howard Callaway .
per:country_of_birth(e2,e1)	Belize	Said Musa	The meeting was attended by Mexican President Felipe Calderon Panama's President Martin Torrijos El Salvador's President Elias Antonio Saca Guatemala's President Oscar Berger Nicaragua's President Daniel Ortega and Belize 's Prime Minister Said Musa .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e2,e1)	Florida	Bob Graham	The change in control of Congress is important but what it does n't mean is the Democrats can impose their will said Florida Democrat Bob Graham a former senator governor and presidential candidate .
org:city_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Rockford	Rockford College	A native of Rockford Ill. Patterson graduated from Rockford West High School then attended Rockford College where she was a member of the Rockford College Hall of Fame after playing field hockey from 1975-79 .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	John F. Kennedy High School	Sacramento California	In 2010 Lusk became the head coach of the John F. Kennedy High School football team in Sacramento California .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Syria	Hashim al-Atassi	The congress was considered the first national parliament in the history of Syria and it was headed by Hashim al-Atassi .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Franklin Pierce	United States	He resumed the practice of law and was appointed by President Franklin Pierce as a United States attorney for the northern district of California on April 1 1853 .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	High Court	Edmund Barton	He developed close friendships with two judges of the High Court of Australia : Sir Samuel Griffith ( the Chief Justice and former Premier of Queensland ) and Sir Edmund Barton ( former Prime Minister of Australia ) .
no_relation	Guam	Continental	By 2003 the Guam International Airport Authority moved commuter airlines out of Antonio B. Won Pat International Airport's Commuter Terminal and leased the entire facility to Continental .
per:cities_of_residence(e2,e1)	London	Charlie Watts	The Stan Greig Trio played many gigs in and around London with the Rolling Stones's Charlie Watts sometimes turning out on drums .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Inspectah Deck	Wu-Tang Clan	Other notable collaborations in this album includes Emmett from Butterfingers Roshan from K-Town Clan Ras Muhammad and the most notable of them all Inspectah Deck from the legendary Wu-Tang Clan .
no_relation	CARVEN	60	CARVEN has grown from a staff of five including Henry to 60 occupying a five-story building in Saint-Germain-des-Pres .
no_relation	Carl Larsson	Swedish	Painting by Carl Larsson in the Swedish National museum's stairway ( detail ) March 2008 .
no_relation	Pennsylvania	Mercer	The University of Pennsylvania Museum appointed Mercer as the Curator of American and Prehistoric Archeology in the early 1890s .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	him	United States	In March 2012 Forbes reported Bloomberg wealth at $ 22 billion ranking him 20th in the world and 11th in the United States .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Colorado	Wayne Allard	He has additionally worked for former Virginia senator George Allen former Colorado Senator Wayne Allard former Colorado governor Bill Owens and former Montana senator Conrad Burns .
org:members(e2,e1)	University of Tennessee	University of Tennessee System	The University of Tennessee at Chattanooga is the second largest campus of the University of Tennessee System with a student population of over .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	Sarah Bernhardt	Paris	Earlier she acted in the company of Sarah Bernhardt in Paris France .
no_relation	Navy	Russian Federation	It was used by the Soviet Navy and with mostly insignificant changes remains in use by the Naval fleet of the Russian Federation .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Curt Anderson	Maryland	Her father Curt Anderson is an attorney and a member of the Maryland House of Delegates and her mother Marcia is a dentist .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	SBS	Australia	Due to the departure of both Mary Kostakidis and Stan Grant as co-hosts of SBS World News Australia Anton was appointed co-host of the bulletin on 17 December 2007 with Janice Petersen .
per:title(e1,e2)	Parton	actress	His siblings are Willadeene Parton ( a poet b. 1940 ) David Parton ( b. 1942 ) Denver Parton ( b. 1943 ) Dolly Rebecca Parton ( singer-songwriter and actress b. 1946 ) Bobby Lee Parton ( b. 1948 ) Stella Parton ( singer-songwriter b. 1949 ) Cassie Parton ( singer b. 1951 ) Larry G. Parton ( b. 1955 d. 1955 ) twins Floyd Parton ( a singer-songwriter b. 1957 ) Freida Parton ( a singer b. 1957 ) and Rachel ( Parton ) Dennison ( an actress b. 1959 ) .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Central College	Texas	Central College is a community college based in Houston Texas .
no_relation	priest	The Tablet	Member of Una Voce International a lay organization approved by the Holy See Monsignor Vladimir Felzmann a priest who worked as personal assistant before leaving Opus Dei in 1981 Annabel Miller Muscular Catholicism The Tablet 17 November 2001 claimed in an interview for Newsweek that was so distraught by the reforms introduced by the Second Vatican Council that he and his deputy del Portillo went to Greece in 1967 to see if they could bring Opus Dei into the Greek Orthodox Church .
per:cities_of_residence(e2,e1)	New York	he	In 1883 he moved to New York City where he practiced law until 1889 .
per:country_of_birth(e2,e1)	Sweden	Fredrik Reinfeldt	President Barack Obama recently thanked Sweden 's Prime Minister Fredrik Reinfeldt in a phone call for Sweden's support in Afghanistan as part of the NATO-led International Security Assistance Force .
no_relation	Suzuki	Japan	Suzuki won his first event on the Japan Golf Tour in 1993 and would win consistently between then and 2004 .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Greece	Christos Dantis	The winner was Greece 's My Number One written by famous Greek songwriters Christos Dantis and Natalia Germanou and performed by Swedish-born Greek singer Elena Paparizou who scored 230 points while Malta's Angel written and performed by Chiara was the runner up with 192 points and the 3rd place went to Romania's Let Me Try .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Liberal	Jean Lapierre	ran as a Bloc candidate in the Montreal division of Outremont in the 2006 federal election and finished a close second against incumbent Liberal cabinet minister Jean Lapierre .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Iceland	Geir Haarde	Iceland 's parliament refers ex-PM Geir Haarde to special court to face banking crisis charges .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Bob Graham	Florida	On November 18 2005 the Sunshine Skyway Bridge which was rebuilt during Graham's time as Governor was renamed the Bob Graham Sunshine Skyway Bridge by the Florida Legislature .
no_relation	Gavin Rossdale	Bush	In late April 1997 Troiano and Gavin Rossdale reached an agreement under which Rossdale's band was permitted to use the name Bush without the letter X in exchange for donating $ each to the Starlight Foundation and the Canadian Music Therapy Trust Fund .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Hiram Fong	Hawaii	That year with Hiram Fong retiring Matsunaga defeated Hawaii 's other House representative Patsy Mink for the Democratic Party nomination for Senator .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Vicente Rangel	Venezuela	The right-wing Venezuelan press reported the presence of Montesinos in Venezuelan territory months before the capture although Vicente Rangel representing the position of the Venezuelan government denied his presence and the rumors that suggested that Montesinos was inside Venezuela .
no_relation	its	5	At the time of its disbanding WN charged C$ 36.95 + GST per month to members who signed up for home Internet service ( 3 ~ 5 Mbit/s down/720 kbit/s up ) which was less than Bell and Rogers charged for their high-speed Internet access service .
per:spouse(e1,e2)	Betty Davis	Miles Davis	In the mid-1970s Larry Graham worked with Betty Davis the second ex-wife of jazz legend Miles Davis .
org:members(e2,e1)	Lisahally F.C.	Lisahally	The local football team Lisahally F.C. takes its name from the Lisahally port which is close to the village .
per:spouse(e1,e2)	Mary of Teck	George	In 1892 Francis ' daughter Princess Victoria Mary of Teck married Prince George Duke of York who later reigned as King George V. When the 1st Duke of Teck died in 1900 the dukedom passed to his eldest son HSH Prince Adolphus of Teck .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	St Laurence School	Wiltshire	St Laurence School is a secondary school in Bradford on Avon Wiltshire England .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Montt	Chile	In 1840 Montt was elected to the National Congress of Chile .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e2,e1)	Vermont	Patrick Leahy	One reason for Treasury's decision may be the strong bipartisan support that the team according to its Web site had from some of the two states ' top politicians -- Vermont Republican Lt. Gov. Brian Dubie ; U.S. Sens. Patrick Leahy D-Vt. Bernard Sanders I-Vt. Judd Gregg R-N.H. and John Sununu R-N.H. ; and U.S. Reps. Paul Hodes D-N.H. and Rep. Peter Welch D-Vt .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Ramkhamhaeng University	Thailand	Anupong completed a primary education from Bangkok's Phanthasuksa Pitthaya School in 1965 and Thai-British Curriculum Amnuay Silpa School in the following year a military education from Thailand's Armed Forces Academies Preparatory School in 1967 ( Class 10 ) and from Chulachomklao Royal Military Academy in 1972 ( Class 21 ) as well as a degree of political science from Ramkhamhaeng University in 1993 and a master's degree from the National Defence College of Thailand 's Class 26 of Thailand's National Institute of Development Administration in 2004 respectively .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Benitez	Puerto Rico	In 1832 Benitez published her first poem La Ninfa de Puerto Rico which is considered to be the first poem written by a Puerto Rican woman .
per:spouse(e1,e2)	Anne	Henry	On Friday comes the big-screen version of The Other Boleyn Girl featuring Scarlett Johansson as Mary Boleyn Natalie Portman as the tragic scheming Anne and Eric Bana as a dashing Henry VIII ( before the gout and addled ambition soured him ) .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	University of Edinburgh	Scotland	John R. Underhill is Professor of Stratigraphy in the Grant Institute of Geology in the School of Geosciences at The University of Edinburgh Scotland and Associate Professor in the Institute of Petroleum Engineering Heriot-Watt University .
no_relation	He	Kenya	He has presented seminar papers in the USA UK Germany Iran Kenya Sudan Maldives India Singapore Thailand Philippines Hong Kong Australia and Japan .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Defence	Jaak Aaviksoo	Defence Minister Jaak Aaviksoo said in a letter to Tallinn city authorities that the ministry will decide over the course of the excavation work where to re - inter the remains of soldiers who are assumed to lie under the monument .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	State	Robert Zoellick	Deputy Secretary of State Robert Zoellick resigned in July but his successor the US intelligence chief John Negroponte was named only this month .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Vanderbilt University	Nashville	Dr. F. Peter Guengerich is a professor of biochemistry and the director of the Center in Molecular Toxicology at Vanderbilt University Nashville Tennessee .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Prachanda	Nepal	Responding to queries from media Prachanda said that the decision on whether or not to extend the United Nations Mission in Nepal will be taken before the first meeting of Constituent Assembly ( CA ) after holding talks among political parties .
per:cities_of_residence(e2,e1)	Yellowknife	Gordon Van Tighem	We lived through the largest staking rush the world has seen '' said Yellowknife Mayor Gordon Van Tighem .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	David Martin	United States	David Martin United States and Jean-Claude Scherrer Switzerland 6-4 6-4 6-4 .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Cyprus College	Cyprus	The Cyprus College of Art was initially enthusiastic about the prospect of an international art fair in Cyprus publishing a supporting article in the College newsletter ArtCyprus about Manifesta .
no_relation	Forbes Burnham	Guyana	Built in the times of Forbes Burnham the then President of Guyana PKCS was part of a major vision to populate Guyana's hinterland regions in a bid to make the country more self-sufficient .
per:cities_of_residence(e2,e1)	New York City	Elia Kazan	The original performance opened in New York City on January 23 1964 directed by Elia Kazan and starring Barbara Loden and Jason Robards Jr. with an early appearance by Faye Dunaway .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Defensor Sporting	Uruguay	Defensor Sporting ( Uruguay ) vs. River Plate ( Argentina ) .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Abkhazia	Sergei Bagapsh	Leader of Georgia's breakaway region of Abkhazia Sergei Bagapsh on Wednesday ordered the navy to destroy Georgian ships said to have illegally crossed the border .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	John	Ant-Zen	John has released over 40 records under various aliases on famous labels such as Ant-Zen Hymen Records Nova Zembla and Disques Hushush .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	He	Utah	He moved back to Utah with his family in 1982 and was a member of the state champion cross country team in 1985-86 for Bonneville High School in Washington Terrace Utah .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	ident Ho Chi	ic of Vi	After persuading Emperor B?o i to abdicate in his favour on September 2 1945 Pres ident Ho Chi Minh declared independence for the Democratic Republ ic of Vi etnam .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e2,e1)	Delaware	Nemours	Delaware Attorney General Beau Biden also objected to the Nemours Mansion and Garden prohibiting access by children under 12 and limiting total visitors to 48 per tour on the 222-acre property .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	University of South Carolina	Columbia	The Realist Short Story Of The Powerful Glimpse Kerry McSweeney University of South Carolina Press 718 Devine Street Columbia SC 29208 9781570036958 $ 29.95 www.sc.edu/uscpress 1-800-768-2500 .
no_relation	Deutsche Telekom	AG	Deutsche Telekom AG 's T-Mobile division will sell Apple Inc.'s iPhone in Germany company officials said Wednesday .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Chicago	Peter Cetera	Saturday in the Park is a song written by Robert Lamm and recorded by the group Chicago for their 1972 album Chicago V with Lamm on piano and lead vocals and Peter Cetera on bass and backing vocals .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Nikki Webster	Gotham	The Best of Nikki Webster is the fourth album by Australian singer Nikki Webster released in Australia on 29 November 2004 ( see 2004 in music ) by Gotham Records .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Daniel Ortega	Nicaragua	Daniel Ortega Saavedra ( ; born 11 November 1945 ) is a Nicaraguan politician who has been President of Nicaragua since January 2007 ; previously he was President from 1985 to 1990 .
no_relation	Symetra	Warren Buffett	Life insurer Symetra Financial Corp. which is making a $ 351 million offering already has vote of confidence from Warren Buffett .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Health and Human Services	Tommy Thompson	Former U.S. Secretary of Health and Human Services Tommy Thompson said in Taipei Wednesday that the people of Taiwan deserve the same level of public health as anyone else in the world .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Franklin D. Roosevelt	Hyde Park	The boathouse was specially built to accommodate his yacht the Icicle now on display at the Franklin D. Roosevelt Presidential Library and Museum also in Hyde Park .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Indiana	Indiana National Guard	Camp Atterbury near Edinburgh Indiana USA is a training base of the Indiana National Guard .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Westminster High School	California	Immediately following his university education as a science teacher Linsky began working at Westminster High School in Westminster California .
no_relation	Cambridge University	Tianjin	In the International architectural design competition for University Students held in 1994 and 2000 participated by over 180 colleges and universities from more than 50 countries including world famous universities like MIT Harvard and Cambridge University the participants from the School of Architecture of Tianjin University won twice the highest prize which indicates the university educational quality and level .
no_relation	Magdallan	Ken Tamplin	He has been a member of bands such as Giuffria House Of Lords and Magdallan ( also known as Magdalen after Ken Tamplin 's departure ) .
per:cities_of_residence(e2,e1)	Caracas	Gego	Consequently after moving to Caracas Venezuela Gego taught at the school of architecture of the Central University between 1958 and 1967 .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Don Roach	West Adelaide	Don Roach was an inaugural member of the South Australian Football Hall of Fame in 2002 and he is also a member of the West Adelaide Football Club Hall of Fame .
no_relation	India	Aaj Tak	In October 2012 India Today and Aaj Tak alleged that the Kurshids had embezzled from the fund a charge denied by the Khurshids.TV Today stands by its sting operation on Salman Khurshid : Politics News-IBNLive The ruling party Congress strongly defended Khurshid but social activist Arvind Kejriwal of India Against Corruption began what he called indefinite agitation until legal action had been taken against the Khurshids .
org:alternate_names(e2,e1)	AFL	AFL-CIO	In 1951 WEB was formally integrated into the AFL ( and later after the merger with the Congress of Industrial Organizations the AFL-CIO ) as its Education Department .
org:members(e2,e1)	Blues	Ontario	The Blues play in the Ontario University Athletics conference and are coached by Darren Lowe .
org:founded(e1,e2)	Newcastle Knights	1988	He was part of the inaugural Newcastle Knights squad from 1988 89 and then returned to play in 1991 .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Almaden	California	Almaden Valley ( often just called Almaden or The Den ) is an upper-middle-class neighborhood of about in the southeastern portion of San Jose California USA roughly equivalent to the 95120 ZIP Code .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	He	Atlantic	He was signed to major labels including Atlantic Blue Thumb Columbia Paramount MCA etc .
no_relation	opposition	Burton	The opposition to the anti-India measure was so strong that Burton withdrew instead facing a decisive defeat on the floor .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Aquinas High School	Augusta	Aquinas High School is a private coeducational Roman Catholic high school located in midtown Augusta Georgia .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	California Southern University	California	The California Southern University School of Law is registered with the Committee of Bar Examiners of the State Bar of California as a Registered Unaccredited Correspondence Law School which is sufficient to qualify its graduates to sit for the California Bar Examination .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Ranger College	Ranger	http://www.tarletonsports.com/roster.aspx?rp_id=5028 Henry attended two years at Ranger College in Ranger Texas from 2007 to 2009 .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Thailand	Tanin Kraivixien	The 1982 edition of the Royal Institute Dictionary was first published in 1982 in commemoration of the 200th anniversary of the establishment of Bangkok as the capital of Thailand by King Rama I. In 1976 Prime Minister Tanin Kraivixien ordered a revision of RID 1950 as part of an increased effort to promote knowledge of the standard language among Thai citizens .
org:alternate_names(e1,e2)	National Association of Teachers in Further and Higher Education	NATFHE	In May 2006 on the last day of its final conference National Association of Teachers in Further and Higher Education ( NATFHE ) passed motion 198C a call to boycott Israeli academics who did not vocally speak out against their government .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Pakistan	Nawaz Sharif	The PPP won the most votes in the Feb. 18 elections and will form a coalition government with Pakistan Muslim League-Nawaz ( PML - N ) led by former Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif .
no_relation	I	Maldives	I congratulate Anni Gayoom told the Voice of Maldives station .
per:origin(e1,e2)	Sally Ride	American	Those recruited include Dr. Sally Ride the first American female astronaut and United States Air Force Colonel Guion Bluford the first African-American astronaut as well as Dr. Judith Resnik and Dr. Ronald McNair who both flew successful missions during the Space Shuttle program before their deaths in the Space Shuttle Challenger disaster on January 28 1986 .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	France	Jean-Marie Le Pen	France 's far-right National Front party began a transition conference Saturday likely to hand a final mandate to its pugnacious 79-year-old chief Jean-Marie Le Pen .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Egypt	Anwar Sadat	Egypt 's economy was highly centralised during the tenure of President Gamal Abdel Nasser but opened up considerably under President Anwar Sadat and Mubarak .
per:cities_of_residence(e2,e1)	Jakarta	Sutan Sjahrir	In the meantime the Indonesian government had moved from Jakarta now under Dutch control to Yogyakarta in January ; delegates led by Prime Minister Sutan Sjahrir spent much of April and May unsuccessfully negotiating for Dutch recognition of Indonesian sovereignty .
per:title(e2,e1)	President	Michel Suleiman	The two leaders were welcomed at Beirut airport by Lebanese President Michel Suleiman Prime Minister Saad Hariri Parliament Speaker Nabih Berri and several senior Lebanese officials .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Garnet Crow	Japan	Garnet Crow released their debut album First Soundscope : Mizu no Nai Hareta Umi e in 2001 in Japan where it reached number six .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Washington	Continental Army	Piecing together letters plantation records and samplings of timber from the house preservationists were able to reconstruct a building that was part of a major expansion at Mount Vernon before Washington left to command the Continental Army in the Revolutionary War .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	American University of Kuwait	Kuwait	The American University of Kuwait is a private liberal arts institution based on the American model of higher education in Kuwait City Kuwait .
per:title(e1,e2)	Missy Elliott	artist	Houston is currently scheduled to write a film based on the life of rapper Melissa Arnette Elliott better known as Missy Elliott an American recording artist singer-songwriter dancer actress award winning producer and designer .
per:title(e2,e1)	guitarist	Buckethead	Look Up There is the thirty-fourth studio album by guitarist Buckethead and the fifth installment of the Buckethead Pikes Series .
no_relation	Dartmouth College	Ivy League	James Edward Wright ( born August 16 1939 ) is a historian who serves on the faculty of Dartmouth College an Ivy League university in Hanover New Hampshire from 1969 to present and was that institution's president from 1998 to 2009 .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Rutherford B. Hayes	Ohio	The chair is now displayed in the Rutherford B. Hayes Presidential Center in Fremont Ohio .
per:origin(e2,e1)	Indonesia	Suharto	In Indonesia this post was briefly held by army chief Suharto who seized power in 1965 and forced President Sukarno to resign in 1967 .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	University of St. La Salle	Philippines	Silay Institute Inc. also known as Silay Institute or La Salle-Silay and informally referred to by its acronym SI is a private co-educational institution of learning supervised by the University of St. La Salle located in Silay City 14 kilometers north of Bacolod City the capital of Negros Occidental province in the Philippines .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Rex	United States	Rex Records was a United States based record label owned by the Rex Talking Machine Corporation of Wilmington Delaware .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Navy	Donald C. Winter	Despite the problems the Navy secretary Donald C. Winter and other top Navy officials say they remain committed to building 55 of the ships once a steady fixed-price production run can be assured .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	Kroenke	Colorado Rapids	Through Kroenke Sports Enterprises Kroenke also controls the NBA's Denver Nuggets the NHL's Colorado Avalanche and the Colorado Rapids of Major League Soccer .
org:founded(e1,e2)	L.L.Bean	1912	thumb | left | L.L.Bean in Yonkers NYThe company L.L.Bean was founded in 1912 by its namesake avid hunter and fisherman Leon Leonwood Bean in Freeport Maine .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Jones	Foreigner	Jones is the only person to play on every Foreigner album .
org:alternate_names(e1,e2)	Justicialist Party	Peronism	Felipe ( born 23 July 1950 ) is an Argentine politician of the Justicialist Party ( Peronism ) and was the governor of the province of Buenos Aires until he left office in 2007 .
per:title(e1,e2)	He	villain	He played an upper-crust English villain G. Emory Partridge in the The Man From U.N.C.L.E. episode The Gazebo in the Maze Affair ( 1965 ) and reprised the role later in that same year in The Yukon Affair .
org:founded_by(e1,e2)	Eagle Forum	Phyllis Schlafly	He has been awarded the Freedom and Family Award by Texas Eagle Forum an interest group founded by Phyllis Schlafly of Missouri .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Valdas Adamkus	Lithuania	After performing the song the Lithuanian President Valdas Adamkus invited the group to perform at Lithuania 's Independence Day .
per:title(e1,e2)	Namie Amuro	singer	Namie Amuro Best Fiction Tour 2008-2009 is the tenth concert tour by Japanese / Pop singer and dancer Namie Amuro in support of her greatest hits album Best Fiction ( 2008 ) .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Hackensack High School	Hackensack	Hackensack High School serves students from the Bergen County New Jersey communities of Hackensack South Hackensack Maywood and Rochelle Park .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	MIRV	Iran	The Fajr-3 ( MIRV ) is currently Iran 's most advanced ballistic missile .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Interscope	Karen O	A solo album by Dave Sitek Maximum Balloon was released August 24 2010 on Interscope featuring a variety of guest vocals by many of his musician friends such as Karen O David Byrne and both of his TV on the Radio vocalist bandmates and numerous others .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e2,e1)	California	Barbara Boxer	California 's two senators are women both Democrats ; Sen. Barbara Boxer was renominated in the Democratic primary Tuesday .
org:members(e1,e2)	United States	National Guard	National Guard Association of Delaware Association of the United States Army ( AUSA ) Knights of Columbus Enlisted Association of the National Guard of the United States Warrant Officer Association of the United States Air Force Association ( AFA ) Signal Corps Regimental Association Delaware Medal of Honor Historical Association Military Officers Association of America ( MOAA ) the American Legion and the Sons of the American Revolution ( SAR ) .
org:top_members/employees(e2,e1)	Benigno S. Aquino III	Philippine Airlines	Philippine President Benigno S. Aquino III said Tuesday that Labor Secretary Rosalinda Baldoz will assume jurisdiction of the labor row between flag carrier Philippine Airlines ( PAL ) and its cabin crew union after the last ditch conciliation talks bogged down .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Max Baucus	Montana	But on Monday Sens. Max Baucus of Montana and Dianne Feinstein of California were among those who said they planned to vote for Bernanke's confirmation .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	The Rocco Forte Collection	Sir Rocco Forte	The hotel is a member of The Leading Hotels of the World and is owned by The Rocco Forte Collection the company of Sir Rocco Forte son of the late hotel magnate Baron Charles Forte .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Maudsley Hospital	South London	He was admitted to the Maudsley Hospital in South London on 10 May 1991 .
per:cities_of_residence(e2,e1)	London	Cliff Richard	Sampson had written the song whilst at the Curry Bazaar Indian Restaurant in Wardour Street London West End in October 1959 with friend and neighbour Cliff Richard in mind but record producer Norrie Paramor thought that the song would suit Sampson more .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	Marvel UK	Marvel Comics	Night Raven is a fictional superhero appearing primarily in Marvel UK Comics a division of Marvel Comics .
org:members(e1,e2)	PIAA	LCHS	From 1980 to 1986 the team lost just one dual meet ; in 1985 it had its finest season ever as the team captured the PIAA State championship the first ever for LCHS 's boys Track Field team .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Nicolae Ceau?esc	g Romani	In 1966 the regime of Nicolae Ceau?esc u decreed a ban on contraception and abortion with the aim of increasin g Romani a's population .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	Joyce Murray	Vancouver	The Liberal Party won three of four by-elections held on March 17 2008 as Dion's former leadership rivals Bob Rae and Martha Hall Findlay won convincing victories in Toronto Centre and Willowdale and Joyce Murray was narrowly returned for Vancouver Quadra .
org:city_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Houston	Rice University	Selling an idea is the dream of dozens of competitors from across the world who are in Houston this week for the 2007 Rice University Business Plan Competition .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Eva	Argentina	The Woman with the Whip is a 1952 biography of political leader Eva the late First Lady and Spiritual Leader of the Nation of Argentina .
no_relation	Armstrong Atlantic State University	Georgia	The seven charter members of the conference were Armstrong Atlantic State University Columbus State University Francis Marion University Georgia College State University Lander University USC Aiken and USC Upstate .
no_relation	Damon Albarn	England	Two German fans seem obsessed with the band and Damon Albarn in particular having followed the group from New York to England to Germany .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	It	United States	It has recently been republished in the United States ( ISBN 1-4191-6512-7 ) and in France under the title Nos amis les ( Our friends the French ) ISBN 2-7491-0128-X .
no_relation	Pete Atkin	Clive James	Pete Atkin and Clive James recorded six albums in the 1970s as well as writing an album for Julie Covington best known for her number one hit Do n't Cry For Me Argentina in 1976 .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Cactus Air Force	Henderson Field	During this tour they were part of the Cactus Air Force at Henderson Field and also operated out of Espiritu Santo .
org:founded(e1,e2)	Cartoon Network	October 1 1992	Turner initiated Cartoon Network on Thursday October 1 1992 .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Park	Illinois	South Side Park was the name used for three different baseball parks that formerly stood in Chicago Illinois .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Kenya	Raila Odinga	Kenya 's defeated presidential challenger Raila Odinga on Sunday called on his supporters to reject Mwai Kibaki's re-election which he charges was achieved through massive rigging .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Maryland	Ritchie	The first governor of Maryland reelected since the Civil War Ritchie loomed as a serious contender for the Democratic Presidential nomination in 1924 until the compromise on John W. Davis .
org:alternate_names(e1,e2)	Sukhoi	Su-34	The Russian Air Force considers eventually replacing the Su-24 with the Sukhoi Su-34 .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Spence School	New York City	The student : teacher ratio is 7:1 and students of color in all grades make up approximately 17 percent of the student body.The Spence School | FAQ The school is popular with elite families in New York City .
per:cities_of_residence(e2,e1)	Minneapolis	Prince	Perhaps a nod to the Minneapolis Sound ( Prince Husker Du the ' Mats again showing my age ) .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	Corus Group	Tata Steel	In 2007 Corus Group was purchased by India-based Tata Steel and was renamed Tata Steel Europe in 2010 .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Arizona	Red Mountain High School	Andrews was born and grew up in Mesa Arizona where he attended Red Mountain High School .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Canada	Bank of Canada	Given that interest rates in Canada still remained low by historic standards after Tuesday's increase it was unclear if the Bank of Canada 's move would significantly slow the market .
per:cities_of_residence(e2,e1)	Los Angeles	Richard Riordan	He mounted a bid in the Democratic primary for California Governor during 1994 on the theme of campaign finance reform and ran for Mayor of Los Angeles during 1997 losing to incumbent Republican Richard Riordan .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Joseph Cook	Australia	In 1919 Prime Minister Billy Hughes and former Prime Minister Joseph Cook took Australia 's seat at the Versailles peace conference .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Michael Somare	Papua New Guinea	It was attended by Prime Minister Michael Somare of Papua New Guinea Prime Minister Derek Sikua of the Solomon Islands President Anote Tong of Kiribati Prime Minister Apisai Ielemia of Tuvalu and Prime Minister Frank Bainimarama of Fiji .
org:members(e2,e1)	Butthole Surfers	Go	Blind Eye Sees All is a home video by the Butthole Surfers which was released in 1986 through Touch and Go Video .
no_relation	2000	Voyages	Sonor Designer maple light 20/8/10 / 12/13/15 / 16 Sonor Designer maple light snaredrum 14X4 Sonor Signature steel snaredrum 14X8 Tama Iron Cobra pedals and drum throne Zildjian cymbals : A Custom 6 K/Z 13 A Custom 15 Avedis Medium Ride 22 Sabian cymbals : Max Stax 10 HH Thin Crash 16 AAX Chinese 16 Wincent 5B RoundTip 2000 : Jean-Pierre Llabador El Bobo 2002 : L-batt et Amikisun Ewaka 2003 : Bernard Margarit Notes de Voyages 2004 : Christophe Roncalli XY 2005 : Guitariste .
org:founded_by(e1,e2)	The Walt Disney Company	Roy Disney	In 1923 The Walt Disney Company was founded by brothers Walt and Roy Disney .
per:title(e1,e2)	Bill Nighy	Actor	At the 2012 Critics ' Choice TV Awards Page Eight was nominated for Best Made for TV Movie/Mini Series while Bill Nighy was nominated for Best Actor .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Mozambique	Joaquim Chissano	ANTANANARIVO : Third day of visit by Mozambique 's former president Joaquim Chissano who is mediating in talks aimed at resolving Madagascar's political crisis .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Prachanda	Nepal	Prachanda has set a target of double-digit economic growth and harnessing megawatts of hydropower for Nepal in the next decade .
no_relation	The Libertines	Babyshambles	The song Down to the Underground features Pete Doherty also formerly of The Libertines now frontman of Babyshambles .
per:cities_of_residence(e2,e1)	Ottawa	Dalton McGuinty	On September 14 2012 teachers in Ottawa Ontario protested with signs outside of Dalton McGuinty 's office .
org:members(e2,e1)	Portland Timbers	North American Soccer League	The history of the Portland Timbers stretches back to 1975 when the original Timbers club joined the North American Soccer League to the present club that plays in Major League Soccer .
no_relation	Wildhorn	New York	The genial Wildhorn can be a touch defensive about the New York theater establishment or at least New York theater critics .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Vietnam	Ho Chi Minh	The Intel Corporation the world's largest semiconductor chip maker opened its one billion U.S. dollars chip assembly and testing line in Vietnam 's southern Ho Chi Minh city on Friday Vietnam News Agency reported .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Mike DeWine	Ohio	Mike DeWine the incumbent in Ohio outspent Sherrod Brown substantially yet lost .
per:title(e2,e1)	Prime Minister	Girija Prasad Koirala	In July 2007 the Nepalese Prime Minister Girija Prasad Koirala called for then-King Gyanendra to abdicate the throne and for Paras to renounce his dynastic rights in favour of his son Prince Hridayendra .
per:origin(e1,e2)	Ion Valentin Anestin	Romanian	Ion Valentin Anestin ( December 24 1900 December 6 1963 ) was a Romanian graphic artist engraver painter sculptor journalist and dramatist .
no_relation	2007	League Baseball	The team changed its name in 2007 after its parent Major League Baseball club the Montreal Expos of the National League moved from Montreal to Washington D.C. and became the Washington Nationals .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Neil Peart	Rush	Then you learn the lessons taught in school wo n't be enough -- Neil Peart of Rush ( Song : Kid Gloves ) .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Antonio Fazio	Banca d'Italia	Antonio Fazio ( born 11 October 1936 in Alvito province of Frosinone ) is an Italian banker who was the Governor of Banca d'Italia from 1993 until his resignation amidst controversy at the end of 2005 .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	his	Klein	On March 28 2002 Lovett was caught by a bull and rammed into a fence on his uncle's farm in Klein Texas before being pulled to safety .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Indonesia	Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono	At least 70 people were killed Tuesday when a 6.3-magnitude earthquake rocked Indonesia 's Sumatra island a spokesman for President Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono said .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Junaid Jamshed	Vital Signs	But six years ago Junaid Jamshed Pakistan's most famous frontman -- lead singer with Vital Signs the country's first rock band that emerged in 1986 renounced music and his playboy-image to turn to religion .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Formigoni	Lombardy	Formigoni who had been elected President of Lombardy in April 1995 thanks to the support of Silvio Berlusconi's Forza Italia was appointed president of the CDU at the party's founding congress in July .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	Panasonic	Matsushita Electric Industrial Co.	Victor Co of Japan Ltd. ( JVC ) an affiliate of Panasonic maker Matsushita Electric Industrial Co. produced Japan's first television set and was the pioneer of VHS video recorders .
org:top_members/employees(e2,e1)	Anna Wintour	Vogue	The show elicited hoots of approval from the A-list audience which included Anna Wintour of U.S. Vogue taking it all in from behind her trademark dark shades .
org:founded(e1,e2)	Middlesex Senior Charity Cup	1901	The Middlesex Senior Charity Cup is a knock-out system football competition that has been running since 1901 .
no_relation	Canibus	Universal	The album is Canibus ' first release on an independent record label ( his first two albums Can-I-Bus and 2000 B.C. were released on Universal Records ) .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	she	Winnipeg	In 2004 she released her self-titled debut album on Winnipeg label Avante Records .
per:spouse(e2,e1)	Lady Jane Franklin	John Franklin	The name change came about in 1839 when Lady Jane Franklin wife of John Franklin Lieut-Governor of Van Diemen's Land between 1837 and 1843 became the first woman European woman to travel overland from Port Phillip to Sydney and stayed in the area in 1839 .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	California State University	Long Beach	He received his B.A. from University of California Los Angeles his M.A. from California State University Long Beach and his Ph.D. from Claremont Graduate University .
org:founded(e2,e1)	2006	Torrent Power	In 2006 the three power-related companies of Torrent Group Torrent Power AEC Ltd Torrent Power SEC Ltd and Torrent Power Generation Ltd were merged to form Torrent Power .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	his	International Atomic Energy Agency	Associates say Blix 75 will return to his home in Sweden where he will write a book about his career which included 16 years as director general of the International Atomic Energy Agency .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	He	Denver	He was also mayor at the time of the completion of Denver International Airport started by his precessor Federico .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Health and Human Services	Mike Leavitt	President George W. Bush is dispatching Health and Human Services Secretary Mike Leavitt to Central America as part of his effort to improve U.S. relations in the region .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Macdonald College	Montreal	It was established in 1905 as Macdonald College and opened in 1907 in Sainte-Anne-de-Bellevue Quebec in the West Island region of the Island of Montreal .
org:city_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Niagara	College	In response to the rapid growth of Niagara tourism sector and the anticipated demand for thousands of new workers the College established the Tourism Industry Development Centre ( TIDC ) .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	university	Newberg Oregon	The university was founded in Newberg Oregon in 1885 by Quaker pioneers originally serving as Friends Pacific Academy for several years before becoming a college in 1891 as Pacific College .
org:alternate_names(e2,e1)	Colorado State Normal School	University of Northern Colorado	He was educated at Tarkio College in Missouri and thereafter settled in Florence Colorado as a member of the school system eventually becoming superintendent of the Florence schools and in 1894 a member of the faculty of the Colorado State Normal School in Greeley Colorado ( today the University of Northern Colorado ) where he received a master's degree in 1893 .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Vivendi	Sierra Entertainment	Swordfish Studios was acquired by Vivendi Games in June 2005 becoming a fully owned studio of Sierra Entertainment then acquired by Codemasters on 15 November 2008 after an agreement with Activision Blizzard.Codemasters Acquires Swordfish Studios zConnection It is now known as Codemasters Birmingham .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e2,e1)	Saskatchewan	Brad Wall	Two Saskatchewan premiers have been elected from this constituency Thomas Walter Scott the first premier of the province ; and Brad Wall the current premier .
per:cities_of_residence(e2,e1)	New York City	Rusty Magee	He served as the playwright in residence and associate artistic director of Steve Olsen's West Bank Cafe Downstairs Theatre Bar in Hell's Kitchen in New York City where he collaborated with composer and lyricist Rusty Magee and artistic director Rand Foerster on hundreds of one-act plays from 1981 to 1989 .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Phil	Philles Records	The Treasures a Phil Spector-produced vocal group recorded the song in 1964 as a single released on Spector's Philles Records .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Albania	Bamir Topi	On 6 March 2009 Pano received the order Honor of the Nation from the President of Albania H.E. Bamir Topi .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Punjab	Amarinder Singh	Yuvraj Raninder Singh ( born August 2 1967 ) an Indian politician from Punjab India and son of Captain Amarinder Singh of Patiala who served as Chief Minister of Punjab from 2002 to 2007 he is the titular Heir Apparent to the title of Maharaja of Patiala .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Archie Shepp	Impulse	Coltrane championed many younger free jazz musicians ( notably Archie Shepp ) and under his influence Impulse !
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	Time Warner	TBS	1995 - America's Time Warner Inc. and Turner Broadcasting System Inc. announce a merger with Time Warner purchasing TBS in a deal valued at $ 7.5 billion creating the world's largest media company .
org:top_members/employees(e1,e2)	XanGo	Bryan Davis	Also in 2013 XanGo filed an action against Bryan Davis in the Third Judicial District Court ( Utah and Salt Lake City ) refuting Mr Davis claims in his lawsuit and claiming that Mr Davis was negligent in his duties .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Patrick Henry College	Purcellville	Patrick Henry College of Purcellville Virginia is the only institution to have won multiple intercollegiate moot court championships to-date .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Wales	Aberystwyth University	The University of Wales was founded in Wales in 1893 as a federal university with three foundation colleges : University College Wales ( now Aberystwyth University ) which had been founded in 1872 and University College North Wales ( now Bangor University ) and University College South Wales and Monmouthshire ( now Cardiff University ) which were founded following the Aberdare Report in 1881 .
org:members(e2,e1)	Apocalypse	Rock Symphony	is the fifth studio album by Brazilian rock band Apocalypse released in 2003 and the second under Rock Symphony Record Company .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Equinox	Canada	The Equinox is produced at the CAMI Automotive GM/Suzuki joint venture plant in Ingersoll Ontario Canada .
no_relation	Gale	Mike Johanns	Gale was appointed to fill a vacancy at Secretary of State in December 2000 by Governor Mike Johanns .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Universiti Malaysia Kelantan	Kelantan	Universiti Malaysia Kelantan ( ) or UMK is a public university located in Kelantan in Malaysia .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Mohindra College	Patiala	Established in 1875 Mohindra College located in Patiala Punjab is the oldest institution of contemporary higher learning in Northern India .
per:country_of_birth(e2,e1)	Maldives	Maumoon Abdul Gayoom	MALE Nov. 11 ( Xinhua ) -- Mohamed Nasheed was sworn in as the Maldives ' 4th president Tuesday morning after beating Maumoon Abdul Gayoom last month in the Indian Ocean archipelago's first multi-party presidential election .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Commercial Iron Works	Portland Oregon	The second ship to be so named by the Navy Catalpa ( YN-5 ) was launched 22 February 1941 by Commercial Iron Works Portland Oregon ; sponsored by Mrs. E. B. Colton ; and on 20 June 1941 placed in service for duty in the 12th Naval District .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	CDA	Jan Peter Balkenende	Mark Rutte whose VVD is junior partner in the third Balkenende cabinet of CDA prime-minister Jan Peter Balkenende was worried that the CDA will choose for a coalition with the PvdA after the elections as this at the time of the debate was the only two-party coalition possible according to polls .
org:top_members/employees(e2,e1)	Stockwell Day	Canadian Alliance	Like rural Alberta Calgary has always gone for the most right-wing party on the ballot since the 1993 election with one exception : Joe Clark in Calgary Centre in 2000 with his notability of being a former prime minister and the controversy of Stockwell Day 's stances on same-sex marriage being an issue that election that caused many voters in that riding to turn away from the Canadian Alliance candidate Eric Lowther and support Mr. Clark instead .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Reynolds	Ireland	One of the most important components of Reynolds 's period as Taoiseach was the Northern Ireland peace process .
per:title(e2,e1)	President	Vladimir Voronin	Border guards blocked Moldovan President Vladimir Voronin from entering the separatist region of Transdniestr on Monday officials said .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Energy	Samuel Bodman	High oil prices are starting to impact the U.S. economy Energy Secretary Samuel Bodman said Wednesday .
org:founded(e1,e2)	Your Computer	1981	Your Computer was a British computer magazine published monthly from 1981 to 1988 and aimed at the burgeoning home computer market .
per:origin(e1,e2)	Manmohan Singh	India	They invited students from poor neighborhoods to witness the arrival of the guests of honor Prime Minister Manmohan Singh of India and his wife Gursharan Kaur .
org:founded_by(e2,e1)	he	Great Russia	In April 2007 Rogozin announced that he had formed a new party the Great Russia Party in conjunction with the nationalist Movement Against Illegal Immigration .
no_relation	John Stainer	Ann	John Stainer was the eighth of nine children born to William Stainer and his wife Ann ( Collier ) on 6 June 1840 .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Venezuela	his	But economic diplomatic and friendship ties between Venezuela and Portugal developed significantly during his presidency .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Glenforest Secondary School	Mississauga	Glenforest Secondary School is a public secondary school located in Mississauga Ontario Canada .
org:founded(e1,e2)	Robins School	1949	The Robins School of Business was established in 1949 and offers undergraduate graduate and executive education programs .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Bharrat Jagdeo	Guyana	The village is notable for being the birthplace of both Shivnarine Chanderpaul former captain of the West Indies cricket team and Bharrat Jagdeo president of Guyana .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	France	Philippe	France ( 1940-1944 ) - The Vichy regime of Philippe established following France's defeat by Germany collaborated with the Nazis including in the death of French Jews .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Belgium	NBB	When de Lantsheere was removed as governor of the bank by the Germans on 22 December 1914 at the start of the occupation of Belgium during World War I he became in charge of the NBB .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Dimitris Christofias	Cyprus	Results from 90 percent of votes show communist-rooted candidate Dimitris Christofias wins Cyprus presidential runoff with 53.55 percent .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	He	Japan	He has lived in Japan San Francisco and New York and has collaborated with musicians such as Pete Namlook Bill Laswell Andrew Deutsch Jonah Sharp Taylor Deupree and Uwe Schmidt .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Nicaragua	Daniel Ortega	Because further negotiating would require Habib to meet directly with Nicaragua 's President Daniel Ortega President Reagan forbade him to travel .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	United Arab Emirates	Khalifa bin Zayed Al Nahyan	A consortium led by KEPCO won a contract Sunday to build four nuclear power plants in the United Arab Emirates after a summit between South Korean President Lee Myung-Bak and UAE counterpart Khalifa bin Zayed Al Nahyan in Abu Dhabi .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	Hindenburg	Neudeck	In August 1999 the crew discovered several lost sites in Poland such as the ruins of the Tannenberg Memorial and Hindenburg 's Neudeck estate as well as several well-known locations like Ordensburg Marienberg ( Malbork Castle ) .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	OBC	Go-Ahead Group	OBC was sold to the Go-Ahead Group in 1994 .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Exchequer	Canning	He was offered the Chancellorship of the Exchequer several times by Canning 's successor Lord Goderich but turned it down leading Colonial Secretary William Huskisson to accuse him of sabotaging the ministry .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Kasparov	ratic P	Solidarnost ( Russian for Solidarity named after the Polish Solidarno ) is a Russian liberal democratic political movement founded on 13 December 2008 by a number of well-known members of the liberal democratic opposition including Garry Kasparov Boris Nemtsov and others from the Yabloko and Union of Right Forces ( which had just merged with two pro-Kremlin parties the Democ ratic P arty of Russia and Civilian Power to form the pro-Kremlin liberal democratic Right Cause ) parties leaders of the Dissenters March events the Committee 2008 the People's Democratic Union the United Civil Front The Other Russia and other politicians and political groups .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	China Mobile	Millicom	China Mobile bought the company from Millicom via an acquisition of a license from Millicom to operate a GSM network in Pakistan .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	He	University of Alberta	He competed with the University of Alberta Debate Society .
org:top_members/employees(e2,e1)	Pasi Hurri	BaseN	Pasi Hurri is the current President and CEO of BaseN a global next generation real-time data management solution provider with headquarters in Finland .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	France	Guizot	The opposition in France denounced Guizot 's foreign policy as basely subservient to England .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Tosiwo Nakayama	Federated States	Tosiwo Nakayama ( November 23 1931 in Chuuk March 29 2007 ) was the first President of the Federated States of Micronesia .
per:alternate_names(e1,e2)	his	The Missing Link	Byron James John Dewey Robertson ( February 28 1939 - August 16 2007 ) was a professional wrestler known best for his ring name The Missing Link .
no_relation	flood	Ark	The flood believed to be behind the Noah Ark myth kick-started European agriculture according to new research by the Universities of Exeter UK and Wollongong Australia .
no_relation	LVMH	Louis Vuitton	33 Gancia Delphine Arnault LVMH Moet Hennessy Louis Vuitton Member of the Board After years of grooming by her father luxury - goods titan Bernard Arnault Delphine Arnault Gancia had her coming - out as a full-fledged executive and heir apparent this year .
org:top_members/employees(e1,e2)	National Review	Rich Lowry	As my National Review colleague Rich Lowry marveled : '' So now we need to keep Sadr in Iraq because he's such a stabilizing influence ! '' .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Ian Hunter	UK	All songs written by Ian Hunter except where indicated LP track times from 1973 UK release ( CBS 69038 ) .
no_relation	Arabian Peninsula	Ali	Born around the year 700 in the Arabian Peninsula he initially studied under Abd-Allah ibn Muhammad ibn al-Hanafiyyah the grandson of the renowned Rashidun Caliph Ali ibn Abi Talib .
per:spouse(e1,e2)	He	Joanne Woodward	He sometimes teamed with his wife Joanne Woodward also an Oscar winner for the 1957 film Three Faces of Eve .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	James J. Couzens	Detroit	James J. Couzens ( August 26 1872 October 22 1936 ) was a U.S. Senator from the state of Michigan the Mayor of Detroit an industrialist and philanthropist .
per:spouse(e2,e1)	Soledad Orozco	Manuel Camacho	In 1944 a group known as the League of Decency headed by Soledad Orozco de Avila Camacho wife of president Manuel Camacho decided that the Diana statue such was indecent due to the fact that it was nude .
org:alternate_names(e2,e1)	Mishawaka	High School	Single Class Basketball for the State of Indiana until the 1997-1998 School Year = = = = Girls Varsity Volleyball = = = = Rivals include Mishawaka High School South Bend St. Joseph's High School FW Snider and Elkhart Memorial High School .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Pakistan	Pervez Musharraf	He received some criticism because he took charge of the office when his brother was the Prime Minister of Pakistan He was ousted along with his brother in the 1999 military coup which brought Pervez Musharraf to power .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	G-Unit	Tony Yayo	The song features the G-Unit member Tony Yayo and productions from D.R.U.G.S .
no_relation	Stockholm	Larsson	Whereas the painting of Gustav Vasa's march into Stockholm presented a midsummer theme with a triumphant king Larsson wanted the last illustration to be a midwinter theme with a king who sacrificed himself for his people.Gunnarsson 1992:222 Larsson went to Copenhagen to visit the National Museum of Denmark where he copied the ornamentation of an Iron Age fibula .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	SuperValu	Eden Prairie	SuperValu Pharmacies is a wholly owned subsidiary of Eden Prairie Minnesota-based SuperValu .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Energy	Samuel Bodman	Jeffrey Kupfer then Chief of Staff to Energy Secretary Samuel Bodman was chosen to be acting Deputy Secretary after Sell announced his resignation .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Badfinger	Jackson	In June 2006 a Badfinger convention took place in Swansea featuring a performance by Jackson .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Pakistan	Nawaz Sharif	In another development leader of Pakistan 's main opposition party i.e. Pakistan Muslim League-N Mian Muhammad Nawaz Sharif started his political campaign in Sindh city of Ghotki .
org:top_members/employees(e2,e1)	Hayao Miyazaki	Studio Ghibli	Hayao Miyazaki of Studio Ghibli is the writer and director .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Australia	Ralph	Australia's cash rate is likely to rise 1 percent to 4.5 percent over the next 12 months Commonwealth Bank of Australia chief executive Ralph Norris said on Wednesday .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	Chrysler	Jeep	Analysts say Chrysler must improve Jeep 's quality but some consumers overlook those issues .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	University of Hull	Hull	In 1950 Joubert was appointed to a lectureship in music at the University of Hull In Hull John and Mary Joubert lived in a flat in a fine Victorian house later to become the residence of the University of Hull's librarian Philip Larkin ( 1922 1985 ) and immortalised in Larkin's poem High Windows .
no_relation	Sharon Jones	Daptone	Sharon Jones The Dap Kings - 100 days 100 nights In February 2009 Daptone 's House of Soul was broken into and thieves made off with the better part of its equipment .
per:country_of_birth(e1,e2)	her	Pakistan	Ra'anna was one of the leading woman politician and nationwide respected woman personality who started her career in 1940s and witnessed key major events in Pakistan .
org:members(e1,e2)	Texas Tech Red Raiders	NCAA University Division	The 1972 73 Texas Tech Red Raiders men's basketball team represented Texas Tech University in the Southwest Conference during the 1972 73 NCAA University Division men's basketball season .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Canton High School	Canton	Rigel Gerald Froggy Galgana ( born September 10 1998 ) is a Filipino born mathematics excelled student at Canton High School in Canton Massachusetts Rigel previously from Indiana Texas then moved to Boston last year where he continued his academic excellence under the teaching of math excelled teacher Martin J. Badoian .
org:members(e2,e1)	Fudan	Universitas	Fudan is a member of Universitas 21 an international consortium of research-driven universities .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	Anderson University	Anderson Bible Training School	This list of Anderson University ( Indiana ) alumni includes graduates non-graduate former students and current students of Anderson Bible Training School Anderson College and Theological Seminary Anderson College and/or Anderson University in Anderson Indiana .
no_relation	Rajasthan Royals	Sawai Mansingh Stadium	Rajasthan Royals home venue is the iconic Sawai Mansingh Stadium ( Hindi : ) .
per:title(e2,e1)	singer	Moon Mullican	He also worked with Ted Daffan and singer and piano player Moon Mullican .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	United States	National Educational Television	The station commenced broadcasting on May 25 1953 from the Ezekiel W. Cullen Building on the University of Houston campus as the first public television station in the United States and one of the earliest stations of National Educational Television ( NET ) which eventually merged into PBS .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Bruce Springsteen	E Street Band	Live from the Carousel is a two-song limited edition 10-inch 45-rpm vinyl single by Bruce Springsteen and the E Street Band .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	India	Reliance Industries	CLSA India Pack 09032009 - Reliance Industries Sterlite Nestle India Banks India Infrastructure .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Cyprus	Cyprus Airways	Food and beverages served on flights from Cyprus are provided by Cyprus Airways Catering facilities in Larnaca .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	John Reis	Swami Records	The following year Rocket from the Crypt singer guitarist John Reis released a sequel compilation entitled All Systems Go 2 on his Swami Records label .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Cheddi Jagan	Guyana	On 30 July 2011 Caribbean Airlines Flight 523 - 9Y-PBM overran the runway in rainy weather while landing at the Cheddi Jagan International Airport in Guyana and went through a chain-link perimeter fence .
no_relation	Wang Chung	Jack Hues	Strictly Inc is the self-titled project album released by Genesis keyboardist Tony Banks and Wang Chung lead vocalist Jack Hues in 1995 on Virgin Records .
per:title(e1,e2)	Jeff Bridges	actor	The Winners Best picture The Hurt Locker Actor Jeff Bridges Crazy Heart Actress Sandra Bullock The Blind Side Supporting actor Christoph Waltz Inglourious Basterds .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Adolf	Austria	Martha Kyrle ( ) ( born 17 April 1917 ) is an Austrian physician and the daughter of Adolf the former federal president of Austria and his wife Hilda ( 22 April 1886 21 June 1956 ) .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	USC	Columbia	The degree is awarded by Extended University at USC Columbia .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Mardam Bey	Syria	Atrash and Shahbandar fled to Amman while Mardam Bey went to Jaffa but he was arrested by British authorities and extradited to the mandate authority in Syria .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	she	Island	In 1991 she released a solo album Love : And a Million Other Things for Island Records .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Albert Reynolds	Ireland	1994 - Irish premier Albert Reynolds and Gerry Adams leader of the Irish Republican Army-allied Sinn Fein party commit to peaceful settlement in Northern Ireland .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	He	New York	He is a Democratic New York State Assemblyman .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	2K Sports	Take-Two Interactive	2K Sports is a subsidiary of Take-Two Interactive Software Inc .
no_relation	KMB	Hong Kong	KMB Route 89 is a bus route in New Kowloon and the New Territories Hong Kong .
org:founded_by(e2,e1)	Imogen Heap	Frou Frou	The band is most notable for helping to launch the subsequent musical careers of several of its members most notably keyboard player/producer Guy Sigsworth singer Alexander Blackmoth Nilere and associate vocalist Imogen Heap ( later a solo artist half of Frou Frou and a collaborator with Urban Species and Jeff Beck ) .
no_relation	York	Cecily Neville	Edward of Norwich 2nd Duke of York who was killed at the Battle of Agincourt in 1415 Richard Plantagenet 3rd Duke of York and his wife Cecily Neville as well as his son Edmund Earl of Rutland who with Richard himself fell at the Battle of Wakefield in 1460 are buried in the church .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Cabaret Voltaire	Rough Trade	Cabaret Voltaire later released music through Factory Records Industrial Records and Rough Trade while Gang Of Four signed to Fast Product and eventually EMI .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Steel Pole Bath Tub	Bozeman	In popular music the members of the noise rock group Steel Pole Bath Tub are originally from Bozeman and wrote a song titled Bozeman on their third album The Miracle of Sound in Motion .
no_relation	Franklin D. Roosevelt	Navy	The Theodore and Franklin D. Roosevelt Prize in Naval History is an annual prize established in 1986 and given by The New York Council of the Navy League of the United States the Franklin and Eleanor Roosevelt Institute and the Theodore Roosevelt Association .
per:country_of_birth(e1,e2)	Bob Marley	Jamaica	Songs by late reggae legends Bob Marley and Peter Tosh -- both devout Rastafarians -- will be included in a new collection of Anglican church hymnals in Jamaica .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Italy	Mario Bava	In order to further exploit the Goldfoot name in Italy the producers shot the film in Italy hired an Italian director Mario Bava and cast popular Italian stars Franco and Ciccio in major roles .
org:top_members/employees(e1,e2)	Eagle Forum	Phyllis Schlafly	People who were feeling down are excited again said Eagle Forum head Phyllis Schlafly .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	He	Chile	He was a deputy and senator in the Chilean Congress and was President of Chile from 1946 to 1952 .
per:title(e1,e2)	Philipp Scheidemann	Chancellor	With Philipp Scheidemann ( SPD ) as Chancellor the SPD the DDP and the Center Party formed a coalition government which would go into history under the name Weimar Coalition .
no_relation	Neptune	Reverend and the Makers	Dan had previously played in the Sheffield-based band SWON ( Supersonic Winds of Neptune ) They received their first national air-play thanks to Jon McClure from the band Reverend and the Makers .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Bonham	United Kingdom	British Prime Minister Arthur Balfour condemned the assassinations four days later in his speech in the House of Commons saying that British Ambassador Sir George Bonham was only accredited in front of King Alexander thus with his death relations between United Kingdom and Serbia were terminated .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Financial Mirror	Cyprus	The Cypriot Financial Mirror newspaper has recorded that as recently as September 2008 the government of Northern Cyprus has prevented schoolteachers from returning to the primary school in Rizokarpaso .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Lee Greenwood	MCA	The Bandit Express Performed by : Lee Greenwood Courtesy of MCA Records Inc .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Fiorello H. LaGuardia High School of Music Art and Performing Arts	New York	He attended Fiorello H. LaGuardia High School of Music Art and Performing Arts in New York City and received a Bachelor of Arts degree from The Cooper Union .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	Wrightstown	New Hanover Township School	The school serves students in pre-Kindergarten through eighth grade from New Hanover Township and Wrightstown as part of the New Hanover Township School District .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Whitesnake	Coverdale	Prior to his leaving Coverdale was actually about to fold the band but executives at Geffen Records ( with whom Whitesnake had recently signed with in the US only outside the US they remained with EMI ) asked Coverdale to continue working with guitarist John Sykes as they saw potential in the two .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	United Russia	Vladimir Putin	The parliament's majority United Russia will doubtless agree on the candidacy ( of Vladimir Putin ) after submission of it Boris Gryzlov speaker of the State Duma the lower house of parliament was quoted by Itar-Tass news agency as saying .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Seton Hall University	New Jersey	He attended Seton Hall University in South Orange New Jersey .
org:alternate_names(e2,e1)	Centerpartiet	Centre Party	This fight led him into the youth branch of the Swedish Agrarian party which in 1958 changed its name to Centerpartiet ( the Centre Party ) .
org:alternate_names(e1,e2)	Democratic Trade Union Confederation of Romania	Confedera?ia Sindicatelor Democratic	The Democratic Trade Union Confederation of Romania ( Confedera?ia Sindicatelor Democratic e din CSDR ) is a national trade union center in Romania .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	USA	Bob Berg	The yachts were transported to Seattle in the USA the home of Bob Berg .
org:members(e2,e1)	Air Force Falcons	United States Air Force Academy	The 2000 Air Force Falcons football team represented the United States Air Force Academy in the 2000 NCAA Division I-A football season .
no_relation	Jack Nitzsche	Sonny Bono	Needles and Pins is a song written by Jack Nitzsche and Sonny Bono .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	He	Alabama	He worked for the rest of the war in a shipbuilding company in Mobile Alabama as well as singing in bars for soldiers .
org:top_members/employees(e2,e1)	Arthur D. Levinson	Genentech	At the time they shared two directors : Eric E. Schmidt Google's chief and Arthur D. Levinson the former chief executive of Genentech .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Thomas Jefferson	United States	Thomas Jefferson Lilly ( June 3 1878 April 2 1956 ) represented West Virginia in the Sixty-eighth United States Congress .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Elmwood Park High School	Elmwood Park	Elmwood Park High School or EPHS is a public four-year high school located in Elmwood Park Illinois a western suburb of Chicago Illinois in the United States .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Guyana	Cheddi Jagan	Her mother was one of Guyana's earliest feminists human rights activists and consumer advocates ; her father was Press Secretary to the Marxist opposition leader and later President of Guyana Dr Cheddi Jagan .
org:city_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Clinton	Ashford University	The Clinton Iowa Riverfront also known as The Dike by locals is an area of Clinton Iowa USA near landmarks such as Ashford University baseball field and Clinton Showboat Theater .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Eminem	Shady	In a 2012 interview Obie opened up on the topic admitting having issues with Interscope Records chairman Jimmy Iovine which was Trice's fault clarifying I was kind of reckless not on time certain things and Iovine did want to further the project with me so we tried to work it out but it just did come to a head so I had to do what I had to do before going on to note that his relationship with the label is great and he continues to work with Eminem notably on Bottoms Up which was to be released originally on Shady Records .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Mayo College	Berkshire	Educated at Mayo College Ajmer and Wellington College in Berkshire he reigned for five years under the regency of his great-uncle General Maharaja Sir Pratap Singh of Idar who had abdicated his throne at Idar in order to oversee the Jodhpur regency .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Daniel Akaka	Hawaii	McKenna was one of three candidates recommended to President Barack Obama by Senators Daniel Inouye and Daniel Akaka to fill a judicial vacancy on the United States District Court for the District of Hawaii .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	McConnell	Kentucky	McConnell was born in Tuscumbia Alabama and raised in southern Louisville Kentucky son of Addison Mitchell McConnell and his wife Julia ( Shockley ) .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Interior	James Rudolph Garfield	Young was appointed by the Secretary of the Interior James Rudolph Garfield as full superintendent of the park .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Chris Catalyst	Eureka Machines	In the same e-mail newsletter Steven announced that Chris Catalyst had left The Scaramanga Six to concentrate on his band Eureka Machines ( leaving them as a quartet again ) and that the band had written a brand new sixth studio album to replace A Pound Of Flesh .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	United bank	Karachi	United bank Ltd. one of the largest banks in Pakistan is developing its Head Office at Ibrahim Ismail Chundrigar Road Karachi and hired Shankland Cox of England and ESS-I-AAR for Engineering Design of the tower .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Onondaga Community College	Syracuse	WOCC's call letters used to belong to the college station for Onondaga Community College in Syracuse NY ( which has been replaced by an online-only station ) .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Freud	Mushroom Records	In 1989 Freud went solo again releasing Step into the Heat the most expensive album released by Mushroom Records up to that point .
per:origin(e2,e1)	Irish	Gerry Adams.Sinn O'Hanlon	O ` Hanlon ( 1963 - April 11 2006 ) The Irish Times was a Provisional Irish Republican Army member and Sinn official who routinely assisted Sinn president and Member of Parliament Gerry Adams.Sinn O'Hanlon was born in North Belfast in 1963 one of six children of a republican family .
per:title(e2,e1)	President	Hu Jintao	Chinese President Hu Jintao arrived in Mianyang a city in the quake-hit southwestern Sichuan Province Friday morning .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	William Hale Thompson	Illinois	William Hale Thompson was the Mayor of Chicago during the riot and a game of brinksmanship with Illinois Governor Frank Lowden may have exacerbated the riot since Thompson refused to ask Lowden to send in the militia for four days despite Lowden ensuring the militia was in Chicago and ready to intervene .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	United States	Abraham Lincoln	Back in the United States the Abraham Lincoln Brigade veterans were alternately labeled Communists and utilized for their expertise .
no_relation	Scott Lucas	Essendon Football Club	Scott Lucas ( born 30 December 1977 ) is a former Australian rules footballer for the Essendon Football Club in the Australian Football League and is noted as the other major forward for the Bombers along with Matthew Lloyd .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Poland	Ludwik Solski Academy for the Dramatic Arts	In 1999 Hadari relocated to Poland and began MFA studies at the Faculty of Drama Directing of The Ludwik Solski Academy for the Dramatic Arts in Cracow ( Pastwowa Wy?sza Szko?a Teatralna im .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	?alf	f Czechoslovaki	?alf a ( born 7 May 1946 in ) was a Prime Minister o f Czechoslovaki a during and after the Velvet Revolution as well as acting President for 19 days and was a key facilitator of smooth power transfer from the Communists to a new democratic representation .
no_relation	Barry Manilow	Arista	June 26 1974 The partnership began to gain traction in 1974 with the release of his second album Barry Manilow II on Bell Records and reissued on Arista which contained the breakthrough number-one hit Mandy .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Interior	Dominique de Villepin	Hotly-tipped to replace him is Interior Minister Dominique de Villepin 51 who made his name as the suave spokesman for French opposition to the US war in Iraq .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Austria	Theodor	In 1930 she moved to Vienna Austria and lived with a friend of her mother Baroness Netka Latscher-Lauendorf who was the companion of Theodor later president of Austria .
no_relation	New Zealand	Rakon	Air New Zealand rose two cents to 1.87 Mainfreight was flat at 6.95 and Rakon fell four cents to 3.90 .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	his	Mexico	He was the first Mexican singer to mix his concerts with a traditional rodeo show known in Mexico as a charreria which features dancing horses lavish costumes and cowboy stunts .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Browning School	New York	He received his preparatory education at the Browning School in New York City and the Loomis Institute Windsor Connecticut in 1925 .
no_relation	Design	Pratt Institute	Means has taught at various universities and art schools including SUNY Plattsburgh ( 1989 ) ; Emily Carr College of Art and Design Vancouver BC Canada ( 1992 ) ; University of Ottawa Ottawa Canada ( 1992 ) ; St. Lawrence University Canton NY ( 1999 ) ; International Center of Photography NY NY ( 2000 ) ; Parsons School of Design NY NY ( 2001 ) ; University of Memphis Memphis TN ( 2001 ) ; Pratt Institute NY NY ( 2002 ) .
per:country_of_birth(e1,e2)	Mahmoud Ahmadinejad	Iran	Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad said on Wednesday Iran needed to build uranium enriching centrifuges for its controversial nuclear programme the state-run IRNA news agency reported .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Calder	New York	Calder died unexpectedly on November 11 1976 shortly after opening a major retrospective show at the Whitney Museum in New York .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Harvard University	Theodore William Richards	The house was built in 1900 by Warren Smith Biscoe and was the home of Harvard University chemist and 1914 Nobel Prize winner Theodore William Richards .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e2,e1)	Portuguese	Catherine of Braganza	The company eventually acquired it in 1667 from Charles II to whom Bombay had been ceded in his marriage to the Portuguese princess Catherine of Braganza as part of her dowry .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Buick	Michigan	The Buick Special was an automobile produced by the Buick Motor Division of General Motors Flint Michigan ( USA ) .
no_relation	New York City	Steinman	Rizzuto's baseball play-by-play call was recorded in 1976 at The Hit Factory in New York City by producer Todd Rundgren Meat Loaf and Steinman .
org:founded(e2,e1)	2001	Indian School of Business	Allen has also visited diverse universities and research centers in the context of visiting professorships academic fellowships and scientific advisory such as the University of Tokyo ( 1993 ) the Johann Wolfgang of Francfort ( 2001 2006 ) the Indian School of Business in Hyderabad ( 2005 ) the Stockholm School of Economics and Gothenburg University in Sweden ( 2006 ) .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	ASIO	Canberra	Gillard and Attorney-General Robert McClelland on Thursday attended the formal opening of a counter-terrorism control centre at Australian Security Intelligence Organization ( ASIO ) headquarters in Canberra .
no_relation	Torrent Power	2006	Torrent Power created history by entering into the country first distribution franchisee agreement with Maharashtra State Electricity Distribution Company Limited for Bhiwandi Circle in December 2006 .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Sierra Leone	Ernest Bai Koroma	Two of the three Sierra Leone presidents from the APC party Joseph Saidu Momoh and Ernest Bai Koroma are natives of Bombali District .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Thomas Wolsey	England	1 Thomas Wolsey Cardinal b : March 4 1470/71 St. Nicholas Ipswich Suffolk England d : November 29 1530 in Leicester England + Joan Larke b : Abt .
per:cities_of_residence(e2,e1)	Stratford	Richard Manuel	In 1970 after the birth of his second child David Kalmusky Kalmusky returned to and settled in his hometown of Stratford Ontario where it all started with Richard Manuel John Till and The Revols in 1958 .
org:founded(e1,e2)	Washington High School	USA	George Washington High School is a public 4-year high school located in the East Side neighborhood on the far southeast side of Chicago Illinois USA .
org:founded(e1,e2)	Velvet	2005	Velvet was discovered in 2005 and signed with Bonnier Amigo Music Group .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Democratic Kampuchea	Khieu Samphan	The book Reflection on Cambodian History from Ancient Times to the Era of Democratic Kampuchea appeared in markets last week as Khieu Samphan was admitted to hospital for emergency medical care .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Robert Zoellick	State	The United States will propose Robert Zoellick a former US trade representative and State Department official as the next head of the World Bank a senior administration official said Tuesday .
org:alternate_names(e1,e2)	Indian Space Research Organisation	ISRO	For Monday's launch of the Italian satellite the Indian Space Research Organisation ( ISRO ) which runs India's space programme is charging 11 million dollars the Press Trust of India has reported .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	Voormann	London	In the early 1960s Voormann decided to leave Germany and move to London .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	He	Kuomintang	He was sworn into office as president on 20 May 2008 and sworn in as the Chairman of the Kuomintang on 17 October 2009 .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Clan of Xymox	Netherlands	Attrition In The Nursery and Pink Industry ( UK ) Clan of Xymox ( Netherlands ) Mittageisen ( Switzerland ) Die Form ( France ) and Psyche ( Canada ) played this music in the 1980s .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	II Army Corps	Hellenic Army	In 2005 he attained the rank of Lieutenant General and was given command of the II Army Corps where he remained until 2006 at which point he was promoted to Inspector General of the Hellenic Army which post he held until 2009 .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Fugazi	Ian MacKaye	Despite the outcome several of the Surfers ' peers in the alternative music community including Fugazi and Minor Threat lead singer Ian MacKaye criticized them for having pursued the lawsuit .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	his	Edinburgh	On his return in 1738 he first settled in Edinburgh attracting attention by his head of Duncan Forbes of Culloden and his full-length portrait of the Duke of Argyll later used on Royal Bank of Scotland banknotes .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	G-Unit	Young Hot Rod	An official remix was made featuring up and coming G-Unit Records artist Young Hot Rod .
org:members(e2,e1)	UCF Knights	Division I	The 2012 UCF Knights football team represented the University of Central Florida in the 2012 NCAA Division I FBS football season .
per:alternate_names(e1,e2)	Jessie Ralph	Chambers	She was born Jessie Ralph Chambers in Gloucester Massachusetts in 1864 .
org:alternate_names(e1,e2)	University of Hertfordshire	Hatfield	He is a former philosophy lecturer at the University of Hertfordshire in Hatfield beginning when it was known as Hatfield Polytechnic in 1974 .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Jomo Kenyatta	Kenya	Jomo Kenyatta University of Agriculture and Technology ( JKUAT ) is a public university near Nairobi Kenya .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Arsenal	Belgium	Arsenal 's Belgium defender Thomas Vermaelen has been given the captain's armband by new national coach Dick Advocaat according to press reports here on Thursday .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Paulo Futebol Clube	Paulo	Paulo Futebol Clube is a professional football club based in Paulo Brazil .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	Manchester Regiment	Army	When he was 40 years old and a Company Sergeant-Major in the 18th Battalion ( 3rd Manchester Pals ) The Manchester Regiment of the British Army during the First World War Evans was awarded the Victoria Cross for his deeds on 30 July 1916 during the Battle of the Somme at Guillemont France : Company Sergeant-Major Evans volunteered to take back an important message after five runners had been killed in attempting to do so .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	Newport Television	Providence Equity Partners	On April 20 2007 Clear Channel Communications the owner of KION at the time entered into an agreement to spin off its entire television stations group to Newport Television a broadcasting holding company controlled by the private equity firm Providence Equity Partners .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	SAIC	Shanghai	SAIC traces its origins to the early years of the Chinese automobile industry in the 1940s and SAIC was one of the few carmakers in Mao's China making the Shanghai SH760 .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	He	France	He was forced by his doctors to move to southern France from Paris in hope that it would improve his failing health .
org:founded_by(e1,e2)	Intrepid	Dodge	The Intrepid Stratus and Neon updates of the 1998 to 2000 timeframe were largely complete before Daimler's presence and Dodge 's first experience of any platform sharing with the German side of the company was the 2005 Magnum station wagon introduced as a replacement for the Intrepid .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Discovery Communications	Silver Spring	On September 1 2010 he entered the Discovery Communications headquarters building in Silver Spring Maryland with a gun and several bombs strapped to his body and took three hostages .
no_relation	Conny Plank	Mani Neumeier	Dieter Moebius was involved into numerous projects with such musicians as Conny Plank Mani Neumeier ( Guru Guru ) .
org:city_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Finland	Tapiola	Finland 's first shopping centre Heikintori was opened in Tapiola in 1968 .
org:top_members/employees(e2,e1)	Phyllis Schlafly	Eagle Forum	According to Staver those in attendance included Phyllis Schlafly head of the Eagle Forum ; pastor and Left Behind co - author Tim LaHaye and his wife Beverly founder of Concerned Women for America ; David Barton founder of WallBuilders ; Rick Scarborough of Vision America ; and Don Hodel a former interior secretary and former president of Focus on the Family .
no_relation	Arts Crafts	Feist	It was released in Canada on September 8 2009 on the Arts Crafts label and features guest performances by Stars bandmate Evan Cranley Leslie Feist and others .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Chile	Violeta Parra	By the 1970s she became recognized as one of the South American troubadours who gave rise to the nuevo cancionero movement -- singers including Chile 's Victor Jara and Violeta Parra Argentina's Victor Heredia and Uruguay's Alfredo Zitarrosa who mixed leftist politics with poetic musings critical of the ruling juntas and their iron-fisted curtailment of civil liberties and human rights abuses .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Cornell University	Hans Bethe	Thouless earned his PhD at Cornell University under Hans Bethe .
no_relation	Lilly	1876	In 1934 the firm opened two new facilities on the McCarty Street complex : a replica of Lilly 1876 laboratory and the new Lilly Research Laboratories one of the most fully equipped facilities in the world .
no_relation	Fresno	Bulldogs	Under Batesole Fresno State has won three Western Athletic Conference Championships in a row and he has a 172-134 record with the Bulldogs .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Tiger Lily	John Foxx	Midge Ure was then 21 years old and in the future he became an important figure of New Wave music as frontman of Ultravox then called Tiger Lily and led by Dennis Leigh later known as John Foxx and a successful electronic musician who he replaced in 1979 .
per:spouse(e1,e2)	Cokie Roberts	Hale Boggs	Hale and Lindy Boggs had three children : U.S. TV and public radio journalist Cokie Roberts born December 27 1943 and the wife of journalist Steven V. Roberts ; Thomas Hale Boggs Jr. a prominent Washington attorney and lobbyist ; and the late Barbara Boggs Sigmund who served as mayor of Princeton New Jersey .
org:founded_by(e1,e2)	College	Marcellin Champagnat	The College was a school founded and run in the tradition of the Marist Brothers and their founder Saint Marcellin Champagnat .
org:members(e2,e1)	Fresno State Bulldogs	WAC	Chiaramonte attended Soquel High School in Soquel California and Fresno State University where he played for the Fresno State Bulldogs baseball team in the Western Athletic Conference ( WAC ) in National Collegiate Athletic Association's ( NCAA ) Division I. At Fresno State Chiaramonte was named a Second Team NCAA Division I All-American and WAC All-Star catcher in 1997 .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Indiana State University	Indiana	This is a list of notable current and former faculty members alumni and non-graduating attendees of Indiana State University in Terre Haute Indiana .
no_relation	Japan	Sat?	After the Liberal Party merged with the Japan Democratic Party to form the Liberal Democratic Party Sat? ?served as chairman of the party executive council from December 1957 to June 1958 .
per:title(e1,e2)	Greg Cartwright	singer	Greg Cartwright also known by his stage name Greg Oblivian ( born March 18 1972 ) is an American singer songwriter and guitarist from Memphis Tennessee .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e2,e1)	Connecticut	Christopher Dodd	The incumbent in that race Thomas J. Dodd was the father of former Connecticut Senator Christopher Dodd .
no_relation	Dalaras	Istanbul	Dalaras had been scheduled to perform a concert on the closing night of the second International Orthodox Youth Conference held in Istanbul from 11 to 15 July 2007 .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	South Korea	Hankuk University of Foreign Studies	She later moved to Seoul South Korea to take up a position as a lecturer of English at the Hankuk University of Foreign Studies .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Ingmar Bergman	Sweden	For the second year in a row the Oscar went to an Ingmar Bergman film from Sweden this time for Through A Glass Darkly .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Wilfrid Blunt	England	Wilfrid Blunt was vital in the relay of this information to the British empire although his anti-imperialist views were disregarded and England mounted further campaigns in the Sudan in 1885 and 1896-98 .
org:alternate_names(e1,e2)	MAN Ferrostaal	AG	The Group acquired a further 7.5 % equity interest in ALSCON from MAN Ferrostaal AG in January 2008 .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Kekkonen	Finland	Following the Note Crisis Kekkonen 's popularity soared as many Finnish voters believed him to be more capable than his opponents of defending Finland 's neutrality and security .
per:country_of_birth(e1,e2)	Ellul	France	Ellul was born in Bordeaux France on 6 January 1912 to Marthe Mendes ( Protestant ; French-Portuguese ) and Joseph Ellul ( initially Greek Orthodox but then Voltarian by conviction ; born in Malta of an Italo-Maltese father and Serb mother ) .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	NBC	AOL	And Randy Falco a former senior executive at General Electric Co.'s NBC took the reins of AOL in November that year .
org:members(e1,e2)	European Society of Cardiology	Philips	At the European Society of Cardiology 's ( ESC ) annual congress Royal Philips Electronics ( NYSE : PHG ; AEX : PHI ) today demonstrated its HeartStart MRx Monitor/Defibrillator which enables paramedics to transmit patient data from the ambulance to the hospital's emergency department .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Defense	Harold Brown	Implemented with the aid of Defense Secretary Harold Brown this directive officially set the United States on a countervailing strategy .
org:members(e2,e1)	FAU	NCAA	After only three years of existence FAU jumped from the NAIA level to the NCAA Division II level .
org:founded_by(e1,e2)	Spyker Cars	Victor Muller	The new Saab Automobile AB now owned by Spyker Cars N.V. plans to grow its vehicle lineup and its U.S. headquarters in Royal Oak said Victor Muller founder of Spyker and now chairman of Saab .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Mabini	Philippines	In the next few months Mabini was pressured by political problems such as negotiating to end the hostilities between Filipinos and American forces left in the Philippines after the war .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Cheap Trick	Tom Petersson	Cheap Trick bassist Tom Petersson had recently left the band so Tony Levin played bass .
org:members(e2,e1)	Towson	NCAA	Tony Vinson - Running Back ( 1993-1994 at Towson ) As an all-American running back in 1993 he led the nation in rushing yards with ( then an NCAA Division I-AA record ) all-purpose yards ( ) and points scored ( 138 ) .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Qantas	Australia	Mackay Airport is used by all four major airlines operating in Australia : Qantas subsidiaries QantasLink and Jetstar Virgin Australia and Tiger Airways Australia .
org:top_members/employees(e2,e1)	Davy Jones	the Monkees	-- Jan. 19-26 : The 2008 Rock 'n' Roll Cruise aboard Costa Mediterranea from Fort Lauderdale stars Paul Revere and the Raiders the Lovin ' Spoonful the Righteous Brothers ' Bill Medley and Davy Jones of the Monkees .
per:title(e1,e2)	Michael Ignatieff	politician	Michael Ignatieff is a public intellectual who has worked as a teacher writer/journalist and politician .
per:spouse(e1,e2)	He	Rosemarie Ford	He then left Weston for actress/presenter Rosemarie Ford .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Kenya	Jomo Kenyatta	Addressing a news conference at the Hague Ocampo said Finance Minister Uhuru Kenyatta and son of Kenya 's founding leader Jomo Kenyatta Industrialization Minister Henry Kosgey former Higher Education Minister William Ruto and former police chief Mohammed Hussein Ali were behind the country's post election violence which killed over people and displaced others in 2007/08 .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	DeWine	Cedarville	DeWine accepted positions teaching government courses at Cedarville University Ohio Northern University and Miami University .
org:top_members/employees(e2,e1)	Howard Schultz	Starbucks	SEATTLE -- Over the last two decades Howard Schultz took Starbucks Corp. from a handful of quaint coffee houses and turned it into one of the world's most ubiquitous and popular brands .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Boilermakers	Indiana	The Boilermakers ' home games were played at Ross-Ade Stadium in West Lafayette Indiana .
org:members(e2,e1)	Dartmouth Big Green	Division I	The 2011 Dartmouth Big Green football team represented Dartmouth College in the 2011 NCAA Division I FCS football season .
org:founded(e2,e1)	1991	Doom	+ 1991 Titansports 9-Sticker Sheet featuring : Rocketeers ( 3 ) Legion Of Doom ( 3 ) Hulk Hogan Python Power ( 3 ) $ 8 .
org:alternate_names(e1,e2)	Ministry of Education	MOE	All pre-university programmes in Singapore are co-educational in tandem with the Ministry of Education 's ( MOE ) requirements .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Thomas B. Catron	Republican	From August 1888 till April 1890 he was partnered with Thomas B. Catron an influential member of the territory's Republican Party .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	University of the Ryukyus	Okinawa	Dr. Katsuma Yagasaki a Japanese physicist at the University of the Ryukyus in Okinawa has estimated that the atomicity equivalent of at least Nagasaki bombs has been released into the global atmosphere since 1991 from the use of depleted uranium munitions .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Belgium	NBB	On his return to Belgium after the war he resigned as governor of the NBB .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	NBG	Bank	In 1953 the NBG took over the Bank of Athens which was at that time the second largest Bank in Greece .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Benjamin Netanyahu	Likud	Israel's former prime minister Benjamin Netanyahu was reelected Tuesday as leader of Likud after a party primary of the main right-wing opposition party estimations on Israeli television showed .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Iran	Farah Pahlavi	Leave it to Valentino to gather in the same room Mick Jagger -- in town for a Rolling Stones concert -- Princess Caroline of Monaco and family on their way to a Mediterranean cruise on their private yacht and the widow of the late Shah of Iran Farah Pahlavi .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Fairmount Heavy Transport	Rotterdam	Fairmount Heavy Transport was founded in 2005 and based in Rotterdam .
org:alternate_names(e2,e1)	Alliance of Canadian Cinema	ACTRA	He is a member of the Screen Actor's Guild ( SAG ) the Canadian Actor's Equity Association ( CAEA ) and the Alliance of Canadian Cinema Television and Radio Artists ( ACTRA ) where he serves as the vice-president of member services .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	She	Los Angeles	She was a trailblazer for the forward progression of African-American writers film and television writer Tina Andrews told the Los Angeles Times on Wednesday .
per:origin(e2,e1)	Israel	Rabin	Israel officially marked the 12th anniversary of Rabin 's slaying last week according to the Hebrew calendar .
org:top_members/employees(e2,e1)	Brian France	NASCAR	Brian France does not seem to be having any trouble selling seats or adverts or merchandise for NASCAR .
org:members(e1,e2)	Yorkville	High School Association	Yorkville competes in the Northern Illinois Big 12 Conference and Illinois High School Association .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	K. K. Downing	Yew Tree	K. K. Downing Ian Hill and John Ellis had known each other since early childhood growing up on the Yew Tree estate in West Bromwich .
org:city_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Kent	Tonbridge Grammar School	After the war her family moved to Hampstead and eventually settled in Shoreham in Kent from where she attended Tonbridge Grammar School .
org:alternate_names(e1,e2)	Harrison High School	Harrison	Harrison High School Football Coach John Herrington and the Harrison Hawks football team was honored by Nike for having one of the top 50 football programs in the country USA .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	UTS	University of Toronto	In 2004 UTS became an ancillary unit of the University of Toronto separate from the Ontario Institute for Studies in Education .
per:spouse(e2,e1)	Sonia Gandhi	Rajiv Gandhi	The legislation has Congress President Sonia Gandhi 's backing with she seeing it as part of her late husband Rajiv Gandhi 's unfulfilled dream said political analyst Ajay Singh .
no_relation	A	Canada	The Six Nations Arrows are Junior A box lacrosse team from Six Nations 40 Ontario Canada .
per:title(e1,e2)	Zoellick	State	Zoellick a former U.S. Trade Representative and Deputy Secretary of State was nominated by the United States to replace Paul Wolfowitz who was forced to step down last month amid an ethics scandal involving a pay rise he awarded his girlfriend .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Nicholls State University	Thibodaux	Andrew Simoncelli is an Associate professor of Mass communication at Nicholls State University in Thibodaux Louisiana .
org:top_members/employees(e2,e1)	Charles Lewis	Center for Public Integrity	In another documentary Orwell Rolls in His Grave one of the responders Charles Lewis of the Center for Public Integrity said that his organisation brought this controversy on April 4 2000 7 months before the 2000 U.S. presidential election but the mainstream media chose not to report the story .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Roddy Woomble	Idlewild	As well as her solo work Polwart spent much of 2006 collaborating with other artists on a variety of projects ; Roddy Woomble the lead singer of Idlewild asked her to help co-write and provide backing vocals for his solo album My Secret is My Silence whilst Polwart provided several original songs for the BBC Radio 2 music/social documentary series The Radio Ballads .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Thornton Township High School	Harvey	He was division superintendent in the Bureau of Education Philippine Islands 1908 1914 ; director of extension Ohio University 1916 1919 ; superintendent of Thornton Township High School and Junior College Harvey Ill. 1919 1947 ; president of North Central Association of Colleges and Schools in 1943 and 1944 ; professor of education at De Paul University 1948-1950 ; author ; elected assessor of Thornton Township in 1949 ; elected as a Republican to the Eighty-second and to the three succeeding Congresses until his death in 1958 .
org:founded(e2,e1)	1973	Villa Park High School	The school started in 1973 as a shared campus with the established Villa Park High School for students in grades 10-12 .
org:alternate_names(e2,e1)	Cultural Trust	SVCET	Sri Venkateswara Educational and Cultural Trust was formed to provide educational opportunities to students in and around SVCET is Accredited by the National Board of Accreditation ( NBA ) in India .
no_relation	Harry Partch	California	He later studied composition with Robert Erickson Harry Partch and Ken Gaburo and electronic media with Pauline Oliveros at the University of California San Diego from 1967-8 and 1970-71 .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Hilary R. W. Johnson	True Whig	In the presidential election the result was a victory for incumbent Hilary R. W. Johnson of the True Whig Party ( the sole legal party at the time ) who was re-elected for a third term .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Zain Bhikha	South Africa	Utilizing the talents of other Muslim musicians - Zain Bhikha from South Africa who sang on all but one track the album that had been in the works since 1994 with the exception of the title track ( dating back to 1980 ) was released with a large colorful book .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	University of London	Heythrop College	Located at number 23 is the University of London Heythrop College The Specialist Philosophy and Theology College of the University of London which includes a library of books originally established in 1614 in Louvain by the Society of Jesus ( the Jesuits ) for the study of philosophy and theology .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	him	DEB	They were then mentored for several years by Alton Ellis whom they met producing songs for their Natty Dread and Natty Dread Version albums and then again doing backing vocals for him at DEB Music .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Disney	Burbank	WABC-TV the New York area's ABC Network affiliate is the most-watched TV station in the country said Disney which is based in Burbank California .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	Joe Strummer	London	Joe Strummer later became a DJ for the BBC World Service on a program called Joe Strummer's London Calling .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Malaysia	Wan Azizah Wan Ismail	KUALA LUMPUR -- Malaysia 's opposition leader Wan Azizah Wan Ismail has resigned from her MP's post to make way for her husband former Malaysian Deputy Prime Minister Anwar Ibrahim to contest for the parliamentary membership local media reported on Friday .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	GE	NBC Universal	The source told AFP that GE chief executive Jeffrey Immelt was in Paris on Wednesday to discuss the NBC Universal deal with Vivendi .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Stewart	Atlantic	In 2000 Stewart decided to leave Warner Bros. and moved to Atlantic Records another division of Warner Music Group .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Bainbridge Colby	State	Reports surfaced of an engagement to Bainbridge Colby a former US Secretary of State under President Woodrow Wilson who was then 58 years old to her 24 .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	Southfield Public Schools	Southfield High School	It is the second oldest of three high schools in the Southfield Public Schools district the oldest being Southfield High School and the youngest being University High School Academy .
org:founded(e1,e2)	The National	January 31 1990	The National Sports Daily simply referred to as The National was a sports-centered newspaper published in the United States beginning on January 31 1990 .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Lebanon Valley College	Pennsylvania	He is also an active guest lecturer speaking at such institutions as the University of Southern California the Midi School in Beijing China and Lebanon Valley College in Annville Pennsylvania .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Yayi Boni	Benin	Other leaders present included Faure Gnassingbe of Togo Mali's Amadou Toumani Toure Yayi Boni of Benin and Joao Bernado Vieira of Guinea-Bissau .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Metrovacesa	Spain	One of the new firms Gecina will focus its activities in France while the other Metrovacesa will have property operations concentrated in Spain it said in a statement sent to Spanish stock market regulator CNMV .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Bank of Tanzania	Tanzania	Bank of Tanzania ( BOT ) has said that Tanzania is expected to see its economic growth rebound to 5.7 percent in 2010 from a forecast of 5 percent last year and its inflation below the 6 percent target by June the local daily the Guardian reported on Wednesday .
org:founded_by(e2,e1)	Dennis Publishing	Maxim	While there he pursued leveraged buyouts of media companies like the takeovers of Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer and most of the American publications of Dennis Publishing including the magazine Maxim .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Ecuador	Rafael Correa	Somensatto was expelled from Ecuador in 2007 for allegedly not disbursing a loan of 100 million U.S. dollars in 2005 when Ecuadorian President Rafael Correa was then serving as the country's economy minister .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Sacramento City College	California	He also had notable success in his first head coaching position at Sacramento City College where his teams won three Northern California Athletic League championships and where some players on his old teams still remain in the record books .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Paul Wall	Swishahouse	Paul Wall was one of the original Swishahouse members left to Paid In Full then returned to the Swishahouse .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Frida	Mexico	Frida follows an acclaimed Kahlo retrospective at the Palacio de Bellas Artes in Mexico City a monstrous 350-plus piece exhibition to commemorate the 100th anniversary of her birth .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Ho Chi Minh	Vietnam	NOWZONE Fashion Mall ( ) is a shopping centre in District 1 of Ho Chi Minh City Vietnam .
org:top_members/employees(e2,e1)	Billy Hayes	Communication Workers Union	Billy Hayes who leads the Communication Workers Union sent a reminder that his members are fully entitled to refuse to handle any BNP material .
org:members(e1,e2)	Metal Church	producer	Quick to capitalize on this achievement Sadus stuck their hands in their pockets to self finance the debut album pulling in Metal Church guitarist John Marshall as producer .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e2,e1)	Alberta	Herbert Greenfield	John Edward Brownlee served as Attorney-General of the province of Alberta in western Canada from 1921 until 1926 in the United Farmers of Alberta ( UFA ) government of Herbert Greenfield .
org:top_members/employees(e1,e2)	Humble Pie	Clem Clempson	Rough Diamond was formed by singer David Byron following his dismissal from Uriah Heep along with former Humble Pie guitarist Clem Clempson and ex-Wings drummer Geoff Britton .
org:alternate_names(e1,e2)	TAA	Australian Airlines	Trans-Australia Airlines or TAA ( renamed Australian Airlines in 1986 ) was one of the two major Australian domestic airlines between its inception in 1946 and its sale to Qantas in May 1996 .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	he	Alabama	In 1961 he was inducted into the Country Music Hall of Fame and he was into the Alabama Music Hall of Fame in 1985 .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Gravy Train	England	Gravy Train were a progressive rock group from Lancashire England formed by vocalist and guitarist Norman Barratt in 1969 .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	barrister	Elizabeth I of England	John Manwood ( died 1610 ) was a barrister of Lincoln's Inn gamekeeper of Waltham Forest and Justice in Eyre of the New Forest under Elizabeth I of England .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Navy	Bremer Vulkan	Shoshone ( ID-1760 ) first U.S. Navy ship of the name was built in 1911 by Bremer Vulkan at Vegesack Germany and operated as a passenger-cargo ship by the Hamburg-America Line as SS Wasgenwald .
no_relation	PPP	Forbes Burnham	Despite losing the elections Prime Minister and PPP leader Cheddi Jagan refused to resign and had to be removed by Governor Richard Luyt with Forbes Burnham replacing him .
per:country_of_birth(e1,e2)	Meighen	Canada	Meighen announced in his keynote address to the party on December 9 1942 that he was not a candidate for the leadership and the party subsequently chose Bracken as leader and renamed itself the Progressive Conservative Party of Canada .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Hennig	Florida	On the April 5 2009 episode of FCW it was announced that Hennig had suffered a serious injury and therefore he had surrendered the Florida Heavyweight Championship .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	LAF	Lebanon	Security assistance to both the LAF and the Internal Security Forces ( ISF ) increased significantly after the 2006 war in order to support the democratically elected Government of Lebanon as it carries out the requirements of UNSCR 1701 and asserts its sovereignty over the whole of Lebanese territory .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Mikhail Fradkov	Russia	On Nov. 9 2006 Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao and then Russian Prime Minister Mikhail Fradkov participated in the 11th regular meeting and the closing ceremony of Year of Russia in Beijing .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Paul O'Neill	Treasury	Unlike during rookies Paul O'Neill or John Snow's tenure we wo n't get many mistakes to make easy money he said referring to President George W. Bush's first two Treasury secretaries .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e2,e1)	Montana	Conrad Burns	The Indian vote was important in several state races in 2006 and turnout on the reservations and among urban Indians in Montana was crucial to Democrat Jon Tester's close victory over incumbent Republican Conrad Burns in the recent U.S. Senate election here .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Vietnam	Ho Chi Minh	During the height of the Vietnam War in 1968 the Democratic Republic of Vietnam or North Vietnam under its President Ho Chi Minh established diplomatic relations with the Palestine Liberation Organization or PLO .
per:title(e2,e1)	Prime Minister	Yves Leterme	Prime Minister Yves Leterme ( Christen-Democratisch en Vlaams ) immediately offered his resignation to King Albert II who accepted it on 26 April 2010 .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Sony	George Michael	The deal between Sony Corp. and Bertelsmann Music Group brought artists like Shakira George Michael Avril Lavigne and Elvis Presley under one roof and joined up labels such as Arista Jive Epic and Columbia .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Afghanistan	Tolo TV	Afghanistan 's Tolo TV has continued Afghan Idol with a new host former flight attendant Omid Nezami .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Japan	Honda	Japan striker Keiji Tamada says that Honda is the starting point of the attacks and it's very important to keep him involved in the game .
org:founded(e1,e2)	Front	1998	Front was first published by Cabal Communications in 1998 it was created to rival IPC's publication Loaded catering to a demographic of 16 - to 25-year-old males .
per:country_of_birth(e1,e2)	Andrew Johnson	United States	Andrew Johnson ( December 29 1808 July 31 1875 ) was the 17th President of the United States serving from 1865 to 1869 .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Piero	Italy	Her duet with Piero on an Italian-English song entitled Amore Immaginato became a hit in Italy spending over two months at the top of Italian Airplay Chart .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Honda	Japan	On Thursday Honda announced it is cutting jobs in Britain and Japan because of plunging vehicle demand .
per:spouse(e1,e2)	Suharto	Siti Hartinah	Suharto 's wife Siti Hartinah died in 1996 .
no_relation	Scotland	University of Aberdeen	David Brown ( Aberdeen August 17 1803 - Aberdeen July 3 1897 ) was a Free Church of Scotland minister at St. James Glasgow and professor of theology at Free Church College of the University of Aberdeen .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	agency	Netherlands	Three billion years ago galaxies were forming stars at . . five times the rate we know today he told AFP at the agency 's offices in Noordwijk in the western Netherlands .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	He	Pakistan	He said that the PML-N will introduce the true democracy in Pakistan and there is no vested interest of the party to achieve this goal .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	Oklahoma State Cowboys	Oklahoma State University	The 2009 Oklahoma State Cowboys football team represented Oklahoma State University in the 2009 NCAA Division I FBS college football season .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Kosovo	Bajram Rexhepi	After that election Kosovo 's political parties formed an all-party unity coalition and elected Ibrahim Rugova as President and Bajram Rexhepi ( PDK ) as Prime Minister .
org:founded_by(e1,e2)	Special Ops Paintball	Jared Orvis	Special Ops Paintball was started by Jayson Orvis with brothers Jared Orvis and Rory McCarthy as partners .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Judas Priest	Rob Halford	Owens made headlines in 1996 when he went from being a fan of the British metal act Judas Priest to being their lead singer filling the shoes of Rob Halford ( and by doing so inspiring the movie Rock Star which was later disavowed by the band ) .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Saudi Arabia	King Abdullah University of Science and Technology	The king will be among several Arab and foreign leaders who attend the inauguration of Saudi Arabia 's King Abdullah University of Science and Technology located in Jeddah .
per:origin(e1,e2)	he	Chinese	While there he encountered the Marxist ideas then spreading across Europe following the Russian revolution and in 1924 joined the Chinese Communist Party in Paris .
per:country_of_birth(e2,e1)	Italy	Antonio Fazio	Those rules which were adopted last month were drawn up largely in reaction to attempts by the former head of the Bank of Italy Antonio Fazio to block ABN Amro's takeover in 2005 of an Italian bank .
org:members(e2,e1)	Galaxy	Major League Soccer	The Galaxy reacquired Ruiz for a Major League Soccer second-round draft pick in 2009 and an undisclosed amount of allocation money .
org:city_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Stockholm	OMX	Representatives from the Dubai stock exchange arrived in Stockholm on Monday to meet with OMX and some of the company's largest shareholders including Investor AB -- holder of a 10.7 percent stake -- and the Swedish government which owns 6.6 percent .
per:alternate_names(e2,e1)	Tom Cato Visnes	King Ov Hell	The band was formed in 2002 by Toschie ( formerly in Sylvia Wane ) Thomas Tofthagen ( Sahg ) Arve Isdal aka Ice Dale ( Enslaved Bourbon Flame ao ) Kjetil Greve ( Deride ) Tom Cato Visnes aka King ( Gorgoroth God Seed Sahg King Ov Hell ) and Herbrand Larsen ( Enslaved ) .
no_relation	Island	Annie	He was born in Hampton Prince Edward Island the son of Abraham Myers and Annie McNeill and was educated at Prince of Wales College .
per:spouse(e1,e2)	Shelly	chairman	Shelly who took her professional surname after her late father's given name was married to Andrew Ostroy the chairman and CEO of the marketing firm Belardi/Ostroy .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	University of Edinburgh	Scotland	Dr. Tony Kinder has a BSc ( University of Bradford ) an MA ( University of Bradford ) an MBA ( University of Edinburgh ) an MSc e-Learning ( University of Edinburgh ) an M Teach ( University of Edinburgh ) and a PhD ( from the University of Edinburgh on the diffusion of lean production techniques from inward investors into indigenous companies via supply chains in Scotland ) .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Columbia	him	The album sold copies and Nelson was released from his Atlantic contract prompting Columbia Records ' executives to offer Nelson a contract giving him complete creative control of his works .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Yitzhak Ben-Zvi	Israel	But by the influence of then Israeli President Yitzhak Ben-Zvi it was secretly taken by the government and placed in the Shrine of the Book at the Israel Museum .
no_relation	He	Belize	He pledged to improve conditions in the underdeveloped and largely inaccessible southern part of Belize .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	VTU	Karnataka	Educational Qualification Master of Technology in Computer Science Engineering ( 2006-2008 ) from Visveshwaraiah Technological University ( VTU ) Karnataka India .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	United States Air Force	4th Space Launch Squadron	The United States Air Force 's 4th Space Launch Squadron ( 4 SLS ) is a space launch unit located at Vandenberg AFB California .
no_relation	He	Germany	He criticised the policies of Joseph Wirth who signed agreements with France in accordance with Germany 's submission to the French occupation of the Ruhr in 1923 .
no_relation	Big Kuntry King	T.I.	And it made us look good in our neighborhood and every other neighborhood in the A. Big Kuntry King first major feature spot came on T.I. debut studio album I 'm Serious ( 2001 ) on the song Heavy Chevys .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	RATP	Paris	The weather hit public transport in the suburbs hard with around 50 of services affected operator RATP said including buses to Paris airports .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	University of Cambridge	Alan Baker	He earned his doctorate from the University of Cambridge in 1976 under supervision of Alan Baker .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	BWIA West Indies Airways	Trinidad and Tobago	BWIA West Indies Airways Limited known locally as Bee-wee was the national airline of Trinidad and Tobago .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	ESPN Classic	ESPN	ESPN Classic occasionally shows live action when two events to which ESPN has the rights are taking place at the same time .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Legislative Council	Rita Fan	Hu and his entourage were also greeted by Donald Tsang's wife Selina Tsang Chief Secretary for Administration Rafael Hui Si - yan ; Financial Secretary Henry Tang Ying-yen ; Secretary for Justice Wong Yan Lung ; President of the Legislative Council Rita Fan Hsu Lai-tai ; and Leung Chun-ying convenor of the non - official members of the Executive Council .
no_relation	US-reliant	Group	Benchmark oil fell to $ US95 .09 on the dimmer growth outlook and US-reliant Westfield Group lost 34 to $ 18.95 .
no_relation	Blanche Oelrichs	Vanderbilts	Born Blanche Marie Louise Oelrichs at her uncle's Hermann Oelrichs ' opulent mansion in Newport Rhode Island designed by renowned architect Stanford White Blanche Oelrichs spent summers amidst the Astors the Vanderbilts and numerous other wealthy elites of American society .
org:alternate_names(e1,e2)	National Defence Academy	Indian Military	Lt Gen Gyan Bhushan an alumnus of Sainik School Tilaiya ( Bihar ) National Defence Academy and Indian Military Academy took over as GOC-in-C ( Army Commander ) of the Jaipur-based South Western Command .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Japan	Kyoto University	Makoto Kobayashi 64 of the High Energy Accelerator Research Organization in Tsukuba Japan and Toshihide Maskawa 68 of the Yukawa Institute for Theoretical Physics at Kyoto University will each receive a quarter of the prize .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Egypt	Hosni Mubarak	In April 2005 the then Russian President Vladimir Putin visited Egypt and Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak visited Russia in April 2008 .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Steve Hackett	England	He went on to appear as DCI Tom Haggerty in Special Branch alongside George Sewell and DS Steve Hackett in the police series Target and featured in one of the last Carry On films Carry On England .
org:top_members/employees(e2,e1)	Director	Ajegroup	According to Sorin Voinea Director of Marketing ( Asia Pacific ) Ajegroup does n't have intentions of necessarily competing with Coca-Cola and Pepsi but more so to follow their accomplishments .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Florida State University	Florida	John Boda ( 22 August 1922 in Boyceville Wisconsin 2002 ) was a professor of music theory composition and piano at Florida State University in Tallahassee Florida between 1947 and 2001 .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Nationalist	Stanley Bruce	In Australia the conservative Nationalist Party government of Stanley Bruce latched onto the Singapore strategy which called for reliance on the British navy supported by a naval squadron as strong as Australia could afford .
no_relation	Manitoba	Gary Doer	Edward Timothy Tim Sale ( born February 5 1942 ) is a former Manitoba politician and member of the Premier Gary Doer 's cabinet .
org:top_members/employees(e1,e2)	Epic Games	Mike Capps	The updates would remain free according to Epic Games president Mike Capps .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Netherlands	Johan Rudolf Thorbecke	In order to prevent revolution in the Netherlands King William II of the Netherlands asked the Leiden professor of law Johan Rudolf Thorbecke a liberal to draft a new constitution .
no_relation	China Mobile	2007	Pre-paid cards accounted for 82 percent of all users at Beijing-based China Mobile that country's biggest operator in 2007 .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Abdullah Mehsud	Taliban	Abdullah Mehsud a Taliban leader who was among the first captives set free from Guantanamo has been described as Baitullah's brother .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	Tim Levinson	Sydney	Tim Levinson better known by the stage name Urthboy is an Australian hip-hop MC and producer from the Blue Mountains west of Sydney Australia .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Gilles Duceppe	Quebec	Separatist Bloc Quebecois leader Gilles Duceppe interjected Independence is something for Quebec to decide not France .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	University of Western Brittany	Brest	Since 2007 it is published by the eponymic association Carnets de at the University of Western Brittany in Brest France .
org:alternate_names(e2,e1)	Texas	Continental Airlines	Its origins were in a group of small commuter airlines acquired by Texas Air Corporation / Continental Airlines .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	Miomir	Podgorica	After 13 months of construction the shopping center was officially opened on October 8 2012 by Miomir the Mayor of Podgorica and Tomislav ?elebi? president of the ?elebi? company which built the entire complex .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Yanni	Greece	Yanni later related that he had become depressed and returned to Greece to live with his parents for three months before traveling the world .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Rawkus	Mr. J. Medeiros	The album features guest appearances from Quannum Projects recording artist Pigeon John former Rawkus Records artist and member of The Procussions Mr. J. Medeiros Humble Beast recording artist Theory Hazit Ohmega Watts and fellow Canadian hip-hop artists Relic and Shortop .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Calgary	Diane Ablonczy	Calgary Nose Hill is a federal electoral district in Alberta Canada that has been represented by Diane Ablonczy in the Canadian House of Commons since 1997 .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	she	One Little Indian	The original deadline for the competition was to be on July 10 ; however due to the worldwide success of Volta she had to perform more international promotion work than her label One Little Indian had originally planned meaning that the previously-planned video shoot for Declare Independence in London could n't take place .
per:title(e2,e1)	Prime Minister	Winston Churchill	Some famous former members include Prime Minister Winston Churchill politician Brendan Bracken 1st Viscount Bracken Sir Nigel Edward Seely 5th Baronet writer Guy Bolton and actor Nigel Bruce .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Lucio	President	On 21 January 2000 Lucio and CONAIE President Antonio Vargas declared a government of national salvation .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Suharto	Indonesia	Golkar's dominance was so absolute that for most of the Suharto era Indonesia was effectively a one-party state .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Jamia Hamdard	Delhi	Shortly before he died he donated his entire library of books and manuscripts to the Jamia Hamdard University Library in Delhi .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Claude A. Swanson	Navy	Swanson's athletes are named the Admirals though they are misnamed since the school's namesake Claude A. Swanson was Secretary of the Navy but was never an Admiral !
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e2,e1)	North Dakota	Ed Schafer	After Johanns resigned on September 20 2007 Conner was named acting secretary.http : / / ap.google.com/article/ALeqM5ie6Sjoie_5El2E5qMem83t7enNAA He served as Acting Secretary of Agriculture until President Bush's nominee former North Dakota Governor Ed Schafer was confirmed by the U.S. Senate on January 28 2008 .
per:spouse(e1,e2)	Chiang Kai-shek	Soong May-ling	The New Life Movement ( ) was set up by Generalissimo Chiang Kai-shek and his wife Soong May-ling in February 1934 with the help of the Blue Shirts Society and the CC Clique within the Chinese Nationalist Party ( Kuomintang ) .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	Cameronians	Army	He was about 31 years old and a sergeant in the 90th Regiment ( later The Cameronians - Scottish Rifles ) of the British Army during the Indian Mutiny when the following deed took place on 16 and 17 November 1857 at Lucknow India for which he was awarded the VC : .
per:cities_of_residence(e2,e1)	Adelaide	Peter Dawson	' In the lead up to four Adelaide Town Hall concerts ( 19th 22nd 24th and 26th September 1931 ) by Australian bass-baritone Peter Dawson and Russian piano virtuoso Mark Hambourg ; Dawson was billed as the World's greatest gramophone personality .
org:members(e1,e2)	NFL	Crimson Giants	Prior to playing with the NFL 's Crimson Giants Spiegel played for a semi-pro team in 1920 the Evansville Ex-Collegians .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Kim Jong-Il	National Defence Commission	All necessary facilities and security for tourism will be reliably provided according to the special measure taken by Kim Jong-Il chairman of the National Defence Commission it said quoting what it called a joint agreement with the Hyundai group .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Russ Feingold	Wisconsin	If he really had a temper problem McCain said he would not have been able to work with fellow senators such as Ted Kennedy a liberal Massachusetts Democrat ; Russ Feingold a Wisconsin Democrat ; and his friend Joe Lieberman the 2000 Democratic vice presidential nominee who now is an Independent .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	Comte	Paris	Following his return to Montpellier Comte soon came to see unbridgeable differences with his Catholic and monarchist family and set off again for Paris earning money by small jobs .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Mozambique	his	But Annan said Chissano's role in leading Mozambique from conflict to peace and democracy was his most outstanding contribution .
no_relation	1997	Magpies	All 22 members of the team played significant parts in ensuring the club rise from the SANFL to the AFL in 1997 and the demand of the SA Football Commission that a Magpies team be kept in the South Australian National Football League ( SANFL ) .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	BIZVI	Virgin Islands	The BIZVI Group LLC formally known as BIZVI was registered as a Limited Liability Company in the US Virgin Islands .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Malaysia	Mahathir bin Mohamad	The song title Lelaki ( warkah seorang anak ) was specially dedicated to former Prime Minister of Malaysia Tun Dr. Mahathir bin Mohamad .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Canada	Duncan	In 1943 the National Film Board of Canada invited Duncan to join its Graphics Division .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Samy Vellu	Malaysian Indian Congress	S. Samy Vellu who had been the unchallenged chief of the Malaysian Indian Congress party since 1979 has been harangued for not doing enough to protect the largely Hindu Indian community's rights in the Muslim Malay-majority country .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Mark Funkhouser	Kansas City	Malouff earlier this year accompanied city officials to Chicago where the delegation presented a letter from Mayor Mark Funkhouser to an association of national consuls general that are headquartered there outlining Kansas City 's Pan American Initiative and inviting representatives to Kansas City for talks on expanded trade and other cooperative ventures .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Martin Feldstein	Council of Economic Advisers	Martin Feldstein a professor of economics at Harvard University and president emeritus of the nonprofit National Bureau of Economic Research was chairman of the Council of Economic Advisers from 1982 to 1984 .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Greece	OTE	Jung is the most senior of the seven former Siemens Hellas executives charged last year with bribery and money laundering over a 1990s contract with Greece 's dominant telecom operator OTE .
per:origin(e2,e1)	French	Claudie	During Lucid's time aboard Mir Priroda the station's final module arrived as did French visitor Claudie flying the mission .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Girija Prasad Koirala	Nepal	Prime Minister Girija Prasad Koirala made a historic announcement by transferring the Communist Party of Nepal ( CPN ) ( formerly known as guerrilla ) from rebellion to mainstream politics .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Wisconsin	Tommy Thompson	She was also previously appointed to the Labor and Industry Review Commission by former Wisconsin Governor Tommy Thompson subsequently re-appointed by Governor Scott Walker in 2011 to a six year term .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	Zuffa LLC	Ultimate Fighting Championship	It was purchased by Zuffa LLC the parent company of the Ultimate Fighting Championship ( UFC ) in 2006 .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	France	Jonatan Cerrada	France was represented by Jonatan Cerrada and the song chaque pas at the Eurovision Song Contest 2004 held in istanbul Turkey .
per:cities_of_residence(e2,e1)	Ottawa	Pearson	On July 26 instead of continuing his visit on to Ottawa where he was scheduled to meet with Prime Minister Pearson he decided to return to France on a French military jet plane.Busby ( 2008 ) p. 159 .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Queensland	Brisbane Grammar School	Born at Waterford Queensland he entered Brisbane Grammar School in 1913 where he excelled at sport .
org:top_members/employees(e1,e2)	NEC	Kaoru Yano	Signing the memorandum were Chen Nortel President of WiMAX and Wireless Mesh Peter McKinnon NEC President Kaoru Yano and Rhode and Schwarz President and Chief Operating Officer Christian Leicher .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Thomas-Institut	University of Cologne	The Thomas-Institut was founded in 1950 by Josef Koch then Professor for medieval philosophy at the University of Cologne .
no_relation	His	Algeria	His comments Sunday were reported by Algeria 's APS news agency .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Salvador Allende	Chile	Earlier that morning Salvador Allende spoke to the people of Chile from the presidential residence at Tomas Moro in Santiago .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Ho Chi Minh	Vietnam	Jolie and Pitt were due to arrive in Ho Chi Minh City on a commercial flight Wednesday night on the eve of the scheduled adoption ceremony in Vietnam 's largest city said Nguyen Van Trung director of the nearby Tam Binh orphanage .
org:top_members/employees(e1,e2)	Canadian Alliance	Stockwell Day	His report The Fundamental Day which brought attention to the conservative religious views of Canadian Alliance leader Stockwell Day was noted as a turning point in the 2000 Canadian federal election .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Daniel Akaka	Hawaii	While the campaigns tossed statements back and forth Obama continued to gather crucial superdelegates including Sen. Daniel Akaka of Hawaii and Rep. Tom Allen of Maine .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	John Baird	Canada	Minister of Foreign Affairs John Baird and Minister of State of Foreign Affairs Diane Ablonczy stated that Canada urgently appeals to the government of the Islamic Republic of Iran to grant clemency to Mr Ghassemi-Shall on compassionate and humanitarian grounds .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	her	University of Karachi	Being one of the senior Professors Dr. Ghous has completed her first term as Chairperson of the Department of International Relations University of Karachi from September 2003 to September 2006 now on a long leave from university .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Saab	Sweden	Under the initial plan Saab built the all aluminium fuselage and vertical stabilizer and also performed final assembly in Sweden while Fairchild was responsible for the wings empennage and wing-mounted nacelles for the two turboprop engines .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	University of Dayton	Ohio	The University of Dayton campus is located on approximately 388 acres on the southern border of the city of Dayton Ohio .
org:alternate_names(e1,e2)	university	Trier	Although the proposal was rejected by university authorities the General Students Committee still typically refers to the university as Trier .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Chicago	Owen	New Leaves is the fifth full-length studio album by Chicago artist Mike Kinsella under the name Owen .
org:founded(e1,e2)	Tracor	1955	Tracor was founded in 1955 as Associated Consultants and Engineers .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Ho Chi Minh	Vietnam	The purpose of the operation was to interdict the flow of People's Army of Vietnam ( PAVN ) supplies on the Ho Chi Minh Trail ( the Truong Son Strategic Supply Route to the North Vietnamese ) from the Democratic Republic of Vietnam ( North Vietnam ) through southeastern Laos and into the northern provinces of the Republic of Vietnam ( South Vietnam ) .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Navy	Frank Knox	Secretary of the Navy Frank Knox later commended Martin for his prompt and heroic action and the petty officer received a Life Saving Medal from the United States Treasury Department .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Sisavang Vong	Laos	From 12 October 1945 Sisavang Vong was officially King of Laos .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Kiribati	Anote Tong	In June 2008 the Kiribati president Anote Tong said that the country has reached the point of no return ; he added To plan for the day when you no longer have a country is indeed painful but I think we have to do that .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Alaska	Mt. Edgecumbe High School	A Koyukon Athabaskan born in Tanana Alaska United States to Warren H. and Alice ( Grant ) Thompson Thompson graduated from Mt. Edgecumbe High School in Sitka and attended the University of Alaska Fairbanks as a civil engineering major .
per:origin(e2,e1)	Colombian	Fernando Botero	This bronze 20 feet tall statue by Colombian artist Fernando Botero Adam stands in the lobby of the Time-Warner Center at Columbus Circle .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Burundi	Pierre Nkurunziza	There is no perfect democracy said Memba adding that the EAC ministerial delegation also met members of the Electoral Commission and Burundi President Pierre Nkurunziza .
no_relation	Sakurai	Issei Noro	In 1976 Sakurai with Issei Noro founded jazz fusion band Casiopea in 1976 .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Spelman College	Atlanta	She graduated from Spelman College in Atlanta Georgia in 1973 .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Lee Kuan Yew	Singapore	Lee Kuan Yew to represent Singapore at Beijing Games .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Animate	Tokyo	The first and headquarters store of Animate opened in 1983 and is located in Ikebukuro a district in Tokyo Japan .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Banco de	Colombia	Founded in 1870 Banco de is the oldest commercial banking institution in Colombia and operates through 274 branches five corporate service centers and a banking attention center in the country .
org:city_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Pisa	University of Pisa	The Orto botanico di Pisa also known as the Orto Botanico dell ' di Pisa is a botanical garden operated by the University of Pisa and located at via Luca Ghini 5 Pisa Italy .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Indonesia	Suharto	Malik would also represent Indonesia and deputize for Suharto in summits with Suharto not showing much interest in foreign policy in the first years of his Presidency .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	he	Tulsa Tribune	Jones changed the paper's name to Tulsa Tribune-Democrat ; then on January 19 1920 he changed it again to Tulsa Tribune .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	Hank Thompson	Waco	That day was declared Hank Thompson Day by Gov. Rick Perry and Waco Mayor Virginia DuPuy .
no_relation	Tupac	Amaru	Tupac Amaru Shakur Foundation http://www.tasf.org/ .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Vinicio Cerezo	Guatemala	On January 14 Serrano replaced Vinicio Cerezo as President of Guatemala .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Gerrard	Australia	By 1989 Gerrard and Perry had separated domestically Gerrard returned to Australia and Perry moved to Ireland but they still wrote recorded and performed together as Dead Can Dance .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Elizabeth Montgomery	USA	At the outbreak of World War II Margaret Harris and Elizabeth Montgomery were in the USA working with Laurence Olivier and they decided to remain there until the end of the war .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Wilfrid Laurier University	Waterloo	The Wilfrid Laurier University Students Union ( WLUSU ) represents undergraduate students at both campuses of Wilfrid Laurier University in Waterloo Ontario and Brantford Ontario Canada .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Rogers	New York	Rogers gave birth to the boy named Knight at a New York hospital Wednesday .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	University of Wisconsin-Parkside	Kenosha	Title : Assistant or Associate Professor of English Employer : University of Wisconsin-Parkside English Department Location : Kenosha WI United States Posted : Oct 31 .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	UNHCR	Kenya	She later worked as a Programme Officer ( Civic Education ) with the Institute For Education in Democracy until 1995 when she moved and worked for one year at UNHCR Kenya Branch Office as a National Protection Officer .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Guyana	Cheddi Jagan	The minister said a recent inspection of Guyana 's Cheddi Jagan International Airport by the United States Transportation Security Administration ( TSA ) found that measures taken by Guyana were adequate but he said that did not mean it was the best system .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Copenhagen Business School	Denmark	Nicolai J. Foss is a Danish Professor of Strategy and Organization at Copenhagen Business School in Copenhagen Denmark .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Gale Norton	Interior	Voted No on confirming Gale Norton as Secretary of Interior ( January 2001 ) .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	VantagePoint Venture Partners	San Bruno	It was n't a good negotiation strategy said Robert F. Kennedy Jr. who serves on the board of VantagePoint Venture Partners a clean-energy venture capital firm based in San Bruno Calif. He used it as an olive branch to the ideological right but I do n't think they are going to give him anything in return .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Venizelos	Greece	In 1905 Venizelos organised the Revolutionary Assembly in the village that ousted Prince George of Greece and precipitated the independence of Crete and its union with Greece ( see Theriso revolt ) .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Kenyatta	Kenya	After his release he managed to secure Kenyatta 's approval in starting Nyeri's Kenya African National Union ( KANU ) branch by visiting him in detention .
per:alternate_names(e2,e1)	Midge Ure	Slik	Among those they approached was Midge Ure who was involved with his own band Slik .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Paracommando Brigade	Belgium	The Paracommando Brigade ( Belgium ) wear the maroon beret with various types of cap badges .
org:founded(e1,e2)	its	1845	A year later in 1878 it acquired the Duxbury and Cohasset Railroad which gave the Old Colony a connection with its original 1845 main line at Kingston .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Allianz	Germany	A spokesman for Allianz of North America based in Golden Valley Minn. and owned by Allianz SE of Germany did not immediately return a call for comment on the suit Tuesday .
org:members(e2,e1)	Owls	NCAA	The Owls competed in the NCAA 's Division I-AA as an Independent .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	BMI	Bmibaby	The deal included the option for Lufthansa to sell BMI Regional and Bmibaby separately as they are not required by IAG ; the deal price would be lowered should Bmibaby not be sold in time .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Molson	Canada	The Realist Short Story Of The Powerful Glimpse : Chekhov To Carver by Kerry McSweeny ( Molson Professor of English at McGill University Montreal Canada ) focuses the professor's analytical commentary on the published writings of five acknowledged masters of the short story format : Anton Chekov James Joyce Ernest Hemingway Flannery O'Connor and Raymond Carver .
org:members(e2,e1)	Stat Quo	Shady	In a June 2009 interview for XXL Eminem elaborated on the impact of Proof's death on him stating : Speculation on an upcoming album by Eminem was reported since mid 2007 from announcements made by artists 50 Cent and Stat Quo a current and former member of Shady Records respectively .
no_relation	Don Letts	London	The video directed by Don Letts was shot partly on the southern banks of the River Thames in London across from the Palace of Westminster .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	Marc Bureau	Gatineau	At 8:59 pm CBC reported that Marc Bureau the incumbent mayor of Gatineau had won the Gatineau mayoral race .
per:country_of_birth(e1,e2)	Kathrin Romary Beckinsale	England	Kathrin Romary Beckinsale was born in London England .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Morarji Desai	India	Brij Lal Varma was a cabinet minister in Morarji Desai ministry in India .
no_relation	smoke	Benjamin	This report focuses on how tobacco smoke causes damage to almost every organ in your body Benjamin said at a briefing .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Indonesia	Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono	Indonesia 's President Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono has previously said that like - minded Islamic countries should have a bigger role in Middle East peace efforts and discuss the region's problems more in a bid to solve them .
org:top_members/employees(e1,e2)	Airbus	Fabrice Bregier	European aircraft manufacturer Airbus could cut production if airlines continue to face financial difficulties its managing director Fabrice Bregier said on Friday .
no_relation	Atlanta	she	The reward was a live appearance on an Atlanta radio show Starmakers Revue where she performed for the next year .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Howard Jones	Elektra	This song was also covered by Howard Jones in 1990 on Elektra Records ' compilation .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Veterans Affairs	Jim Nicholson	Veterans Affairs Secretary Jim Nicholson will head that group which will meet for the first time at the White House on Thursday .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Intwine	Netherlands	At that time the band was asked by German record label Tiefdruck-Musik who were impressed after seeing one of Intwine 's live shows to sign to their label and to release Pyrrhic Victory also abroad of the Netherlands .
no_relation	Lithuania	airBaltic	Latvia on sent a diplomatic note to Lithuania Wednesday accusing a court there of having frozen the assets of its flagship airline airBaltic in violation of several EU regulations .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Ho Chi Minh	Vietnam	It provides consular services and deals with diplomatic affairs in Ho Chi Minh City and the rest of southern Vietnam .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	her	England	Soon after arriving in New York Hart and her mother returned to England and her mother remarried .
no_relation	It	2005	It operated from 1969 to 2005 when it was bought by Icelandic investment group Fons and subsequently merged with their other Danish acquisition the same year the low-fare airline Sterling European Airlines .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Scottish Equitable	Edinburgh	After serving as the actuary to the Equity and Law life insurance company ( 1861 1873 ) he became Chief Executive ( 1873 1900 ) of the Scottish Equitable Life Assurance Society in Edinburgh .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Columbia	Godflesh	After Earache merged with Sony ( Columbia ) Godflesh began appearing on soundtracks .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Benton	Missouri	In 1851 Benton was denied a sixth term by the Missouri legislature ; the polarization of the slavery issue made it impossible for a moderate and unionist to hold that state's senatorial seat .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Birmingham School of Art	Joseph Southall	He was married to Irene Smedley-Aston who featured in many photographs paintings and drawings of the Arts and Crafts movement because the couple were friends with other members of the Birmingham School of Art and the Birmingham Group ( artists ) such as Joseph Southall Arthur Gaskin and Maxwell Armfield ( whose wife Constance { nee Smedley } was a first cousin ) .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	BMW	Mini	BMW said sales of its brands which include Mini and Rolls-Royce shed 18.3 percent in May on a 12-month basis a figure that was nonetheless better than April's drop of 24 percent .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Grassley	Iowa	However the seat continued to be considered to be Safe Republican by many sources with CQ Politics noting that Grassley is one of Iowa 's most durable politicians .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	Drexel University	Earle Mack School of Law	On May 1 2008 the Drexel University College of Law was renamed the Earle Mack School of Law in honor of Earle I. Mack a Drexel University alumnus after a donation of $ 15 million dollars .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Canada	John A. Macdonald	Helen Shaw ( born 1777 in Scotland United Kingdom-died October 24 1862 in Kingston Upper Canada ) was the wife of Hugh Macdonald and Mother to John A. Macdonald the first Prime Minister of Canada .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Lamberto Dini	Italy	jpg | Gianfranco Fini ( 2004 image ) File : Lamberto dini.jpg | Lamberto Dini ( 1997 image ) A series of center-left coalitions dominated Italy 's political landscape between 1996 and 2001 .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Edmund A. Walsh School of Foreign Service	D.C	and also has a Bachelor of Science in Foreign Service from the Edmund A. Walsh School of Foreign Service from Georgetown University in Washington D.C Having joined the Mexican Foreign Service in 1964 he was appointed Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of Mexico to Chile .
org:members(e2,e1)	Stat Quo	Shady	After 50 Cent Stat Quo was the second artist signed to both Shady Records and Aftermath Entertainment and became Dr. Dre and Eminem's newest for Aftermath Blog ( 26 October 2008 ) .
org:top_members/employees(e1,e2)	HSBC	Zheng Haiquan	China is the focus of HSBC 's strategy in emerging markets said Zheng Haiquan chairman of HSBC Asia Pacific .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Dutch East India Company	Amsterdam	The resulting company then merged with the Nieuwe Brabantsche Compagnie in 1601 to form the Verenigde Amsterdamse Compagnie which in turn merged with many other companies ( including the Verenigde Zeeuwse Compagnie ) in 1602 into the Dutch East India Company ( VOC ) retaining a room in the VOC's chambers in Amsterdam .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e2,e1)	Mississippi	Blanche Bruce	The Mississippi State Senate then elected Blanche Bruce in 1875 but Republicans lost power of the Mississippi State Senate and Bruce was not elected to a second term in 1881 .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	He	Colorado	He also sponsored legislation which created Colorado 's Great Sand Dunes National Park and Preserve .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	University of Porto	Portugal	We are glad to announce the International Conference VipIMAGE 2009 - II ECCOMAS THEMATIC CONFERENCE ON COMPUTATIONAL VISION AND MEDICAL IMAGE PROCESSING will be held in the Faculty of Engineering of University of Porto Porto Portugal on October 14-16 2009 .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Austria	Waldheim	Until 1992 Austria 's foreign policy had to deal with the repercussions of the Waldheim controversy as the Austrian president was shunned in some diplomatic circles .
per:alternate_names(e2,e1)	Martha Stelling	Sleeper	In addition the Social Security Death Index records the date of birth of a Martha Stelling ( Sleeper's third husband's surname ) who died in March 1983 in Beaufort County South Carolina ( as Sleeper did ) as June 24 1910 .
per:title(e2,e1)	Prime Minister	Shaukat Aziz	By October 2007 at the end of Prime Minister Shaukat Aziz tenure Pakistan raised back its Foreign Reserves to $ 16.4 billion .
per:title(e2,e1)	President	Chen Shui-bian	With the failure of the Pan-Green Coalition to win a majority President Chen Shui-bian found it difficult as in the past to enact his policies .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	International Leisure Group	Air Europe	In June 1988 the firm was acquired by the International Leisure Group ( ILG ) the parent company of Air Europe .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Energy Recovery Inc.	California	[ Global Market for Seawater and Brackish Water Desalination Plants Slated for High Growth Through 2012 ] ERI and PX Pressure Exchanger History 2008 Inc 500 Fastest Growing Companies Ranked No. 4 in the Top 50 Environmental Services Companies Ranked No. 17 in the Top 100 Businesses in San Francisco-Oakland-Fremont CA PX Pressure Exchanger Finalist - Pump Industry Awards 2008 Hans Peter Michelet - Executive Chairman of the Board of Directors Energy Recovery Inc. of San Leandro California is named EX-IM Bank's Environmental Exporter of the Year Energy Recovery discloses expected IPO terms Energy Recovery registers for IPO Energy Recovery Inc. MSN Money Energy Recovery Inc. Inc5000 World Business Review - Energy Recovery Inc .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Malta	George Abela	In October 2009 the president of Malta George Abela met with the board of the European Region of ILGA at the presidential palace as the group prepared to open its 13th annual conference in Malta .
org:top_members/employees(e1,e2)	MacAndrews Forbes Holdings	Ronald Perelman	MacAndrews Forbes Holdings Inc. is the principal holding company used by and wholly owned by businessman and private equity investor Ronald Perelman .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Bruton	Ireland	Bruton 62 ran a three-party coalition government in Ireland from 1994 to 1997 .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Sweden	Carl Bildt	Sweden 's Foreign Affairs Minister Carl Bildt was also in Afghanistan Monday at the start of a three-day visit his fifth in the country .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Hun Sen	Cambodia	Cambodian Prime Minister Hun Sen has suggested that Cambodia could mediate between the Democratic People's Republic of Korea ( DPRK ) and South Korea as unlike most countries it enjoys good relations with both local newspaper the Mekong Times said Wednesday .
per:country_of_birth(e1,e2)	Kee Marcello	Sweden	Kee Marcello ( born Kjell Hilding on February 20 1960 in Ludvika Sweden ) is a Swedish musician best known as the former guitarist in the rock band Europe .
per:cities_of_residence(e2,e1)	London	Jack Buchanan	In 1920 she returned to musical comedy in London appearing with Jack Buchanan in Wild Geese by Ronald Jeans and Charles Cuvillier ; as Dulcenea in Oh !
no_relation	England	Harold	DeVries The Norwegian Invasion of England p. 40 With the Kingdom of England practically owned by Harold Harthacnut could not even approach without securing sufficient military strength .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Letta Mbulu	Africa	which was sung by South African singer Letta Mbulu ( although Swahili is only commonly spoken on the east coast of Africa ) .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Monica	Georgia	An accompanying music video for the song directed by Ray Kay was filmed in Monica 's hometown Atlanta Georgia .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	University	Sweden	University ( Swedish : ) or MDH is a university college ( ) located in and Eskilstuna Sweden .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	The New Zealand Herald	APN News Media	The New Zealand Herald and the New Zealand Listener formerly privately held by the Wilson Horton families was sold to APN News Media in 1996 .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Carrefour	France	The court in Evry near Paris ordered Carrefour to display the ruling at all the checkouts of its 213 hypermarkets in France .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	UK	Graham Gouldman	Started by Swiss-resident Georgian pop impresario and ex-manager of both the Rolling Stones and the Yardbirds Giorgio Gomelsky in 1966 it released records by artists including Julie Driscoll and Brian Auger and The Trinity who jointly reached No. 5 in the UK in 1968 with This Wheel's on Fire and Blossom Toes as well as early recordings by Graham Gouldman Kevin Godley and Lol Creme who became 10cc .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	Virgin Blue	V Australia	On 25 July 2007 Virgin Blue announced that V Australia would be the name of the new carrier with the runner up of the competition Didgeree Blue to be the name of the airline's first plane .
no_relation	Maple Leaf Sports Entertainment	Toronto FC	Maple Leaf Sports Entertainment got the naming rights of the new stadium and has a Major League Soccer team in the new stadium named Toronto FC .
org:members(e2,e1)	his	J Records	Released his self-titled debut album via J Records on July 2001 .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	International Atomic Energy Agency	Hans Blix	During his longstanding commitment to the International Atomic Energy Agency and the United Nations Hans Blix has worked to fight the spread of weapons of mass destruction and for common security based on international law the university said in a statement .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	Stat Quo	Shady	Stat Quo : The Shady South ( Interview ) BallerStatus.com .
org:alternate_names(e1,e2)	Translational Genomics Research Institute	TGen	It is spearheaded by the MMRC and in collaboration with the Broad Institute and the Translational Genomics Research Institute ( TGen ) .
org:alternate_names(e1,e2)	Technical University of Madrid	Madrid	He is also an advisor to several Spanish and foreign organizations notably the Vatican Institute for Works of Religion the Social Council of Technical University of Madrid the Spanish Foundation against Drug Addiction and the Colegio Libre de Universitarios de Madrid ( a foundation to support academics in retirement ) .
org:founded_by(e1,e2)	Paris Foreign Missions Society	Alexandre de Rhodes	The creation of the Paris Foreign Missions Society was well-aligned with Rome's efforts to at develop the role of the Propaganda.Mantienne p. 26 The creation of the Paris Foreign Missions Society was initiated when the Jesuit Father Alexandre de Rhodes back from Vietnam and asking for the dispatch of numerous missionaries to the Far East obtained in 1650 an agreement by Pope Innocent X to send secular priests and bishops as missionaries .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Louisiana	David Vitter	He also donated in 2008 to the 2010 reelection campaign of Louisiana Republican Senator David Vitter .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	DiNapoli	New York	On February 7 2007 in a joint session of the New York State Legislature DiNapoli was elected as New York State Comptroller succeeding Alan Hevesi by a vote of 150 to 56 .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Leinster House	Jack Lynch	The newly elected 148 members of the 21st assembled at Leinster House on 5 July when a new Fianna government replaced the incumbent Fine Gael Labour Party coalition with Jack Lynch becoming Taoiseach .
per:title(e1,e2)	Harry Hopkins	Commerce	One case contained a folder of military documents marked from Hiss and another case which contained a White House memo from H.H. ( Harry Hopkins former Secretary of Commerce and head of the Lend-Lease Program ) to Al Mikoyan ( Russia's number three man after Stalin and Foreign Commissar Molotov ) which accompanied a map of Oak Ridge and the Manhattan Engineering District and a report from Oak Ridge which contained phrases like : energy produced by fission and walls five feet thick of lead and water to control flying neutrons .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Craig	Idaho	Craig defeated Idaho Attorney General Jim Jones in the Republican primary .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Shelley	Buzzcocks	Shelley weary of the Buzzcocks ' financial state decided to leave the band after Island Records ' Andrew Lauder offered him a solo record deal based on the demos .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Mexico	Kahlo	As part of the commemoration Mexico City's Palacio de Bellas Artes will display some 350 works including 50 letters written by Kahlo more than 100 photos of the artist and a collection of paintings being shown for the first time .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Loreto Mandeville Hall	Toorak	Loreto Mandeville Hall Toorak is a Roman Catholic day school for girls in Toorak a suburb of Melbourne Victoria Australia .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Curtiss-Wright	US	His engine design was first licensed by Curtiss-Wright in New Jersey US .
no_relation	Sooners	University of Oklahoma	The Oklahoma Sooners college football team competes in the National Collegiate Athletic Association ( NCAA ) Division I Football Bowl Subdivision representing the University of Oklahoma in the South Division of the Big 12 Conference .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Viet Minh	Vietnam	In January 1950 the People's Republic of China ( PRC ) and the Soviet Union recognized the Viet Minh 's Democratic Republic of Vietnam based in Hanoi as the government of Vietnam .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Ma Ying-jeou	Kuomintang	The popular Taipei mayor Ma Ying-jeou was also elected the new head of the Kuomintang and was considered the leading contender for the KMT nomination in the 2008 presidential election .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Washington	Continental Army	He also along with Washington and Gen. Nathaniel Greene considered the active and ongoing effort to organize black regiments into the Continental Army as a key step in bringing about emancipation .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Paasikivi	Finland	For practically all of his adult life Paasikivi moved in the inner circles of Finland 's politics .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Exchequer	Gordon Brown	Blair is widely expected to be succeeded by his long-serving finance minister Chancellor of the Exchequer Gordon Brown when he quits after 10 years in power .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Justice	Clemente Mastella	Italian Justice Minister Clemente Mastella on Sunday hailed the brilliant operation leading to the arrest of former revolutionary Cesare Battisti in Brazil .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Trinity Laban	London	In 1999 she graduated in Dance Theatre at the Laban Centre now Trinity Laban in London and gained a Postgraduate Diploma in Dance Performance .
org:top_members/employees(e2,e1)	Richard Branson	Virgin Group	Universal Music Group said Friday it has reached a tentative agreement to buy V2 Music Group Ltd a unit of British billionaire Richard Branson 's Virgin Group and home to recording artists such as Sterephonics and Paul Weller .
per:title(e2,e1)	Finance	Wouter Bos	The defense minister is also facing a shortfall since Finance Minister Wouter Bos is refusing to pay for the replacement of some helicopters .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	TCM	Georgia	TCM is headquartered at the Techwood Campus in Atlanta Georgia 's Midtown business district .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Nanne	Sweden	Second place went to Nanne of Sweden while third place went to Elisabeth Andreassen from Norway .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Wood Green School	Oxfordshire	Wood Green School is a secondary school located in Oxfordshire England which serves the traditional blanket making and historic town of Witney and its surrounding villages .
no_relation	Taraki	Afghanistan	When Taraki visited Moscow on March 20 Kosygin explained to him the USSR's policy regarding Afghanistan : .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Kansas City Terminal Railway	Kansas	The Kansas City Terminal Railway is a Class III railroad terminal railroad that serves as a joint operation of the trunk railroads that serve the Kansas City metropolitan area the country's second largest rail hub .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Indonesia	Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono	President of Indonesia Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono said here Saturday that the Chinese Indonesians are an inalienable part of Indonesian nationality and have equal rights with other Indonesian citizens .
per:origin(e2,e1)	Filipino	Manny Pacquiao	This Fight Is For You ) is a Filipino television inspirational talk show and self-help drama produced by GMA Network and presented by Manny Pacquiao and Jean Garcia .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e2,e1)	Georgia	J-Bo	YoungBloodZ are an American Southern rap duo from Atlanta Georgia comprising members J-Bo ( born Jeffrey Ray Grigsby on October 4 1977 ) and Sean P Joseph ( formerly known as Sean Paul but changed his name to avoid confusion with the Jamaican reggae/dancehall artist of the same name ( Sean P was born Sean Paul Joseph on March 7 1978 ) ) .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Zambia	Levy Mwanawasa	He served as Vice-President of Zambia for a time under Levy Mwanawasa ; he has also founded evangelistic campaigns and ministries and once served as pastor of the Victory Bible Church .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Serbia	by Boris Ta	At these elections the former reformist alliance the Democratic Opposition of Serbia ( DOS ) had broken up into three parts : Democratic Party of Serbia late Prime Minister ?in?i?'s Democratic Party ( now led by Boris Ta di? ) and the G17 Plus group of liberal economists led by Miroljub Labus .
per:title(e1,e2)	Elizabeth Bowes-Lyon	Queen	They formed the Bowes-Lyon family one of whose descendants was the late Elizabeth Bowes-Lyon known in Britain as The Queen Mother .
per:title(e2,e1)	composer	Ken Thorne	The soundtrack album also includes a song from the film's composer Ken Thorne .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	By Nature	New Hampshire	By Nature is a small manufacturer of natural and organic dog food and cat food located in Londonderry New Hampshire USA .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	England	Pete Doherty	CHELTENHAM England : Singer Pete Doherty in court on dangerous driving charges .
per:title(e1,e2)	Libby Davies	NDP	Vancouver : 1-4 p.m. Vancouver Art Gallery ( Robson ) Speakers include : Connie Fogal Leader CAP Libby Davies NDP MP .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	France	raphael	He gained artistic training in France at the des Beaux-Arts in Paris where he was a pupil of the renowned French painter raphael .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	St Pius X College	Chatswood	He also taught Year 6 students and Electronics at St Pius X College Chatswood .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Chile	Salvador Allende	A stamp was released by Magyar Posta in Hungary in 1974 shortly after the September 11 1973 coup in Chile that ended the socialist government of Salvador Allende .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	He	Dark Tranquillity	He is known for his smooth playing style while Niklas Sundin Dark Tranquillity 's other guitarist has a more harsh style .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Arizona	Phelps Dodge	Ricketts went on to modernize the Old Dominion copper mine at Globe Arizona for Phelps Dodge ( 1904 1907 ) and redesigned the smelter at Cananea Sonora for the Greene Cananea Copper Company ( 1906 1907 ) his first major project as an independent consulting engineer .
per:title(e2,e1)	Clarinetist	Buddy DeFranco	Clarinetist Buddy DeFranco said that playing with Tatum was like chasing a train .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Chris Smither	United Artists Records	Honeysuckle Dog is the title of a recording by Chris Smither originally recorded in 1973 for United Artists Records but it was never released as around the same time the record label was purchased by Transamerica which culled over half the UA roster of artists ( including Smither ) shortly before putting the label out of business altogether .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Brad	Seattle	Jaqua along with trialist Jeff Clark Fredy Montero and Brad Evans scored goals for Seattle .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Navy	Donald C. Winter	Navy Secretary Donald C. Winter announced in June 2008 that the ship would be named America .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Interior	Giuliano Amato	The U.S. Embassy in Rome had advised Americans to avoid Vicenza on Saturday and Interior Minister Giuliano Amato warned that violent protesters could infiltrate the march .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Universidad de Sucre	Colombia	The Universidad de Sucre ( Unisucre ) is a public departmental coeducational university located in Sincelejo Sucre Colombia .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	John Adams	Quincy	Following Congress's adjournment in July ( in Philadelphia ) President John Adams spent the rest of the summer and most of the fall at his home in Quincy Massachusetts .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Pacific Lutheran University	Tacoma	Brian Galante is Associate Director of Choral Activities at Pacific Lutheran University in Tacoma Washington where he conducts the University Chorale Men Chorus and University Singers ( Women Chorus ) .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Education	Margaret Spellings	`` Until the security of the database can be ensured I urge you to block the use of the database by private lenders '' Kennedy wrote in a letter to Education Secretary Margaret Spellings .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	Tranz Rail	Tranz Metro	The company was renamed Tranz Rail in 1995 with urban passenger trains rebranded Tranz Metro long-distance passenger Tranz Scenic and freight Tranz Link .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Serzh Sargsyan	Armenia	At the presidential elections of February 2008 Serzh Sargsyan was elected President of the Republic of Armenia .
per:origin(e1,e2)	His	Austrian	His death was announced by the office of the Austrian president Heinz Fischer and by Waldheim's wife Elisabeth .
org:founded(e1,e2)	Fairfield Ludlowe High School	2003	To alleviate population overflow Fairfield Ludlowe High School was opened at the former Roger Ludlowe High School site in 2003 then being used as Roger Ludlowe Middle School .
org:city_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Longmont	DigitalGlobe	Longmont Colo. -- DigitalGlobe provider of the world's highest-resolution commercial satellite imagery and geospatial information products today revealed the first images from WorldView-1 the highest resolution most agile commercial satellite ever flown .
per:country_of_birth(e2,e1)	Italy	Francesco Cossiga	On June 24 1985 the Speaker of the Chamber of Deputies of Italy Nilde Iotti in agreement with Senate Speaker Francesco Cossiga convened the two houses of the Italian Parliament integrated with a number of representatives appointed by the twenty Italian regions in a common session in order to commence voting for the election of the new President of the Italian Republic .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Kenya	Raila Odinga	Kenya 's Mwai Kibaki and Raila Odinga to meet for first time .
org:members(e2,e1)	Tulane University	NCAA	The 2001 Tulane Green Wave football team represented Tulane University in the 2001 NCAA Division I-A football season .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Thomas Jefferson	United States	He was nominated by President Thomas Jefferson on April 19 1806 to a seat on the United States District Court for the District of Maryland vacated by James Winchester .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Rupiah Banda	Zambia	Zambian vice president gets overwhelming support from ruling party for presidential by-election LUSAKA Sept. 1 ( Xinhua ) -- The Zambian ruling Movement for Multi-Party Democracy ( MMD ) has endorsed the candidature of the country's Vice President Rupiah Banda as the presidential candidate in the forthcoming presidential by-election with more joining in the calls Times of Zambia reported Monday .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Theodore Frelinghuysen	New Jersey	He was born on September 30 1848 to Frederick Theodore Frelinghuysen in Newark New Jersey .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Mikael Stanne	Dark Tranquillity	Mikael Stanne of Dark Tranquillity provided a clean vocal section on the track Frozen .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Brazil	Afonso Augusto Moreira Pena	On February 16 1908 the President of Brazil Afonso Augusto Moreira Pena inaugurated with adding four stations of NOB .
org:members(e2,e1)	Florida Army National Guard	Florida	It is also headquarters for the Florida Army National Guard and the Florida Air National Guard headed by the Assistant Adjutant General - Army and the Assistant Adjutant General - Air Force respectively and their associated staffs .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Israel	IDF	In 1948 during Israel 's War of Independence Yarkoni joined an IDF song troupe affiliated with the Givati Brigade .
no_relation	In Strict Confidence	Controlled Fusion	With the groundwork in place the two quickly licensed three artists : In Strict Confidence Controlled Fusion and Melotron .
org:city_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Louisville	Central High School	We must have had something on the ball . . that was the biggest contribution that I rendered . . Johnson taught history economics and mathematics for 16 years at Louisville 's Central High School before engaging the University of Kentucky in a legal test case intended to permit him to pursue further graduate study there .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Australia	6th Division	This new equipment was not available in Australia so it was decided to organise the first unit to be raised the 6th Division with some elements of the old organisation and some of the new .
no_relation	Greece	Karolos Papoulias	In 2007 Manitakis was awarded with the award of exceptional university teaching by the President of Greece Karolos Papoulias .
org:city_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Clayton County	C-Tran	Clayton County had decided to balance its budget by shutting down C-Tran the bus system stranding daily riders .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Lyndon B. Johnson	Texas	With no Southerner on the Democratic ticket for the first time in decades Humphrey and Muskie carried only President Lyndon B. Johnson 's Texas among the 11 states that had formed the Confederacy .
per:country_of_birth(e2,e1)	Australia	Anthony LaPaglia	Another foreign actor ( he's from Australia ) playing American - like Hugh Laurie on House Damian Lewis on Life and Anthony LaPaglia on Without a Trace - Baker has a mysterious inner-directed charm that makes you want to watch him closely .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Arabs	USA	Round up and deport all Muslims and Arabs in the USA who are not US citizens .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Spencer Perceval	United Kingdom	His brother was Spencer Perceval to date the only Prime Minister of the United Kingdom to have been assassinated .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	UPMC	Italy	In 1997 UPMC opened a transplant center in Italy .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Shiseido	Tokyo	The embassy has also received 10 million yen from cosmetic manufacturer Shiseido one million yen from the Niigata municipal government and about 6 million yen from several district governments and parliaments of Tokyo embassy officials said .
org:alternate_names(e1,e2)	Basket Zaragoza 2002	Zaragoza	Basket Zaragoza 2002 S. A. D. more commonly known as CAI Zaragoza by sponsorship reasons is a professional basketball team based in Zaragoza who currently plays in Liga ACB .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Mitch McConnell	Kentucky	The Senate vote came after senators rejected 56-42 a measure from Republican leader Mitch McConnell of Kentucky that would have ramped up drilling and other production .
no_relation	His	actress	His third wife was dancer/actress Gwen Verdon in 1960 ; they had a daughter Nicole Providence Fosse who is an actress and dancer .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Finland	YLE TV2	The film aired on 31 December 2005 on television in Finland on YLE TV2 .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Georgia	Georgia Army National Guard	The 560th Battlefield Surveillance Brigade based at Oglethorpe Armory in Ellenwood Georgia is a major command of the Georgia Army National Guard .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Royal Children	Australia	The Royal Children 's Hospital ( RCH ) is a major children's hospital in Melbourne Australia .
no_relation	Nur Muhammad Taraki	Afghanistan	Following the 1978 Saur Revolution and the September 1979 assassination of Afghan President Nur Muhammad Taraki the Soviet Union sent around troops to the Democratic Republic of Afghanistan to help its southern neighbor defeat a nationwide mujahideen insurgency .
per:alternate_names(e2,e1)	Alan	Ruaidhri	Christina of Garmoran also known as Christina MacRuari Christina of Mar and Christiana of the Isles was a 14th-century Scottish noblewoman who was the legitimate child of Ailin ( Alan ) mac Ruaidhri Lord of Garmoran and chief of Clan Macruari .
no_relation	Ohio State	Ohio	Ohio State athletic teams compete in Division I ( Football Bowl Subdivision for football ) of the NCAA and are known as the Ohio State Buckeyes .
per:title(e2,e1)	President	Abdelaziz Bouteflika	Relations between Algeria and France are in good shape Algerian President Abdelaziz Bouteflika told a press conference in Algiers Monday .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	CS	Mioveni	CS Mioveni plays its home games on Dacia Stadium a arena in downtown Mioveni .
no_relation	FERRARI BELOTTI	mobile	CVS Ferrari dates back to the 1940s when it was previously known as THE FERRARI BELOTTI S.p.A. Belotti was the first company to design and build mobile handling equipment specifically for ports from their manufacturing facility on Ponte Canepa wharf .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Jawaharlal Nehru Technological University	Hyderabad	Located in Himayatnagar village C.B. Post near the famous Chilkur Balaji Temple Moinabad Hyderabad.Approved by AICTE Affiliated to Jawaharlal Nehru Technological University Hyderabad .
no_relation	Thursday	Prisa	Spain's stock market regulator the CNMV today ( Thursday ) approved the deal allowing the listing of shares and warrants of Prisa on both the New York and the Spanish Stock Exchanges as a result of the approval of the merger with Liberty the company said in a statement .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Yes	Bill Bruford	Page and Rodgers originally wanted former Yes drummer Bill Bruford and fretless bassist Pino Palladino in the group ; however Bruford was contracted to another label and Palladino had tour commitments with singer Paul Young .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Germany	Opel	The first model was developed in Germany by Opel Motorsport with the V6 engine's power increased to 195 PS ( 143 kW ) and the other two were created in Milton Keynes by Motor Sport Developments .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Arista	Barry Manilow	The song was composed by Richard Kerr ( music ) and Will Jennings ( lyrics ) and produced by Arista labelmate Barry Manilow .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	collaboration with The International Centre f	ysics	The International University of Chabahar for example offers programs under the guidance of London School of Economics and Political Science Goldsmiths University of London and Royal Holloway. Other schools such as the Institute for Advanced Studies in Basic Sciences in Zanjan have close collaboration with The International Centre f or Theoretical Ph ysics in Trieste Italy for workshops seminars and summer schools .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	university	Fayetteville	The university was established at Fayetteville under the Morril Land-Grant Colleges Act of 1862 .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Enterprise Inns	UK	Enterprise Inns Plc is a UK leased and tenanted pub company headquartered in Solihull West Midlands in the United Kingdom .
no_relation	Yakuza	Candiria	Yakuza followed its release with a tour alongside Candiria and Burnt by the Sun eventually leading to a slot on the Vans Warped Tour .
no_relation	December 12 1939	Fairbanks	On December 12 1939 Fairbanks had a mild heart attack .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Grant Woods	Arizona	`` There was no public controversy about any of these ; any controversy was within the Justice Department '' said J. Grant Woods a Republican and former Arizona attorney general .
no_relation	London	Joyce Grenfell	William Blezard ( 10 March 1921 Padiham Lancashire - 2 March 2003 Barnes London ) was a talented pianist and composer who was musical director to Coward Marlene Dietrich and Joyce Grenfell .
org:founded(e1,e2)	the Libertines	1997	In the past the singer who rose to fame after forming the Libertines in 1997 has admitted that staying off taking drugs was not easy .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	Runga	Christchurch	Runga and Kelly Horgan entered the 1993 smokefreerockquest in Christchurch under the name of Love Soup .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	Apple Daily	Next Media	Apple Daily and its parent company Next Media are thought to be pioneer of paparazzi and yellow Journalism in Hong Kong .
org:alternate_names(e2,e1)	Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries	its	Kuwait's oil minister Sheik Ahmed al-Abdullah al-Sabah told state news agency KUNA on Sunday that the 12-member Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries probably wo n't change its production levels at its next meeting in Angola on Dec. 22 .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Japan	Toshiki Kaifu	It has hosted dinners for millions of people from all over the world including former president of the United States George H. Bush Japan 's former Prime Minister Toshiki Kaifu former German Chancellor Helmut Kohl and Cuba's President Fidel Castro .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	he	Florida	While he travels and tours the better part of the year his home base is split between Kingston Jamaica and Miami Florida .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Pixies	Kim Deal	Since 1998 Little Busters album The Pillows developed a harder sound with extense use of more distorted guitars to create more lively and catchy songs in the like of bands such as Weezer Supergrass and Pixies the last one being clearly of big importance to songwriter Sawao Yamanaka who wrote a song named Kim Deal ( the Pixies bassist ) in the 1999 Happy Bivouac album ( in the album's booklet Sawao wears a t-shirt with a Kim Deal stamp ) .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Pakistan	Nawaz Sharif	Pakistan 's government urges exiled former Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif not to return to the country .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Health and Human Services	Donna Shalala	President George W. Bush has also appointed a commission led by former Sen. Bob Dole a Republican and former Health and Human Services Secretary Donna Shalala a Democrat to conduct a broad review on veteran and troop care .
per:title(e2,e1)	congressman	Mike Crapo	Kempthorne's Senate seat would be won by Republican congressman Mike Crapo of Idaho Falls .
org:top_members/employees(e1,e2)	solidaire	Amir Khadir	In the 2008 provincial election Perreault supported solidaire candidate Amir Khadir against PQ incumbent Daniel Turp in Mercier .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	Kiyohara Tamayo	4; Tok	Kiyohara Tamayo was the second daughter of Kiyohara Einosuke manager of the famous Zj-ji temple in Shiba-Shinbori Minato 4; Tok yo Japan .
org:members(e1,e2)	KBO	SK Wyverns	A two-game series between Chinese Professional Baseball League ( CPBL ) champion Brother Elephants and Korean Baseball Organization ( KBO ) title winners SK Wyverns will be held in Taichung from Nov. 4-5 .
org:alternate_names(e2,e1)	Viacom	their	As part of a global strategy Nickelodeon's parent company Viacom decided to rebrand their networks with new imaging globally .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	McGraw-Hill	Micropal	In November 1997 The McGraw-Hill Companies a global publisher purchased Micropal in order to add the firm to its Standard Poor's market information brand .
org:members(e2,e1)	Harrison High School	Harrison	Harrison High School is a four-year comprehensive public high school located in Harrison New Jersey operating as part of the Harrison Public Schools .
org:founded_by(e2,e1)	Isao Takahata	Studio Ghibli	He worked for the animation studio Topcraft where Hayao Miyazaki and Isao Takahata worked immediately before forming Studio Ghibli in 1985 .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Jonathan Glickman	Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer	Jonathan Glickman ( born May 18 1969 ) is an American film producer and the President of Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer Pictures Film Division .
per:country_of_birth(e1,e2)	Martin Kristjansen	Denmark	Martin Kristjansen ( born 12 November 1977 ) is a Danish lightweight boxer from Slagelse Denmark .
org:founded_by(e1,e2)	Parlet	Mallia Franklin	Washington formed the female spin-off band Parlet in 1978 with Wright and Mallia Franklin for their first album Pleasure Principle .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Mel Martinez	Florida	It also employed Brian Darling the former legal counsel to Republican Senator Mel Martinez of Florida ( Darling resigned after admitting he was the author of the Schiavo memo .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	MC Ren	Compton	Villain Entertainment is a record label founded by gangsta rapper MC Ren in MC Ren's hometown of Compton California in 2004 .
per:title(e2,e1)	Prime Minister	Seyni Oumarou	When Prime Minister Seyni Oumarou resigned on 23 September 2009 in order to stand as a candidate in the October 2009 parliamentary election President Mamadou Tandja appointed Abouba to succeed Oumarou in an acting capacity .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Mel Martinez	Florida	Sen. Mel Martinez the Florida Republican who has served as general chairman of the Republican National Committee stepped down Friday after 10 months on the job .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	UWCCR	San	The United World College Costa Rica ( UWCCR ) ( Spanish - Colegio del Mundo Unido Costa Rica ) located in the Santa Ana suburb of San is the 11th United World College and the first to offer instruction in both English and Spanish .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	United Kingdom	Edward VII of the United Kingdom	Honourable Elizabeth Charlotte Knollys ( c. 1835 1930 ) was a Lady of the Bedchamber and the first woman private secretary to Princess Alexandra of Denmark later Queen Alexandra of the United Kingdom consort of Edward VII of the United Kingdom .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Khieu Samphan	Democratic Kampuchea	Khieu Samphan ( born July 27 1931 ) was the president of the state presidium of Democratic Kampuchea ( Cambodia ) from 1976 until 1979 .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Montgomery	Verve	It was Montgomery 's last principal release for Riverside and he subsequently moved to the Verve label .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Kakatiya University	Andhra Pradesh	Kakatiya University is a public university located in Warangal Andhra Pradesh India .
org:alternate_names(e2,e1)	Space Administration	NASA	He said the train was transporting solid rocket fuel for the National Aeronautics and Space Administration ( NASA ) but that there was no spillage .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Chris Squire	Yes	Bassist Chris Squire of Yes is 62 .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Augusto Pinochet	Chile	In 1980 Miguel Kast became Labour Minister under the Military government of Augusto Pinochet and in 1982 he became Governor of the Central Bank of Chile .
per:title(e2,e1)	President	Ranasinghe Premadasa	A Presidential Commission carried out by the Sri Lankan Government concluded that Sri Lankan President Ranasinghe Premadasa was directly responsible for the assassination .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e2,e1)	Quebec	Lucien Bouchard	This helped Mulroney garner substantial support from Quebec nationalists including Lucien Bouchard who joined the Conservatives claiming that providing Quebec with autonomy would be acceptable for Quebec to remain within Canada .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Agriculture	Dan Glickman	In a letter to Agriculture Secretary Dan Glickman the Idaho delegation wrote `` be prepared to intervene with the appropriate emergency assistance for it will become apparent that the effects of this bankruptcy will force large numbers of seed farmers out of business . '' .
org:founded(e1,e2)	Winnipeg Fury	1993	The team played its first season in 1978 in the National Soccer League ( NSL ) later renamed the ( CNSL with the acceptance of the Winnipeg Fury in 1993 .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Burundi	Pierre Nkurunziza	Another grenade was fired at Bujumbura's Gasenyi suburb on Monday night inside the residence of Major General Evariste Ndayishimiye who is the Military Private Secretary of Burundi 's President Pierre Nkurunziza .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	Brian Epstein	Liverpool	Beatles ' manager Brian Epstein nicknamed him Flash Harry in the early 1960s because he was always taking pictures with a flash gun.Mike McCartney's Liverpool Life exhibition Museum of Liverpool Life 2003 .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Vietnam	Ho Chi Minh	Police in Vietnam prevented major anti-Chinese rallies Tuesday with what activists said were scores of detentions ahead of the Ho Chi Minh City leg of the troubled Olympic torch relay.The US - based pro-democracy group Viet Tan said it had confirmed more than a dozen detainees by name in Hanoi while several activists and bloggers claimed scores more had been taken into custody including a group of fishermen .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Salvador Allende	Chile	Dr. Salvador Allende became president of Chile .
per:spouse(e2,e1)	Pierce Brosnan	her	Pierce Brosnan has a son with Cassandra and accepted her 2 children from other marriage .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Nelson	United States	John Nelson ( June 1 1791 January 18 1860 ) was Attorney General of the United States from 1843 to 1845 under John Tyler .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	John Cornyn	Senate Judiciary Committee	Senate Confirms Texas Judge Elrod to Serve On Federal Bench - 10/04/2007WASHINGTON U.S. Sen. John Cornyn a member of the Senate Judiciary Committee made the following remarks on the Senate floor Thursday regarding Judge Jennifer Walker Elrod of Houston and Port Arthur during her Senate confirmation debate to serve on the Fifth Circuit Court of Appeals .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Gale Norton	Interior	Second in rank only to then-Secretary Gale Norton Griles effectively was Interior 's chief operating officer between 2001 and 2005 and its top representative on Vice President Dick Cheney's energy task force .
per:title(e2,e1)	guitarist	Igor Grigoriev	The OGOGO on that album included trombonist Rodney Oakes and guitarist Igor Grigoriev .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Armada	California	The Miners started as one of eight charter teams in the GBL along with the Chico Outlaws Fullerton Flyers Long Beach Armada and San Diego Surf Dawgs in California the Surprise Fightin ' Falcons and Yuma Scorpions in Arizona and a traveling team the Japan Samurai Bears that began play in May 2005 .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Katharine Hepburn	Connecticut	Katharine Hepburn contributed much in her long career in film and theatre not only to Connecticut but throughout the world .
org:city_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Mumbai	Air India	At the warehouse in Mumbai Air India has developed a system of inventory management for cargo handling of import/export functions .
no_relation	Ireland	Heythrop College	He has been a visiting professor at University College Cork in Cork Ireland a professor-in-residence at Heythrop College at the University of London in London England along with a Visiting Assistant Professor at the University of Florida Gainesville Florida .
org:members(e2,e1)	University of Houston	NCAA	The Houston Cougars men's basketball team represents the University of Houston in NCAA Division I men's basketball competition .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Immortal	Abbath Doom Occulta	Immortal is a black metal band from Bergen Norway founded in 1990 by current frontman and guitarist Abbath Doom Occulta ( Olve Eikemo ) and former guitarist Demonaz Doom Occulta ( Harald ) .
per:title(e2,e1)	Justice	Angelino Alfano	Italian police arrested on Sunday top mafia chief Franco Li Bergolis one of the most wanted and dangerous fugitives in the country Justice Minister Angelino Alfano said .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	United States	Benjamin Harrison	California narrowly voted for the Republican challenger former Indiana United States Senate Benjamin Harrison over the Democratic incumbent Grover Cleveland .
no_relation	Hombres G	Spain	Hombres G toured Spain and the Americas in support of 10 .
org:top_members/employees(e2,e1)	Hayao Miyazaki	Studio Ghibli	Ashitaka Eboshi and San find themselves caught up in a search for the Forest God who is believed to be able to bestow great gifts upon mortals . . This was the first film directed by Hayao Miyazaki after Studio Ghibli signed their now-famous distribution deal with Disney and it showed fans that the deal made no difference to the kind of stories that Studio Ghibli would tell .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Syria	Bashar al-Assad	Armenian President Serzh Sargsyan is to visit Syria on March 22-23 at an invitation of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad the official SANA news agency reported Thursday .
per:spouse(e1,e2)	Charles	Margaret of York	For his third wife Charles was offered the hand of Louis XI's daughter Anne ; however the wife he ultimately chose was Margaret of York ( who was his second cousin they both being descended from John of Gaunt ) .
org:city_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Guyana	Cheddi Jagan	Guyana 's international airport Cheddi Jagan International Airport an hour south of Georgetown is a destination for Caribbean Airlines ( the airline formerly known as BWIA or bwee ) Delta Air Lines LIAT META and Travel Span GT .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Kuomintang	Ma Ying-jeou	The Kuomintang Youth League was created in 2006 by former Kuomintang Chairman Ma Ying-jeou ( R ) during his term as chairman to help promote cultural and political awareness among Chinese youths .
no_relation	Taiwan	Evergreen Group	EVA Air and UNI Airways are the first two airlines in Taiwan to get off the mark in anticipation of the launch of regularly scheduled flights between Taiwan and China according to Nei Kuo-wei a spokesman for the Evergreen Group which the two airlines belong to .
org:alternate_names(e2,e1)	Miscellaneous Union	LHMU	He worked as a solicitor for 11 months with Gadens Lawyers then approximately 3 years with Maurice Blackburn Cashman before returning to the Territory in August 2004 to take up a position as Industrial Officer with the Liquor Hospitality and Miscellaneous Union ( LHMU ) .
org:city_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Boston	Liberty	In the late 18th century Boston became known as the Cradle of Liberty for the agitation there that led to the American Revolution and the independence of the United States from Great Britain .
org:alternate_names(e2,e1)	Hilliard	Davidson High School	On November 28 2007 the Chamber Orchestra at Hilliard Davidson High School held a benefit concert for the children of Uganda which are suffering from a twenty year war that has ravaged their country .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	NEMO Equipment	NH	NEMO Equipment Inc. is a Dover NH based company that designs and manufactures outdoor equipment tents and shelters .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Naropa University	Boulder	The depth of insight and concentration reached through students disciplined engagement with contemplative practices alters the landscape of learning and teaching at Naropa University ( Boulder Colorado ) founded by Trungpa Rinpoche in 1974 .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Blair Moody	Michigan	He was administrative aide to U.S. Senator Blair Moody 1952 1954 and assistant Michigan Secretary of State 1955 1957 ; deputy Michigan Secretary of State 1957 1960 ; and Michigan Auditor General 1961-1965 .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	he	Austria	At the end of the war he fled to the British zone of Austria .
per:country_of_birth(e2,e1)	France	Georges Clemenceau	The intense political and judicial scandal that ensued divided French society between those who supported Dreyfus ( now called Dreyfusards ) such as Anatole France Henri and Georges Clemenceau and those who condemned him ( the anti-Dreyfusards ) such as Edouard Drumont the director and publisher of the antisemitic newspaper La Libre Parole .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Honda	Japan	Yasuto Honda ( born 25 June 1969 in Kitakyushu Japan ) is a retired Japanese football player who was capped 27 times and scored 1 goal for the Japan national football team .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Bo	Georgia	In that contest Republican nominee Howard Bo Callaway the first Republican member of the United States House of Representatives elected from Georgia since the close of Reconstruction won a plurality and Maddox finished second .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Bethel College	United States	Bethel College is a Liberal institution located in Mishawaka Indiana United States .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Serjical Strike	Serj Tankian	Viza is currently associated with Serjical Strike Management headed by Serj Tankian from System of a Down .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Walker	Polygram	After the long partnership with HighTone Walker was signed by Polygram to their Verve/Gitanes record label .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	David McComb	Melbourne	In late 2009 a live tribute album entitled Deep in a Dream : An Evening with the Songs of David McComb featuring The Blackeyed Susans and other Melbourne based acts was issued by the filmmakers to help fund the ongoing production of the documentary .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	New Zealand	Waikato Hospital	Anesi who played one test for New Zealand as a replacement against Fiji in 2005 was listed in a stable condition in Hamilton's Waikato Hospital .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Missouri	Kit Bond	' It's outrageous that a member of Congress should call a terror-fighter a liar ' howled Missouri Senator Kit Bond the vice chair of the Senate intelligence committee .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	University of Pittsburgh	Pittsburgh	M.P.H. R.D. Department of Epidemiology University of Pittsburgh Graduate School of Public Health A742 Crabtree Hall 130 DeSoto Street Pittsburgh Pennsylvania 15261 .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Interior	Dirk Kempthorne	Salazar became the 50th Secretary of the Interior succeeding Dirk Kempthorne who praised Salazar's appointment .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	She	Massachusetts	She lives in Stoughton Massachusetts with her husband and five children .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	United Kingdom	MI5	Mutt and Jeff were two Norwegian spies who worked for the United Kingdom and MI5 and were members of the Double Cross System .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	John Ensign	Nevada	Sen. John Ensign of Nevada who chairs the National Republican Senatorial Committee recently chided GOP colleagues who are not up for re-election for not donating from their campaign funds to this year's races .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e2,e1)	Ontario	Shane Sewell	He was trained in his hometown of Peterborough Ontario by fellow Ontarians Sean Morley and Shane Sewell .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	Mel	Orlando	Mel resides in Orlando .
org:top_members/employees(e2,e1)	Boisfeuillet	the Washington Post	Boisfeuillet ( Bo ) Jones Jr. ( ) ( born 1946 ) is Vice Chairman of the Washington Post Company .
per:title(e2,e1)	actor	John Barrymore	He made his first film in 1928 S.O.S. Fletcher co-starred in Warner Brothers ' 1931 film Svengali with legendary actor John Barrymore whose daughter Diana Fletcher would marry a decade later .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	Lennart Meri	Tallinn	Lennart Meri Tallinn Airport is located on the eastern shore of the lake and aircraft regularly take off and land over the lake .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Northeastern University	Boston	in Computer Science ( 1991 ) from Northeastern University ( Boston MA ) and his Ph.D. in Computer Science ( 1997 ) from the University of Pennsylvania ( Philadelphia PA ) .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e2,e1)	Massachusetts	Killer Kowalski	In December 1992 he wrestled as the Dingo Warrior against Hercules Hernandez in Billerica Massachusetts for Killer Kowalski 's International Wrestling Federation .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Simon Property Group	Indiana	Simon Property Group Headquarters is a high rise in Indianapolis Indiana .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Redman	Def Jam	These releases come in a year when the production duo has already had multiple tracks on albums by Redman ( Red Gone Wild Def Jam ) and Xzibit ( Full Circle Koch ) .
per:cities_of_residence(e2,e1)	Alexandria	him	When he felt endangered he left for a hideout in Alexandria until April 1 when Nasser personally contacted him .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Pol Pot	Cambodia	Besides maintenance was difficult as the razed jungle left a scruffy undergrowth that in the tropical climate would grow again yearly to about a man's height.Soizick Crochet Le Cambodge Karthala Paris 1997 ISBN 2-86537-722-9 The K5 Plan was counterproductive for the image of the PRK as a republic bent on reconstructing what the rule of Pol Pot and his Communist Party of Kampuchea had destroyed in Cambodia .
org:founded_by(e2,e1)	Henry Lehman	Lehman Brothers	Henry Lehman who founded Lehman Brothers in Alabama with his brother is a particularly prominent example of such a German-Jewish immigrant .
no_relation	Hans Blix	International Atomic Energy Agency	Weapons inspectors returned on 27 November led by Hans Blix of UNMOVIC and Mohamed ElBaradei of the International Atomic Energy Agency .
org:members(e2,e1)	Parts Labor	Jagjaguwar Records	Stay Afraid is the second full-length album from Parts Labor released in 2006 on Jagjaguwar Records .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Castro	Cuba	After assuming temporary control over the presidency Castro was elected as the new president during a legislative session held at Cuba 's Palace of Conventions in Havana .
org:members(e1,e2)	Big Ten	Northwestern Wildcats	They finished co-champions in the Big Ten Conference with the Northwestern Wildcats and played in the 1997 Rose Bowl against Pac-10 Champion the Arizona State Sun Devils .
per:cities_of_residence(e2,e1)	Philadelphia	John Neagle	Proud of the building Strickland had it included in the background of his 1829 portrait by Philadelphia society painter John Neagle .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Childe Hassam	New York	Childe Hassam Fund Purchase Exhibition from the American Academy of Arts and Letters and Institute of Arts Letters New York .
per:cities_of_residence(e2,e1)	Paris	his	The same year he bought the Lambert on the Saint-Louis in Paris the top floors of which became his Paris residence .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Kuomintang	Ma Ying-jeou	Maintaining the status quo of the Republic of China is the position of the opposition Kuomintang ( KMT ) the party's presidential nominee Ma Ying-jeou said Thursday .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Bethune-Cookman Wildcats	Florida	The Bethune-Cookman Wildcats are the names of the college sports teams at Bethune-Cookman University in Daytona Beach Florida .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Ramphaiphanni	Thailand	Queen Ramphaiphanni stayed at Compton House for a further eight years before she returned to Thailand in 1949 bringing the King's ashes back with her .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	ABC Studios	The Walt Disney Company	The show was produced by Shine France in association with ABC Studios distributed by The Walt Disney Company France and broadcast on D8 .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	Bank	National Bank of Greece	The acquisitions of Stopanska Bank by the National Bank of Greece the OKTA refinery by Hellenic Petroleum and the mobile operator Cosmofon by the Greek Cosmote Group are some of the largest Greek business undertakings in the Republic of Macedonia so far .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Dr. Dre	Aftermath	The album was originally meant to be completely produced by Dr. Dre and released through Aftermath Entertainment .
per:origin(e1,e2)	?	ance of	The only political bloc that campaigned against the draft and advocated public boycott was a group of liberal and social-democrat parties ( ?edomir Jovanovi?'s Liberal Democratic Party Nenad ?anak's League of Vojvodina Social Democrats ?arko Kora?'s Social Democratic Union ? Mi?i?'s Civic Alli ance of Serbia ) and a number of NGOs .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Benjamin Harrison	United States	Benjamin Harrison ( August 20 1833 March 13 1901 ) was the 23rd President of the United States serving one term from 1889 to 1893 .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Guyana	Cheddi Jagan	He has also had the distinction of being a media advisor to three presidents of Guyana : Cheddi Jagan Janet Jagan and the current leader Bharrat Jagdeo .
org:top_members/employees(e1,e2)	Face to Face	Matt Riddle	Face to Face traces its beginnings back to 1988 when singer/guitarist Trever Keith bassist Matt Riddle and drummer Rob Kurth formed a local metal band called Zero Tolerance .
no_relation	Seattle	Brad	Associated Press writers Doug Esser and Donna Blankinship in Seattle Rachel La Corte in Chehalis Brad Cain in Tillamook Oregon and William McCall in Vernonia Oregon contributed to this report .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Thompson	Wisconsin	In 2001 President George W. Bush appointed Thompson to be Secretary of Health and Human Services making McCallum governor of Wisconsin to complete Thompson's final term .
per:title(e2,e1)	Prime Minister	Mohamed Ghannouchi	On January 27 Prime Minister Mohamed Ghannouchi carried out a major reshuffle removing all former RCD members other than himself from the government .
no_relation	Boston and Maine Railroad	Saint Louis Southwestern Railroad	Other purchasers included Boston and Maine Railroad Bangor and Aroostook Railroad Kansas City Southern Railway Seaboard Air Line Railroad Saint Louis Southwestern Railroad and Lehigh Valley Railroad .
no_relation	San Francisco	SFS	Along with the San Francisco Girls Chorus the PBA recorded Gustav Mahler's Symphony No. 3 with the SFS which won the Grammy Award for Best Classical Album in 2004 .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Regina Belle	Pendulum Records	Higher is the ninth studio album by singer-songwriter Regina Belle and was released June 5 2012 on Pendulum Records .
org:founded_by(e1,e2)	Malibu Comics	Dave Olbrich	Malibu Comics was launched in 1986 by Dave Olbrich and Tom Mason ( joined by Chris Ulm in 1987 ) thanks to the financing of Scott Mitchell Rosenberg who was operating a comic book distribution company ( Sunrise Distributors ) at the time .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Larry Craig	Idaho	Embattled Sen. Larry Craig to join Idaho Hall of Fame despite sex sting guilty plea .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Parliament	Bung Mokhtar Radin	Other Members of Parliament such as deputy chair of the Barisan Nasional Backbenchers Club and MP for Kinabatangan Bung Mokhtar Radin argued that BTN still served a useful purpose : I do n't see it as racist .
org:alternate_names(e2,e1)	Shanghai	SJTU	In 1999 Shanghai Agricultural College was merged into SJTU and its campus became Qibao Campus of the university .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	National Institutes of Health	National Institute of Mental Health	In 1957 MacLean went to the National Institutes of Health as the head of a new section on the limbic system in the Laboratory of Neurophysiology National Institute of Mental Health ( NIMH ) .
per:country_of_birth(e1,e2)	Bharat Bhushan	India	Geet Chaturvedi was awarded Bharat Bhushan agrawal award for poetry in 2007 for his poem Mother India .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e2,e1)	Ontario	Bob Delaney	In the 2007 Ontario General Election she ran as the Ontario Progressive Conservative Party candidate in the riding of Mississauga West but was defeated by Liberal candidate Bob Delaney receiving 28 percent of the popular vote .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Lesotho	Pakalitha Mosisili	US Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice and Lesotho Prime Minister Pakalitha Mosisili witnessed the signing of the agreement between officials of the US Millennium Challenge Corporation and the African nation .
org:alternate_names(e2,e1)	Army Air Corps	Air Corps Tactical School	In conjunction with the 1926 redesignation of the Army Air Service as the Army Air Corps the Air Service Tactical School became the Air Corps Tactical School .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Sharif	Pakistan	With Sharif taking office his ascendancy also marked a transition in the political culture of Pakistan a power shift from control by the traditional feudal aristocracy to the growing class of modern and moderate entrepreneurs .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Wilmot	Pennsylvania	Wilmot was elected as a presiding judge of the 13th Judicial District of Pennsylvania in 1851 serving till 1861 and he was instrumental in founding the Republican Party in Pennsylvania .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	England	Henry Irving	Later that year she went to England where she made her London debut on February 1 1895 as leading woman next to Ellen Terry in Sir Henry Irving 's Lyceum Theatre .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Nawaz Sharif	Pakistan	He is the brother of Nawaz Sharif Prime Minister of Pakistan .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	London Buses	Transport for London	The legal identity of London Buses is actually London Bus Services Limited ( LBSL ) a wholly owned subsidiary of Transport for London .
org:alternate_names(e2,e1)	Disney-ABC Television Group	Disney	After Disney XD successfully launched on February 13 2009 in the US the Disney-ABC Television Group re-branded Jetix France to Disney XD on April 1 2009 and it was expected to be rolled out to other European territories in 2009 .
org:alternate_names(e2,e1)	European Aeronautic Defence	EADS	European Aeronautic Defence and Space Company EADS N.V. December 2005 Retrieved : 25 April 2011 In 2009 the United States Air Force Air Mobility Command requested information on the A400M and the company responded with a proposal for 118 A400Ms .
org:top_members/employees(e2,e1)	Tim Schafer	Double Fine Productions	While the bundle continued the tradition of having an associated video to announce the titles in the bundle the video for the fifth bundled included the voicework of Logan Cunningham as the narrator from Bastion and footage of Tim Schafer the president of Double Fine Productions .
per:country_of_birth(e2,e1)	South Vietnam	he	Born in Saigon South Vietnam Trinh moved with his parents to Paris France when he was two years old .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Japan	Fukuda	The Chinese government will as always stick to the policy of friendly relations with Japan Chinese Prime Minister Wen Jiabao said in a congratulatory message to Fukuda .
per:country_of_birth(e1,e2)	Correa	Ecuador	Correa born in Guayaquil Ecuador 's second largest city in April 1963 earned a doctorate from the University of Illinois in the years 1999 to 2001 .
per:country_of_birth(e1,e2)	Hill	Australia	Hill was born in Sydney New South Wales Australia on 4 April 1975 ; his father worked in environmental planning and his mother was a librarian .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	George Michael	Sony	On 17 November 2003 George Michael re-signed with Sony Music after a legal battle with the company led to his contract being sold to rival record companies Virgin Records and DreamWorks Records .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Robert Mugabe	ZANU-PF	The talks had been due to kick off on Tuesday but negotiators for Zimbabwean President Robert Mugabe 's ZANU-PF party and the opposition Movement for Democratic Change only flew out of Harare on Wednesday night .
org:founded(e1,e2)	Cooper Union	1859	The Cooper Union was founded in 1859 by American industrialist Peter Cooper who was a prolific inventor successful entrepreneur and one of America's richest businessmen at the time .
per:origin(e2,e1)	Greek	Constantine Mitsotakis	She is the daughter of former Greek prime minister Constantine Mitsotakis who was in power from 1990-1993 and is known to many Greeks simply as Dora .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Andrei Gromyko	Soviet Union	Minister of Foreign Affairs Andrei Gromyko of the Soviet Union visited Tokyo in January 1972 one month before United States President Nixon's historic visit to China to reopen ministerial-level talks after a six-year lapse .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	he	Venezuela	In 1999 he was appointed music director of the Orquesta the national youth orchestra of Venezuela and toured several countries .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Anthrax	Joey Belladonna	This is the last Anthrax release prior to the band's reunion with Joey Belladonna and Dan Spitz .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Maldives	Maumoon Abdul Gayoom	Maldives President Maumoon Abdul Gayoom has signed and adopted a new constitution that allows multi-party elections and a number of key other democratic reforms .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Baptist Bible College	Missouri	I first saw a copy myself in 1971 as a first-year student at Baptist Bible College Springfield Missouri where I was also introduced -- by students from Ohio -- to Ruckman's Bible Babel and Fuller's Which Bible ?
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Hunter College	New York	The 2004 World Fencing Championships were held at the Hunter College in New York City USA .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	FRETILIN	Alkatiri	Following FRETILIN 's declaration of independence for the Democratic Republic of Timor-Leste on November 28 1975 Alkatiri was sent overseas as part of a high-level diplomatic mission .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Punjab	Amarinder Singh	Punjab Chief Minister Amarinder Singh stepped down after the results .
no_relation	Mexico City	Adolfo Mateos	He represented the Tabasco state government in Mexico City and supported Adolfo Mateos 's successful bid for the presidency campaigning on his behalf .
org:alternate_names(e1,e2)	San Francisco Public Utilities Commission	SFPUC	Because the reservoir in Hetch Hetchy is part of a unitary water-diversion and electric-generating system on the Tuolumne River that includes the much larger downstream reservoir Don Pedro ( partially funded by the San Francisco Public Utilities Commission ) as well as SFPUC 's own Cherry and Eleanor Reservoirs near Hetch Hetchy RHH filed comments in 2011 before the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission ( FERC ) on the 2015 relicensing of Don Pedro Reservoir .
per:title(e2,e1)	Queen	Elizabeth I of England	The play tells the story of two rival monarchs who never met : Scotland's Mary Queen of Scots and her cousin Queen Elizabeth I of England .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	India	Bharat Petroleum	Manmad houses the largest grain storage warehouses in Asia administerd by Food Corporation of India and also the offices of petroleum companies like Bharat Petroleum Hindustan Petroleum and Indian Oil .
org:alternate_names(e1,e2)	Vardhaman Mahaveer Open University	Kota	Vardhaman Mahaveer Open University ( is an open university in Kota Rajasthan India established on July 23 1987 and was initially known as Kota Open University .
org:members(e1,e2)	University of South Dakota	University of South Dakota School of Law	Born in Huron South Dakota Viken earned a bachelor's degree from the University of South Dakota in May 1974 and a law degree from the University of South Dakota School of Law in May 1977 .
org:founded_by(e2,e1)	Phyllis Schlafly	Eagle Forum	Phyllis Schlafly the founder of Eagle Forum and a leader in the social conservative movement since 1972 said : If the Republican Party kicks away the religious conservatives then they 're entitled to be called the stupid party .
org:alternate_names(e1,e2)	Patna Science College	Patna University	at the age of twelve from Patna Science College ( Patna University ) .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Kiuas	Finland	Kiuas is a heavy metal band from Espoo Finland .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	His	Singapore	His work was chosen by China's Ministry of Culture in Singapore for the Olympic Games in 2008 .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	The Angels	Caprice	Til became their first single under their new name The Angels and also their first hit ( # 14 US ) released by Granahan's Caprice label in 1961 .
per:country_of_birth(e1,e2)	Carter	Canada	Carter was born in Port Hilford Nova Scotia Canada .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Karad?i	of Republika Srps	Karad?i ? the former President of Republika Srps ka is currently on trial for the massacre and other crimes against humanity committed in Bijelina amongst other areas and for the genocide at Srebrenica .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Heinrich	Germany	Such figures include the procession of international dignitaries attending the year celebration held by Shah as well as individual visits by such figures as Heinrich of Germany and Ralph Graves of LIFE magazine .
per:origin(e1,e2)	Mihailo Petrovi?	 Serbia	Mihailo Petrovi? ? Serbia n Cyrillic : Mao epo? ; born October 18 1957 ) is a Serbian football coach and former football player .
org:alternate_names(e1,e2)	Southwestern Bell	simply	As a result officially Southwestern Bell Telephone L.P. is now joined with the titles : The collective d/b/a name is now simply Southwest .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Japan	Yukihiro	The deal invites an oligopoly which would infringe anti-trust laws so we are considering asking the ( Japan ) Fair Trade Commission ( FTC ) for an investigation said JISF official Yukihiro Murakami .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Afghanistan	Gulbuddin Hekmatyar	Eight years after the Sept. 11 attacks led to the U.S.-led ouster of the Taliban regime U.S.-led coalition forces are fighting in the wild east of Afghanistan bordering Pakistan where Taliban and al-Qaida-linked fighters and supporters of renegade warlord Gulbuddin Hekmatyar are proving a stubborn foe .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Him Kerosene	Telegram	After releasing the EP Caper on Birdnest Records and playing at several festivals during 1996 Him Kerosene got a new record deal with Telegram Records .
per:title(e1,e2)	Cesare Previti	Minister	Forza Italia party coordinator Cesare Previti who is also defense minister on Monday proposed Treasury Minister Lamberto Dini as a possible candidate for prime minister of what he called an electoral government meaning one charged with organizing early elections .
org:city_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	New York City	Morris High School	In 2002 as part of an overall restructuring and downsizing of New York City 's high schools Morris High School was closed and the building renamed the Morris Campus .
org:founded(e1,e2)	University of Bologna	1088	Home to the oldest university in the world University of Bologna founded in 1088 Bologna hosts thousands of students who enrich the social and cultural life of the city .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Iceland	Geir Haarde	Iceland 's economic recovery from the current financial crisis will take years Prime Minister Geir Haarde told journalists on Wednesday as the country's economy threatened to collapse .
no_relation	Bromsgrove School	Worcestershire	David Haslam was born in Derby and educated at Ashe Preparatory School Etwall and from 1936 at Bromsgrove School Worcestershire ( from 1939 the school was evacuated to Llanwrtyd Wells in Wales ) .
per:title(e1,e2)	Usher	songwriter	Usher Raymond IV ( born October 14 1978 ) is an American singer songwriter dancer and actor .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Foxcroft Academy	Dover-Foxcroft	Foxcroft Academy located in Dover-Foxcroft Maine was established as a private college preparatory school on January 30 1823 .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Abubakar	Nigeria	THE NEO-COLONIAL POLICY OF RIDDING THE COUNTRY OF ALL OPPOSITION : The retention of Decree No. 2 of 1984 by General Abubakar 's regime showed his willingness to continue the tradition of past ( military ) regimes in Nigeria which used the obnoxious legislative piece to silence suppress exile and get rid of their opposition .
per:title(e2,e1)	singer	A. R. Rahman	The song has National Award winning singer Shreya Ghoshal along with A. R. Rahman himself singing .
no_relation	Ben Affleck	Jennifer Garner	The guest list for the dinner includes plenty of VIPs from outside the Beltway : Actors Ben Affleck Jennifer Garner John Cusack Pamela Anderson and Claire Danes singer Ashlee Simpson and author Salman Rushdie are among the invitees .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Pakistan	Nawaz Sharif	Noted author Shuja Nawaz ( brother of former Pakistan army chief Asif Nawaz ) wrote in his prize winning book that Musharraf intentionally created the impression that Ziauddin and Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif had family connections when in reality there was no such truth .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Thaksin	Thailand	After the coup Thaksin 59 and Pojaman 51 returned to Thailand in February 2008 but fled back to Britain in August after Pojaman and her brother were sentenced to three years in jail for tax evasion .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	Owen	Chicago	Their reaction time is speedier than being put on hold said Sydney Owen 24 a public relations intern from Chicago who recently tweeted about a Southwest boarding pass she had misplaced and received a nearly immediate response from the airline .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Osaka	Osaka University	A native of Sakai Osaka and graduate of Osaka University he was elected for the first time in 2007 .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	1st Rhode Island Regiment	Rhode Island	Portsmouth was the site of the first African-American military unit the 1st Rhode Island Regiment to fight for the U.S. in the Battle of Rhode Island of August 29 1778 .
per:title(e2,e1)	Archbishop	Juan Sinforiano	The collection of sacred art started with the personal collection of the first Paraguayan Archbishop Juan Sinforiano .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Department	New Zealand	In 2004 the Department acknowledged the prison falls well-short of the basic requirements for a modern corrections facility ; a New Zealand Herald editorial described it as an antiquated pile beyond redemption as a suitable place to incarcerate humans .
no_relation	Damon Johnson	Alice Cooper	Seven Williams Wally Brandt were once members of Atlantic Records Recording Artist Seven and the Sun while Damon Johnson was once the frontman of the Southern rock band Brother Cane and a guitarist for shock rocker Alice Cooper .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	State	Robert Zoellick	United States Deputy Secretary of State Robert Zoellick stated in May 2006 that we recognise that she is a very courageous and impressive woman and she is welcome in the US .
org:members(e1,e2)	Infantry	Fort Benning	Dhanoolal was assigned to the 2nd Battalion 69th Armor Regiment 3rd Brigade Combat Team 3rd Infantry Division at Fort Benning in west Georgia .
per:origin(e1,e2)	Loni Ackerman	American	Loni Ackerman ( born April 10 1949 ) is an American Broadway musical theatre performer and cabaret singer .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Alphonso Jackson	Housing and Urban Development	Joe Allbaugh FEMA Director - resigned March 2003 Donald Evans Secretary of Commerce - resigned November 2004 Rod Paige Secretary of Education - resigned November 2004 Andrew Card Chief of Staff - resigned March 2006 Harriet Miers White House Counsel - resigned January 2007 Karl Rove Chief Advisor - resigned August 2007 Alberto Gonzales Attorney General - resigned September 2007 Karen Hughes Undersecretary for Public Diplomacy and Affairs - resigned October 2007 Alphonso Jackson Secretary of Housing and Urban Development - still there .
per:title(e2,e1)	Queen	Cleopatra VII	After Antony and his lover the Ptolemaic Greek Queen Cleopatra VII of Egypt were defeated by Octavian at Actium ( September 2 31 BC ) they sailed back to North Africa .
per:origin(e1,e2)	Ellsworth Kelly	American	Things to Cover Walls : Ellsworth Kelly Paris Paintings and the tradition of Mural Decoration American Art Vol .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	Joseph Howe	Halifax	In Spring 1861 she carried Joseph Howe ( the Provincial Secretary at the time ) to the mouth of the Tangier River in Halifax County Nova Scotia .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Vee-Jay	John Lee Hooker	During the 1950s and early 1960s Vee-Jay became a major independent record label with acts including Jimmy Reed John Lee Hooker Gene Chandler Jerry Butler The Four Seasons and for a time The Beatles .
per:title(e1,e2)	Toquinho	singer	Pecci Filho ( born July 6 1946 in Paulo Brazil ) better known as Toquinho ( ) is a Brazilian singer and guitarist .
org:members(e1,e2)	Group of Eight	University of Adelaide	Other notable universities include those of the Group of Eight leading tertiary institutions including the University of Adelaide ( which boasts an association with five Nobel Laureates ) the Australian National University located in the national capital of Canberra Monash University and the University of New South Wales .
org:members(e2,e1)	Motorola	NYSE	Motorola Inc. ( NYSE : MOT ) launched the evolution of the RAZR brand as it unveiled RAZR2 the ultimate iconic feature phone .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	McMaster University	Hamilton	In 1959 she graduated from McMaster University in Hamilton Ontario with Honours Bachelor of Arts degree in English .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	atlantic	Ochs	Released on atlantic Records it compiled tracks Ochs had recorded for both that label and Elektra Records .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Rod Paige	Education	On the same day Secretary of Education Rod Paige announced he would only consider unanimous recommendations whose effect on the Department of Education was to : Because Title IX only addresses public and private schools that receive federal funding several states have enacted similar laws to prohibit discrimination based on sex regardless of whether the school receives federal funding .
org:founded_by(e2,e1)	Louise Hay	Hay House	In 1984 Louise Hay established Hay House Publishing Firm .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Mwai Kibaki	Kenya	Mwai Kibaki president and commander-in-chief of the armed forces of Kenya will pay a state visit to China from April 29 to May 3 at the invitation of Chinese President Hu Jintao .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Italy	Pininfarina	Three cars sold for more than a million dollars each at the premier US car auctions with a one-of-a-kind 1963 Chevrolet Corvette from Italy 's Pininfarina pulling in 1.6 million dollars the auctioneer said Sunday .
per:country_of_birth(e1,e2)	her	France	Davalos spent most of her childhood in France and Italy before settling in New York .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Lee Myung-bak	South Korea	Lee Myung-bak won South Korea 's presidential election Wednesday by a landslide according to exit polls as voters overlooked fraud allegations in hope the former Hyundai CEO will revive the economy .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Indonesia	Bumi Resources	CIC agreed Wednesday to a 1.9-billion-dollar investment in Indonesia 's PT Bumi Resources Tbk the country's largest producer of thermal coal .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Nigeria	Abubakar Tafawa Balewa	That is the situation of Nigeria where the New Dawn that was the title of Late Prime Minister Alhaji Abubakar Tafawa Balewa 's independence speech has remained elusive .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Singapore	Lee Hsien Loong	Singapore President S R Nathan and Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong on Tuesday wrote condolence messages to Cambodia on the stampede tragedy .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	McEwen	Australia	McMahon as Treasurer had resisted McEwen 's support for high levels of protection for manufacturing.Brian Carroll ; From Barton to Fraser ; Cassell Australia ; 1978 Defence and Australia's commitment to the Vietnam War was a prominent issue during the term of the Gorton Government ; funding for the arts was expanded rates of pay were standardised between the men and women and the mining industry grew during the period .
no_relation	HM	United States	Today some kind of court action is usually required the main exception being certain tax authorities such as HM Revenue and Customs in the United Kingdom and in the United States the Internal Revenue Service -- agencies that retain the legal power to levy assets ( by either seizure or distraint ) without a court order .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Oregon	Hardy Myers	Oregon : Hardy Myers ( D ) (503) 378-4732 Justice Bldg. 1162 Court St. NE Salem OR 97301 http://www.doj.state.or.us .
org:founded_by(e2,e1)	Baker	FlightAware	Baker started FlightAware in 2004 with no outside investments and the business produced over a million dollars of revenue in the first 18 months .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Punjab	Amarinder Singh	Punjab Chief Minister Amarinder Singh is under siege .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Interior	Harold L. Ickes	At the height of the Great Depression Interior Secretary Harold L. Ickes proposed to create a 4.5 - million-acre national park stretching from the outskirts of Moab all the way south to the San Juan River and west to the Escalante River .
per:country_of_birth(e2,e1)	Gabon	Omar Bongo	Investigators are looking at the assets in France of Gabon 's President Omar Bongo Sassou-Nguesso Burkina Faso President Blaise Compaore President Teodoro Obiang Ngeuma of Equatorial Guinea and Angolan President Jose Eduardo dos Santos .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Guido Vildoso	Bolivia	This junta was dissolved with Guido Vildoso becoming de facto President of Bolivia until October 10 1982 .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Donald Regan	Treasury	In 1981 Donald Regan Ronald Reagan's Treasury Secretary advocated and got more rapid monetary growth .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Ed Derwinski	Illinois	I am one member who is delighted to have him as our guest Jolly said recalling how back in the day in the '70s and '80s GOP Reps. Ed Derwinski of Illinois and Steve Symms of Idaho were frequent Democratic Club interlopers .
no_relation	Unilever	India	In 1931 Unilever set up its first Indian subsidiary Hindustan Vanaspati Manufacturing Company followed by Lever Brothers India Limited ( 1933 ) and United Traders Limited ( 1935 ) .
per:title(e2,e1)	Actress	Gena Lee Nolin	Actress Gena Lee Nolin is 37 .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	He	Democratic Party	He served as an MP of the Democratic Party in the parliament and later on as vice-speaker .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Pink Floyd	Nick Mason	He was also one of the performers on the Syd Barrett Tribute at the Barbican in London performing with Roger Waters the members of Pink Floyd ( billed as Rick Wright David Gilmour and Nick Mason ) and Captain Sensible .
per:cities_of_residence(e2,e1)	Chatham	Lemuel John Tweedie	He was born in Chatham New Brunswick the son of Lemuel John Tweedie and Agnes Loudoun .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Brian Larsen	Protocol Records	Building is the tenth studio album by American recording artist Brian Larsen released on April 17 2012 by Protocol Records .
org:top_members/employees(e2,e1)	Huang Guangyu	GOME Electrical Appliances	Huang Guangyu of China's household electronics giant GOME Electrical Appliances fell to fourth .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	Albemarle High School	Albemarle County	Located in Charlottesville Virginia it is one of the two middle schools that feeds into Monticello High School and Albemarle High School and is part of the Albemarle County school systems.In June 1967 Burley ceased being an all black high school for city and county students .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Democratic Party	Albert Ho	I fear it meant Tsang should try his best to introduce Beijing's most unpopular policies Democratic Party lawmaker Albert Ho told the South China Morning Post newspaper .
per:country_of_birth(e1,e2)	Ong Teng Cheong	Singapore	Ong Teng Cheong ( ; 22 January 1936 - 8 February 2002 ) was the fifth President of Singapore but the first directly elected one .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Villanova Preparatory School	Ojai	The auditorium at Villanova Preparatory School in Ojai California was named in honor of Judge Clark as a distinguished alumnus and in recognition of his gifts to the school .
per:country_of_birth(e1,e2)	Lani Misalucha	Philippines	Lani Misalucha ( born August 3 1969 in Manila Philippines ) is a singer from the Philippines currently performing in the United States where she also resides .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Hans Blix	International Atomic Energy Agency	The latter included UN officials such as Secretary General Kofi Annan Chief UN weapons inspector Hans Blix International Atomic Energy Agency Director Mohammed El Baradei and Pope John Paul II ( who was lobbying African and Latin American Security Council members against the U.S. Security Council war resolution ) .
per:cities_of_residence(e2,e1)	Sabinal	his	Growing up in Sabinal Rodriguez was a good student in school and an altar boy for his church .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	SingTel	Optus	It will be Australia's largest corporate takeover since Singapore Telecommunications or SingTel bought rival Optus in 2001 for about A$ 14 billion .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Thomas Sankara	Burkina Faso	Thomas Sankara : The Upright Man is a fascinating profile of the political leader who in 1984 renamed Upper Volta ( he called it Burkina Faso ) and remade the country's self-esteem .
org:top_members/employees(e1,e2)	Vogue	Anna Wintour	No aspect of fashion escapes the sharp eye of Vogue queen Anna Wintour including David Letterman's socks .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	Stony Brook University	State University of New York at	The Stony Brook University Research and Development Park is a research and development park located in Stony Brook NY owned by the State University of New York at Stony Brook which acquired the land through eminent domain in 2005 .
org:top_members/employees(e1,e2)	Google	Larry Page	Alan Steremberg Weather Underground's president also worked on the early development of Google 's search engine with Larry Page and Sergey Brin .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Manuel Belgrano	Argentina	He was also the sculptor of the 1872 Equestrian monument to General Manuel Belgrano in Buenos Aires Argentina and designed the tomb of the assassinated Guatemalan president Reina Barrios .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Bowling Green Falcons	Ohio	The Bowling Green Falcons men's basketball team is the basketball team that represent Bowling Green State University in Bowling Green Ohio .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Pol Pot	Cambodia	Following the election the newly-elected Assembly convened on 11 April electing a new administration with General Secretary Pol Pot as Prime Minister and his interim predecessor Khieu Samphan as President of the State Presidium ousting Prince of Cambodia Norodom Sihanouk .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	8th Fighter Wing	Korea	Being the closest USAF base to the Korean Peninsula the 8th Fighter Wing at Itazuke initially provided air cover for the evacuation of Americans from Korea on June 26 the day after the invasion .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Puch	Graz	Pepo Puch ( born 10 January 1966 in Graz ) is a Paralympic equestrian of Austria .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Ecuador	Rafael Correa	PAIS Alliance is a socialist political movement in Ecuador led by the incumbent President of Ecuador Rafael Correa .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Kallio	Finland	Kallio 's third cabinet was the 17th government of Republic of Finland .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Arriva North West and Wales	Wales	Arriva North West and Wales was a division of Arriva that operated bus services around North West England and Wales .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Agnes Scott College	Georgia	Holley is currently installing sculptural work for the upcoming exhibit ; '' Groundstory : Tales from the shade of the South at Agnes Scott College of Decatur Georgia .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Vivendi Games	Sierra Entertainment	Vivendi Games formerly known as Vivendi Universal Games was the holdings company for Sierra Entertainment and Blizzard Entertainment .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	he	NCAA	Afterwards he was voted the Most Popular NCAA High School Player in the nationwide contest sponsored by the defunct Philippines Herald .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Audrey	DC	In 1956 he married Audrey Chew ( 1915 1996 ) who was from Washington DC .
no_relation	Ellen Allien	Apparat	Ellen Allien and Apparat 's 2006 song Metric ( from the Orchestra of Bubbles album ) Modeselektor's Godspeed ( from the 2007's Happy Birthday !
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Tyrone Guthrie	Ireland	Guthrie also collaborated with Olsen on an experimental animation called The Nature of the Creative Process which was featured at Now.Guthrie has been an artist-in-residence places such as Kloster ( Denmark ) The Tyrone Guthrie Centre ( Ireland ) New Pacific Studio ( New Zealand ) and the Blue Mountain Center ( Blue Mountain NY ) and The Vermont Studio Center .
org:members(e1,e2)	NCAA	WVU	West Virginia most recently reached the Final Four of the 2010 NCAA Men's Division I Basketball Tournament led by West Virginia coach and former WVU player Bob Huggins .
org:alternate_names(e2,e1)	Grace	Presbyterian Church	The Grace Presbyterian Church describes itself as Presbyterian in government Reformed in theology and Evangelical in spirit .
org:founded_by(e1,e2)	Pale Saints	Ian Masters	Pale Saints were a British alternative rock band formed in 1987 by Ian Masters ( bass/vocals ) Graeme Naysmith ( guitar ) and Chris Cooper ( drums ) in Leeds England.Strong Martin C. ( 2003 ) The Great Indie Discography Canongate ISBN 1-84195-335-0 p. 907-908 The group began as a jangly indie pop band influenced by Primal Scream's early sound .
no_relation	Hank Azaria	Oscars	Berry and Hunt split with their respective partners Eric Benet and Hank Azaria less than two years after collecting Oscars .
no_relation	Alison Redford	Leader	Also at the 2012 Calgary Stampede Alberta's rival conservative leaders Alberta PC Premier Alison Redford and Wildrose Opposition Leader both attended Prime Minister Harper's barbue party as did other Canadian conservative legislators included federal and provincial cabinet ministers .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Woodbridge School	Suffolk	Woodbridge School is an independent school in Woodbridge Suffolk England founded in 1577 for the poor of Woodbridge .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Joe	Washington	During a visit to Georgia last year US Vice President Joe Biden said Washington continued to back Georgia's territorial integrity and its bid to join NATO but called for progress on democratic reforms .
no_relation	his	United States	Some of his recent albums such as Renaissance have returned to his older style and achieved success in Europe but only modest notice in the United States .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Shawlands Academy	Glasgow	Archibald Ashmore ( Archie ) McKellar was born in Paisley Renfrewshire Scotland on the 10 April 1912 the son of John and Margaret McKellar of Bearsden Dunbartonshire and was then educated at Shawlands Academy in the Southside of Glasgow .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Sweden	Carola	This year also marked the first performance of Sweden 's Carola who took the third place and went on to win the contest in 1991 and represented her country again in 2006 ( coming fifth ) .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	SIS	United Kingdom	Gambier-Parry led the Communications Section ( Section VIII ) of the SIS during World War II and assembled a clandestine wireless network that connected the United Kingdom with SIS agents in many countries .
org:founded_by(e1,e2)	Alliance Boots	Boots	The company is a subsidiary of Alliance Boots a parent company formed on 31 July 2006 by the merger of The Boots Company plc and Alliance UniChem plc .
per:spouse(e1,e2)	Mary I of England	Philip II of Spain	By the 1550s England was ruled by Mary I of England and her husband Philip II of Spain .
per:cities_of_residence(e2,e1)	Chinsali	Kenneth Kaunda	With help from his father ( who went to school at Lubwa Mission in Chinsali in Northern Rhodesia with the likes of Kenneth Kaunda ( President of Zambia 1964 - 1991 ) Simon Kapwepwe ( Vice President 1967 1970 ) and Wesley Nyirenda and others and who lobbied the Ministry of Education at Ridgeway in Lusaka on his behalf ) he was awarded a Zambian Government scholarship to study at Uganda's Makerere University in Kampala where he graduated in 1971 with a Bachelor of Arts degree .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	three	Shinji Orito	Key Net Radio was hosted by three people : Shinji Orito a signature musical composer and co-founder of Key ; Itaru Hinoue a signature art director character designer and co-founder of Key ; and another woman named Chiro from the visual novel studio Pekoe also under Visual Art's .
no_relation	FC Utrecht	Sparta	FC Utrecht 2 Sparta Rotterdam 0 .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Evo Morales	Bolivia	President Evo Morales and autonomy-seeking opposition governors on Thursday decided to postpone their talks aimed at defusing Bolivia 's violent political crisis until Monday officials said Thursday .
no_relation	Ben Hur	his	Heston 84 -- best remembered for his Oscar-winning performance in the 1959 epic Ben Hur and his iconic turn as Moses in the epic film The Ten Commandments -- died at his home Saturday according to relatives .
per:alternate_names(e2,e1)	Derek Johnson	Pro	Derek Johnson Jr. better known by his stage name Derek Minor and former stage name Pro is an American Christian hip hop artist record producer entrepreneur actor and screenwriter .
no_relation	Perry Como	RCA Victor	It's Impossible was Perry Como 's 19th RCA Victor 12 long-play album the 17th recorded in full living stereophonic sound .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Jackson	United States	Jackson 's second memoir Starting Over was released in the United States on June 21 2011 through Gallery Books an imprint of Simon Schuster .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	France	m	Dissatisfied with the teaching Saltza traveled abroad with his friend Karl and continued his studies at the Royal Academy in Brussels Belgium and under private teachers in Paris France including m .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Ella Fitzgerald	Verve	It has been recorded by many other artists including Margaret Whiting in 1947 Dick Haymes the Les Paul Trio in 1947 Ella Fitzgerald in 1960 for her Verve release Ella Wishes You a Swinging Christmas Ramsey Lewis in 1961 King Curtis in 1968 Johnny Mathis in 1969 The Carpenters in 1984 Patti LaBelle in 1990 The Stylistics in 1992 Harry Connick Jr. in 1993 Donny Osmond in 1999 Barbra Streisand in 2001 Barry Manilow in 2002 and Diana Krall in 2005 .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Rolling Stones	Bill Wyman	There were several opening acts rotating across the stage mainly hosted by former Rolling Stones bassist Bill Wyman .
per:spouse(e1,e2)	Chulalongkorn	Saovabha	Somdet Chaofa Prajadhipok Sakdidej was born on 8 November 1893 in Bangkok Siam ( now Thailand ) to King Chulalongkorn and Queen Saovabha Bongsri .
org:founded_by(e2,e1)	Ted Turner	Turner Broadcasting System	Around that time American media mogul Ted Turner ( owner and founder of the Turner Broadcasting System subsidiary of Time Warner ) appeared to be going to buy Gusinsky's share but this has never happened .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Yae	Japan	In Goemon Great Adventure Yae encounters the others on Ryugu Island where she tells them that there is a great deal of supernatural activity going on around Japan .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Videla	Chile	In 1945 Videla was elected senator for the provinces of and Antofagasta and represented Chile at the United Nations conference in San Francisco .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Ruthless	Eazy-E	The album was released in 1989 for Ruthless Records and was produced by Laylaw Dr. Dre and DJ Yella ( both of N.W.A ) and executive produced by Eazy-E ( also a member of N.W.A ) .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	Xetra	Deutsche	From 2003 he ran the Xetra division of Deutsche AG and served as Chairman of the Management Board of the Frankfurt Stock Exchange .
org:top_members/employees(e2,e1)	Kroenke	Colorado Rapids	Kroenke also owns the Colorado Rapids the Denver Nuggets and the Colorado Avalanche .
no_relation	winner	Ontario	The winner was Dominic Agostino of the Ontario Liberal Party .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	its	Dallas	During World War II the airline leased a portion of its fleet to the United States military and its facilities at Dallas Love Field and throughout the country became training sites for pilots and mechanics .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	Her	San Diego	Her plan as it took shape involved ditching her former home in San Diego for an apartment in Hollywood securing representation and eventually getting a deal to record an album .
per:title(e2,e1)	Prime Minister	Feleti Sevele	The service was attended by Tonga's Princess Regent and Crown Prince Prime Minister Feleti Sevele and other government ministers Defence Service staff and the family of a missing Japanese national .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Electrolux	Stockholm	Shares in Electrolux fell by 2.5 percent to 68.25 kronor ( US$ 11.40 ) in Stockholm .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Sharif	Pakistan	We are boycotting these elections Sharif told reporters in the eastern city of Lahore after a meeting of the All Parties Democratic Movement which groups Sharif's Pakistan Muslim League-Nawaz and other parties .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Dmitry Sanakoyev	Provisional Administrative Entity	On 3 July Ossetian militia attacked a convoy in an attempt to assassinate Dmitry Sanakoyev chairman of the Georgian-backed Ossetian government ( the Provisional Administrative Entity of South Ossetia ) .
no_relation	Henry III of England	John	However this creation was not recognized by the King Henry III of England although John Hastings is sometimes referred to as the second Baron Hastings .
org:members(e2,e1)	Rede 21	Grupo Bandeirantes de	It was inaugurated on June 5 2006 replacing Rede 21 in partnership with Grupo Bandeirantes de .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Bradfield College	Bradfield	Bradfield College is a British co-educational public school located in the small village of Bradfield in the English county of Berkshire .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Tuck School of Business	New Hampshire	Andrew B. Bernard is an American economist currently the Jack Byrne Professor of International Economics at the Tuck School of Business at Dartmouth College in Hanover New Hampshire United States .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Kuomintang	Ma Ying-jeou	Former Kuomintang ( KMT ) party chairman Ma Ying-jeou and Frank Hsieh nominee of the Democratic Progressive Party ( DPP ) in the 2008 election registered as candidates for Taiwan's leadership election on Sunday local media reported .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	University of Aberdeen	Scotland	The University of Aberdeen investigators in Scotland found arsenic levels ranging from 0.06 to 0.16 milligrams per kilo in the samples of baby rice with an average of 11 mg/kilo per sample .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	BankDirect	ASB	BankDirect is a division of the Australian owned ASB bank providing internet and phone based banking in New Zealand .
no_relation	Hardy	Shane Douglas	Hardy also faced a young Shane Douglas at the Onondaga War Memorial in Syracuse New York on December 23 1990 .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Wang Lei	China	Wang Lei ( ; born 1986 ) is a professional basketball player from the People's Republic of China .
org:founded_by(e1,e2)	Meccano	Frank Hornby	Meccano was invented in 1901 in England by Frank Hornby and manufactured by the British company Meccano Ltd between 1908 and 1980 .
org:founded_by(e2,e1)	Lawrence Sheriff	Rugby School	Lawrence Sheriff ( or Sheriffe ) ( c. 1510-1567 ) was an Elizabethan gentleman and grocer to Elizabeth I who endowed Rugby School .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	F-Beat	Elvis Costello	In 1979 Lauder and Jake Riviera opened F-Beat Records and several acts notably Elvis Costello and the Attractions and Nick Lowe transferred from Radar Records .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	Sega Racing Studio	Sega	Sega Racing Studio ( also known as Sega Driving Studio ) was a computer and video game developer established in 2005 ( based in Solihull England ) for the sole purpose of developing AAA Sega racing titles .
org:alternate_names(e2,e1)	VTC	Vietnam Television	From July 2003 the company moved from VTC Vietnam Television under the Ministry of Post and Telematics - Telecommunications under the Decision No. 129/2003/QD - TTg June 26 2003 by the Prime Minister about the change new rearrangement of State enterprises .
per:title(e1,e2)	Patrea Smallacombe	writer	Patrea Smallacombe ( born 1961 Adelaide Australia ) is a prolific Australian writer and series script editor who contributed to numerous soap operas in her native Australia including The Young Doctors Prisoner Neighbours and A Country Practice before moving to the United Kingdom in 1987 .
per:alternate_names(e1,e2)	Prince Mikasa	Tomohito	HIH Prince Mikasa Tomohito ( b. 1946 ) son of Prince Mikasa 7 .
per:country_of_birth(e1,e2)	Henri Salvador	France	-- Henri Salvador 90 the French musician credited with inspiring the bossa nova bringing rock 'n' roll to France and helping create the music video of aneurysm in Paris .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Kallio	Finland	Kallio ( April 10 1873 December 19 1940 ) was the fourth President of Finland ( 1937 1940 ) .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Colorado	University of Northern Colorado	If it reaches Colorado insect populations will multiply unchecked said Rick Adams a biologist at the University of Northern Colorado and a bat expert who will host international discussions on the problem this month in Denver .
per:spouse(e1,e2)	Sandhu	Kamal	Sandhu who grew up in a farming family left his native India for Canada at the age of 18 in 1979 settling in the Vancouver area after marrying Kamal Sandhu .
no_relation	Stars and Stripes	Stripes	In 2009 Stars and Stripes launched the blog Stripes Central from the Washington DC bureau .
org:founded(e2,e1)	1988	Mr. Big	In 1988 Martin would team up with Billy Sheehan Pat Torpey and Paul Gilbert to form Mr. Big one of the few much-vaunted supergroups to actually combine chart success with longevity .
no_relation	Mercedes-Benz	China	Daimler AG's Mercedes-Benz and BMW AG on Friday reported annual sales growth of well over 10 percent with both automakers ' deliveries in China soaring .
org:top_members/employees(e1,e2)	Six Apart	Mena Trott	Six Apart 's Board of Directors consists of Barak Berkowitz Mena Trott David Marquardt David Hornik Reid Hoffman and Jun Makihara .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Thomson Reuters	New York	Thomson Reuters whose headquarters are in New York has around staff in 93 countries across the world .
per:title(e2,e1)	Executive Council	W. T. Cosgrave	The first commissioners appointed by the then President of the Executive Council W. T. Cosgrave were Charles J. Flynn William Denis Carey and William T. O'Brien as chairman .
org:members(e2,e1)	Cincinnati Red Stockings	American Association	He played most of his major league career with the Cincinnati Red Stockings of the American Association and later National League after they became the Cincinnati Reds .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Mississippi	Henry S. Foote	In Mississippi Governor John Quitman and Jefferson Davis led the Southern rights group while Senator Henry S. Foote who had lost status in the state over his support for the compromise was the most visible face of the Union Party .
org:founded_by(e1,e2)	TV3	de Catalunya	TV3 is de Catalunya 's first and main channel .
per:title(e1,e2)	Steven Alfred Hill	author	Steven Alfred Hill is an American reality television personality model guest speaker author and occasional actor .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Australia	City Tattersalls Club	In 1930 Amy Johnson spent six weeks touring Australia after her circumnavigation of the world at public events attended by cheering crowds at the City Tattersalls Club by posing on the Club front balcony at Pitt Street .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Los Angeles County	Michael Wilson	It comes down to simple math : Los Angeles County 's three public hospitals ordered vaccine doses but have received about according to county health services spokesman Michael Wilson .
per:country_of_birth(e1,e2)	Darko Dimitrov	Macedonia	Darko Dimitrov ( ; born January 21 1973 in Skopje SFR Yugoslavia ( present-day Republic of Macedonia ) ) is a Macedonian record producer songwriter arranger and record executive .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Mexico	Frida Kahlo	KAHLO-EXHIBIT ( Mexico City ) -- Mexican painter Frida Kahlo spun her own life into a myth .
per:cities_of_residence(e2,e1)	Detroit	Tamia	In Detroit Michigan he was introduced to Tamia by singer Anita Baker .
no_relation	Ariana Afghan Airlines	Afghanistan	Ariana Afghan Airlines Flight 202 a Douglas DC-4 registration YA-BAG was an international scheduled flight from Lebanon bound for Afghanistan with scheduled stops in Mehrabad Airport Iran and Kandahar International Airport Afghanistan .
no_relation	Fox Sports Net	Fox Soccer Channel	Cable : Fox Business Channel Fox Movie Channel Fox News Channel Fox College Sports Fox Regional Sports Networks ( 16 owned and operated ) Fox Sports En Espanol Fox Sports Net Fox Soccer Channel Fox Reality Premier Media Group ( Australia 50 % ) Premium Movie Partnership ( Australia 20 % ) Cine Canal ( Latin America 23 % ) Telecine ( Latin America 13 % ) FUEL TV FX FX HD National Geographic Channel ( US 67 % and Worldwide 52 % ) National Geographic Channel HD SPEED Channel SPEED HD Big Ten Network Big Ten Network HD ( 49 % ) Premier Media Group ( Australia 50 % ) .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Oak Park and River Forest High School	Oak Park	Prior to coaching at the University of Illinois Zuppke coached at Muskegon High School in Muskegon Michigan and Oak Park and River Forest High School in Oak Park Illinois where he tutored future Pro Football Hall of Famer George Trafton .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Vietnam	Nguy?n T?n	There have been meetings between leaders of Vietnam and the Vatican including a visit by Vietnam's Prime Minister Nguy?n T?n D?ng to the Vatican to meet Pope Benedict XVI on 25 January 2007 .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	Bret Schundler	Jersey City	In that same year Christine Todd Whitman captured the New Jersey governorship from the Democrats and Bret Schundler became the first Republican mayor of Jersey City New Jersey that had been held by the Democratic Party since 1917 .
per:country_of_birth(e1,e2)	Ivana	Bulgaria	Ivana was born on January 31 1969 in Aytos Bulgaria .
org:alternate_names(e2,e1)	Lowell	LHS	Lowell Senior High School or LHS is a four-year public high school located in Lowell Indiana United States .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	thursday	Roadrunner Records	The Hinderers is thursday 's second studio album produced by and James Murphy and released by Roadrunner Records .
per:country_of_birth(e1,e2)	Katy Garbi	Greece	Apla Ta Pragmata ( ) is an album by popular Greek artist Katy Garbi released on December 14 2001 by Sony Music Greece .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Dirk Kempthorne	Interior	In January 2008 Dirk Kempthorne Secretary of the United States Department of the Interior vetoed any Mohawk plans for a casino saying the Mohawk reservation on the Canadian border was too far from the track .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	England	Harold Harefoot	In 1035 Harthacnut succeeded his father on the throne of Denmark as Cnut III.Monarkiet i Danmark - at The Danish Monarchy He was unable to come to England in view of the situation in Denmark and it was agreed that Svein's full brother Harold Harefoot should act as regent with Emma holding Wessex on Harthacnut's behalf .
per:cities_of_residence(e2,e1)	Omaha	Edward Ruscha	There are a number of visual and performance artists from Omaha including Edward Ruscha .
no_relation	he	Mashhad	A prominent Iranian cleric who said he had spoken to the authors said they numbered several dozen and were mostly midrank figures from Qom Isfahan and Mashhad where Iran's major seminaries are located .
no_relation	rain	Seoul	The National Police Agency said the helicopter was carrying Moon his wife 11 relatives and three crew when it got into difficulties in heavy rain and came down on a hillside at Gapyeong 40 kilometres ( 25 miles ) east of Seoul .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	France	Ariane Mnouchkine	In 1997 she moved to Paris France to study in Ariane Mnouchkine 's du Soleil .
per:title(e1,e2)	He	Actor	He then performed dual roles in Indrudu Chandrudu winning the Filmfare Best Actor Award and Nandi Awards for his performance .
org:top_members/employees(e1,e2)	Kings XI Punjab	Yuvraj Singh	The match between Mumbai Indians and Kings XI Punjab played on May 21 was considered to be the best of the season with Yuvraj Singh diving full length to run out the MI batsman on the last delivery of the match .
no_relation	Benito Mussolini	Empire	It was brutally occupied by Benito Mussolini 's Fascist Italy from 1936 to 1941 ending with its liberation by British Empire and Ethiopian Patriot forces .
org:top_members/employees(e2,e1)	Maria Angela Cerruto	University of Verona	In the original publication the principal author Dr. Maria Angela Cerruto of the Department of Biomedical and Surgical Sciences Urology Clinic University of Verona Italy writes that with her publication she wants to respond to an earlier article in the Daily Mail ( 29 October 2007 ) concerning the hypothesis that heeled footwear might cause schizophrenia .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Norwegian University of Science and Technology	Trondheim	The frequency of substance abuse had increased with respect to alcohol and cannabis ( during the period ) explained Lars Wichstroem a professor of child and adolescent psychology at the Norwegian University of Science and Technology in Trondheim .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Syria	Hashim al-Atassi	After negotiations in March with Damien de Martel the French High Commissioner in Syria Hashim al-Atassi went to Paris heading a senior Bloc delegation .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Mexico	Bank of Mexico	Mexico 's economy may shrink 7.5 percent this year the country's central bank Bank of Mexico said in its quarterly inflation report Wednesday .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Kaupthing Bank	Iceland	On Tuesday the parent company Kaupthing Bank announced that it had received a 500-million-euro loan from Iceland 's central bank to facilitate operations while the government announced that it had nationalised the country's second - largest bank Landsbanki .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	702	Motown	He also discovers manages and produces for other acts most notably Another Bad Creation MC Brains Boyz II Men and 702 all of whom were signed to his Motown distributed label Biv 10 Records .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e2,e1)	Wisconsin	Henry Hansen	From Wisconsin Henry Hansen moved to the University of Washington in 1935 where his thesis focused on the pollen analysis from bogs in the Puget Lowlands of Washington .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Jorge del Castillo	Peru	Jorge del Castillo President of Peru 's Council of Ministers has said that the intellectual and innovative value of desarollo makes it a required point of reference for the construction of a fair prosperous and inclusionary Latin America .
per:title(e2,e1)	Minister	Arturo Parisi	To react in common we need to think in common said Italian Defence Minister Arturo Parisi at a meeting of Mediterranean defence ministers in the Sardinian capital Cagliari .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Albert King	Stax	Featuring mostly songs composed by Albert King himself this was his first album and the only one before he signed with Stax Records where he would record most albums along his career .
per:title(e2,e1)	Finance	Wouter Bos	On November 21 2008 the Dutch Finance Minister Wouter Bos announced that they would spin off Fortis Insurance Nederland NV using the revived name of ASR Nederland NV .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Guelph Collegiate	Ontario	The high school which eventually became known as the Guelph Collegiate and Vocational Institute ( GCVI ) was founded in the early-mid-19th century by John Galt also the founder of Guelph Ontario ( 1827 ) .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	It	England	It is situated in Bicester Oxfordshire England and occupies a site leading off Queens Avenue .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Mitch McConnell	Kentucky	Republicans including the Senate minority leader Mitch McConnell of Kentucky say they are happy to spend a few days talking about Iraq .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Motown	Stubbs	The band signed with the legendary Motown record label in 1963 and Stubbs ' plaintive gravelly voice helped the Four Tops to the top of the charts throughout the 1960s with hits like Bernadette and Reach Out ( I 'll be there ) .
org:alternate_names(e2,e1)	Promotora de Informaciones	PRISA	Promotora de Informaciones S.A ( PRISA ) is a Spanish media conglomerate .
no_relation	Idaho Power Company	2	He later worked for Utah Light and Traction and then for Idaho Power Company and Boise Valley Traction Company both in Boise Idaho.Harold Hitz Burton biography at the Ohio Judicial Center accessed March 2 2011 When the U.S. entered World War I Burton joined the United States Army rising to the rank of Captain .
per:spouse(e1,e2)	Peter Phillips	Anne Princess Royal	Captain Mark Anthony Peter Phillips ( born 22 September 1948 ) is a British Olympic gold-medal-winning horseman and ex-husband of Anne Princess Royal with whom he had two children .
org:top_members/employees(e2,e1)	Navy	Smith Thompson	Wishing to avoid a scandal between two congressionally decorated naval heroes Secretary of the Navy Smith Thompson and President James Monroe suppressed the matter by offering Perry the rank of Commodore and a diplomatic mission to South America in exchange for dropping his charges against Elliott .
no_relation	Billy Sheehan	David Lee Roth	Guitarist Steve Vai ( who co-produced Skyscraper and wrote a majority of its songs ) and bassist Billy Sheehan who formed the core of David Lee Roth 's solo band left the group over various controversies regarding Skyscraper .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Algeria	Ahmed Ben Bella	With other Catholic intellectuals such as Mauriac Louis Massignon Henri Guillemin Marrou Pierre-Henri Simon he criticised the French Army for using of torture in Algeria in the pages of Le Monde and France-Observateur In 1963 at the request of Ahmed Ben Bella he became rector of the University of Algiers .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Viktor Vasyliovych Petrenko	Soviet Union	Viktor Vasyliovych Petrenko ( ; born June 27 1969 ) is a Ukrainian former competitive figure skater who represented the Soviet Union the Unified Team and Ukraine during his career .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Kim Jong-il	National Defence Commission	Kim Jong-il died on 17 December 2011 but has since been posthumously named the Eternal Chairman of the National Defence Commission .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Kunstakademie	Joseph Beuys	Having graduated at the Folkwang academy she continued her professional education at the Kunstakademie ( Dusseldorf art academy ) as a student of Joseph Beuys from 1970 till 1974 .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Chris Davis	Spotlight Kid	Chris Davis is a British singer and guitarist in Nottingham based Shoegaze band Spotlight Kid as well as a drummer with Six By Seven .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Venezuela	Hugo	Relations between Cuba and Venezuela have significantly improved during the Presidency of Hugo .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Chaudhry Shujaat Hussain	Pakistan	Chaudhry Shujaat Hussain was elected the 21st Prime Minister of Pakistan on 29 June 2004 and obtained a vote of confidence from the National Assembly on 30 June 2004 .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Blue October	C.B. Hudson	After the departure of Blue October 's lead guitarist C.B. Hudson in 2010 Noveskey temporarily took over guitar duty during performances until the band hired Julian Mandrake as a full-time lead guitarist .
org:top_members/employees(e1,e2)	NewsNight	Klein	Following the addition of Cooper the ratings for NewsNight increased significantly ; Klein remarked that Cooper's name has been on the tip of everyone's tongue .
per:spouse(e2,e1)	Tina Fey	Jeff Richmond	Tina Fey will be the writer and possibly the director of the musical while 30 Rock composer and husband Jeff Richmond will work on the music .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Iceland	Geir Haarde	Iceland Prime Minister Geir Haarde threw his support Friday behind the head of the central bank whose ouster has been sought by demonstrators blaming him in part for the country's financial crisis .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	nal Assembly of R	th of Presid	Igor Radoji?i? ' ( Serbian Cyrillic : ) is the Chairman of the Natio nal Assembly of R epublika Srpska an entity of Bosnia and Herzegovina and following the dea th of Presid ent Milan Jeli? was acting President of Republika Srpska from October 1 2007 to 28 December 2007 .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	HSV	Holden	It was built as a touring car homologation package for Group A racing and in racing form managed to win the 1990 Bathurst 1000 race in the hands of Allan Grice and Win Percy for HSV 's racing arm the Holden Racing Team .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Guyana	Bharrat Jagdeo	Ban said the composition of the panel would be announced shortly and revealed that he planned to ask Guyana 's President Bharrat Jagdeo and Norwegian Prime Minister Jens Stoltenberg to join .
no_relation	Taiwan	TSMC	Shares of Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Co. ( TSMC ) fell sharply Thursday in heavy trade amid concerns over the outlook of the global IC sector dealers said .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	he	Quebec	A practising lawyer he was a partner in the Montreal law firm of Lapointe Rosenstein when he was elected to the National Assembly of Quebec in the 1976 general election .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Labor	John Curtin	He subsequently joined with another independent Alexander Wilson to vote down the Fadden UAP government in October 1941 installing Labor leader John Curtin as Prime Minister .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Susan Collins	Maine	Republican Sens. Susan Collins Maine Lindsey Graham S.C. Judd Gregg N.H. Richard Lugar Ind. and Olympia Snowe Maine all defied their party leaders to confirm Kagan .
org:members(e1,e2)	China Southern Airlines	Xiamen Airlines	They will be followed by China Southern Airlines and Xiamen Airlines .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Navy	Donald C. Winter	In a formal ceremony in Scio on 23 March 2007 Navy Secretary Donald C. Winter officially announced the naming of DDG-109 after Dunham .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Singapore	MediaCorp TV Channel 8	House of Joy ( ) is a Singaporean Chinese Drama produced by Singapore 's free-to-air channel MediaCorp TV Channel 8 .
org:members(e2,e1)	Oscar Peterson	Concordia University	The work was performed in Montreal ( Oscar Peterson Hall Concordia University Oct. 2002 ) Marseille ( G.M.E.M. Festival Les Musiques May 2003 ) and New York ( Interpretation Series Merkin Hall November 2002 ) by its commissioner the Nouvel Ensemble Moderne and was released on CD in 2004 .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	He	England	He was an important figure in the religious history of England in the 19th century .
org:city_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Evansville	Reitz Memorial High School	Cannon grew up in Evansville Indiana attending Reitz Memorial High School where he won 3 State Championships and was a 1985 and 1986 NSCAA High School All-American soccer player .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e2,e1)	Ohio	Mike DeWine	The governor John Kasich is a Republican as are all other non-judicial statewide elected officials : Lieutenant Governor of Ohio Mary Taylor Ohio Attorney General Mike DeWine Ohio State Auditor Dave Yost Ohio Secretary of State Jon A. Husted and Ohio State Treasurer Josh Mandel .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	Iliad	Free	Iliad the parent company of French Internet service provider Free had already said it was willing to pay 210 million euros for the new network and refused to comment when contacted by AFP .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Presidency	?eljko	Wolfgang Petritsch OHR has argued that the Dayton framework has allowed the international community to move from statebuilding via institutions and capacity-building to identity building putting Bosnia on the road to Brussels Nevertheless Dayton's main shortcomings may be described as : On 13 February 2008 the head of the Presidency of Bosnia and Herzegovina ?eljko ? said that the original Dayton Agreement was lost from the Presidency's archive .
org:founded_by(e2,e1)	Richard Tompkins	Green Shield Stamps	Entrepreneur Richard Tompkins established Green Shield Stamps in the United Kingdom ( independent of Green Stamps but with a similar trademark ) selling stamps at filling stations and signing up Tesco supermarkets to the franchise in 1963 .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Robert Rubin	Treasury	A former Goldman co-chairman Robert Rubin was President Bill Clinton's Treasury secretary .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	Ali Khamenei	Mashhad	Ayatollah Ali Khamenei blamed the United States and Britain for the protests At a speech in Mashhad Former Iranian President Ali Akbar Hashemi Rafsanjani criticized the Iranian government's actions quoting a verse from the Quran : A secure society is a society that is pious and not subject to tyranny .
org:top_members/employees(e1,e2)	Pixar	John Lasseter	We will stop production if we have to to get the story right said Pixar 's chief creative officer John Lasseter at the Cannes Film Festival in May .
no_relation	Agriculture	Ann Veneman	Secretary of Agriculture Ann Veneman 2001 2005 Mike Johanns 2005 2007 Ed Schafer 2008 present .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Nasr	Cairo	On Saturday an official with the security services told AFP that three Algerian supporters were lightly injured on leaving the stadium in Nasr City a suburb of Cairo .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Botswana	Ian Khama	A hand grenade was the device that prompted a bomb scare outside Botswana President Ian Khama 's offices last week police said Tuesday adding they were investigating how the device landed there .
no_relation	New York Academy of Art	Academy of Art University	This form of study still continues at a few select schools throughout the world including the Los Angeles Academy of Figurative Art New York Academy of Art the Art Students League of New York the Grand Central Academy of Art in New York City the Academy of Art University in San Francisco and the Vitruvian Fine Art Studio in Chicago .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Arnold Sommerfeld	University of Munich	From 1908 to 1911 Lenz studied under Arnold Sommerfeld at the University of Munich and he was granted his doctorate on March 2 1911 .
no_relation	Paris	Simone de Beauvoir	It was produced privately in Paris three years later with a cast that included the playwright Simone de Beauvoir Valentine Hugo Albert Camus Raymond Queneau and Jean-Paul Sartre .
org:city_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Windsor	Roseland Public school	In addition committees of students and parents identified the need for additional schools to be built in South Windsor to ease the burden on Roseland Public school and its sister schools .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Ella Fitzgerald	Verve	Ella Fitzgerald included this song in her Verve Records album Ella Fitzgerald Sings the Rodgers and Hart Songbook ( 1957 ) .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e2,e1)	Virginia	John Marshall	File :2006 AESilver Proof Rev.png | American Silver Eagle reverse ( 1986 ) File :1999 PA Proof.png | Pennsylvania state quarter reverse ( 1999 ) File :2001 NC Proof.png | North Carolina state quarter reverse ( 2001 ) File :2003 AR Proof.png | Arkansas state quarter reverse ( 2003 ) File :2004 IA Proof.png | Iowa state quarter reverse ( 2004 ) File :2005 WV Proof.png | West Virginia state quarter reverse ( 2005 ) File :2005 John Marshall Silver $ 1 prf obv .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	Kum Go	Krause Gentle Corporation	In addition to Kum Go the Krause Gentle Corporation operates Liberty Bank the Des Moines Menace soccer team Solar Transport ( a refined fuel transporter ) and Teamwork Acres ( a collection of farms in Clarke Madison and Warren counties in Iowa ) .
per:title(e2,e1)	President	Hifikepunye Pohamba	Namibian President Hifikepunye Pohamba has been re-elected after winning 75 percent of the vote in last week's elections the South African Press Association cited the official results as saying on Friday .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Rossmore Community College	Poole	Schools that serve the area are Talbot Combined School and Rossmore Community College for the Poole half and St Mark's School for the Bournemouth side ( with a number of secondary schools in the north of Bournemouth ) .
per:country_of_birth(e1,e2)	Siti Nurhaliza	Malaysia	Some participants like Siti Nurhaliza from Malaysia and My Tam from Vietnam would go on to become superstars in their countries .
org:members(e2,e1)	UCF Knights	Division I	The 2012 UCF Knights baseball team represented the University of Central Florida in the 2012 NCAA Division I baseball season .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Oberlin College	Oberlin Ohio	After his year at Alma Fauvner became the head coach at Oberlin College in Oberlin Ohio for 5 seasons from 1900 to 1904 three of those seasons alongside his brother Edgar Fauver .
per:spouse(e1,e2)	Oxenberg	Robert Evans	Oxenberg 's first marriage was to the producer Robert Evans in Beverly Hills California on July 12 1998 but the marriage was annulled nine days later .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Energy	Samuel Bodman	The U.S. will need to have more imports of ethanol if it is to meet the new mandate to cut gasoline use the Energy Secretary Samuel Bodman said Thursday .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	McCain	Arizona	Violence has dramatically increased over the last two years McCain said at a joint press conference with Kyl and two sheriffs from Arizona border areas .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Plaskett	Thrush Hermit	In 1992 Plaskett created alternative rock band Thrush Hermit with Rob Benvie ( vocals guitar ) Ian McGettigan ( vocals bass ) and Michael Catano ( drums ) .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Ukraine	Viktor Yushchenko	The original Our Ukraine Bloc was formed in Kiev ( Kyiv ) Ukraine in 2001 in preparation for the 2002 parliamentary elections as the Electoral Bloc of Viktor Yushchenko Our Ukraine .
org:members(e2,e1)	Apse	Acuarela Discos	By the end of 2004 Apse was signed to Acuarela Discos based in Madrid Spain .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Petco	California	Championship Round of the 2006 World Baseball Classic was held at Petco Park San Diego California United States from March 18 to 20 2006 .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Gustav Mahler Youth Orchestra	Austria	Gustav Mahler Jugendorchester ( GMJO ) ( in English Gustav Mahler Youth Orchestra ) is a youth orchestra based in Vienna Austria founded in 1986 by conductor Claudio Abbado .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Nawaz Sharif	Pakistan	He was involved in politics through his sons Nawaz Sharif who was Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif and Shahbaz Sharif who was chief minister of Punjab province of Pakistan .
per:title(e1,e2)	Hunter Allan	actor	Hunter Allan ( born December 22 1995 ) is a young American actor who is most famous for playing the recurring character of Noah Newman the ten-year-old son of Nicholas and Sharon Newman ( Joshua Morrow and Sharon Case ) on CBS soap opera The Young and the Restless up to May 9 2008 .
per:title(e2,e1)	President	Valdis Zatlers	Chinese President Hu Jintao met here Monday with President of Latvia Valdis Zatlers who attended the opening ceremony of the Beijing Olympic Games on Aug. 8 .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Connecticut	General Electric	Connecticut business thrived until the end of the 1980s with many well-known corporations moving to Fairfield County including General Electric American Brands and Union Carbide .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	W. T. Cosgrave	Executive Council	This boycott gave uncontested control to the pro-treaty members of Sinn and so enabled W. T. Cosgrave to establish the Second Irish Provisional Government and later the First Executive Council of the Irish Free State .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Southern Baptist Theological Seminary	Louisville	Struecker earned a Master of Divinity Degree from the Southern Baptist Theological Seminary in Louisville Kentucky and a Bachelor of Science Degree and Associate of Science Degree from Troy State University in Troy Alabama .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	England	Imperial Tobacco	Woodbine is a brand of cigarette made in England by W. D. H. O. Wills ( now Imperial Tobacco ) from 1888 to 1988 .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Japan	Prince Chichibu	His promotion of rugby in Japan is remembered at the Chichibunomiya Rugby Stadium ( Prince Chichibu Memorial Rugby Ground ) in Aoyama .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Fernando Henrique Cardoso	PSDB	Then President Fernando Henrique Cardoso a member of PSDB could not seek reelection to a third term in office due to constitutional term limits and Neves a member of the political elite of the second most populous state in the country and then speaker of the Chamber of Deputies was widely seen as one of the possible contenders for the PSDB nomination .
per:alternate_names(e1,e2)	Dimitri Tiomkin	s Dmitri Tiomki	Dimitri Tiomkin ( Dmitrij Zinov ' evi? Tjomkin sometimes transliterated a s Dmitri Tiomki n ; Dmitro Zinov ' ivi? Tomkin ) was born in Kremenchuk Ukraine then part of the Russian Empire .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Marsha Mason	United States	Other plays include Breaking Up at Primary Stages ; Ice at Manhattan Theatre Club ; Black Angel at Circle Repertory Company ; The Lady and the Clarinet starring Stockard Channing produced by the Mark Taper Forum Long Wharf Theater Off-Broadway and on the London Fringe and Amazing Grace starring Marsha Mason which received the American Theater Critics Award as the best play produced in the United States during the 1996-97 season .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Dave Knudson	Minus the Bear	Dave Knudson ( born October 13 1976 ) plays guitar with Seattle based indie band Minus the Bear and was previously the guitarist for mathcore band Botch .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Citgo	Houston	Other Venezuelan passengers included Ruth Berhrrenes de Venezuela S.A. ( PDVSA ) representative in Uruguay ; Nelly Cardozo legal assessor of that company ; Wilfredo a protocol official ; and Daniel Uzcategui Specht son of PDVSA's vice-president Diego Uzcategui and Maria Isabel Specht Technology and Engineering Manager of Citgo Petroleum Corporation in Houston Texas .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Florida State University	Scott Stapp	After his freshman year in college he moved back to Florida to enroll in Florida State University where he was reunited with his then future Creed band mate Scott Stapp who Tremonti had known in high school .
no_relation	DJ	Deadmau5	The launch party was held in Pacha Paulo ( September 2009 ) for people with DJ Gui Boratto ( after the last-minute cancellation of Deadmau5 ) .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Mehmet Ali Talat	Northern Cyprus	The podium display after the race caused controversy when winner Felipe Massa received the trophy from Mehmet Ali Talat who was referred to as the President of the Turkish Republic of Northern Cyprus .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Syria	Bashar al-Assad	Syria and Lebanon agreed on Wednesday to establish diplomatic relations at ambassadorial level said a declaration following the summit of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad and his visiting Lebanese counterpart Michel Suleiman .
org:top_members/employees(e2,e1)	Stockwell Day	Canadian Alliance	In April 2002 Stockwell Day was replaced as leader of the Canadian Alliance by Stephen Harper one of the original Class of ' 88 founders of the Reform Party .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Leiden University	Netherlands	Department of Pulmonology ( C2-P-62 ) Leiden University Medical Center PO Box 9600 2300 RC Leiden The Netherlands .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	He	Republic	He yielded to Woodrow Wilson's pacifism by ordering the full disarmament of the Hungarian Army and proclaimed the advent of the First Republic of which he was President .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	United States	Jackson	Although the single reached the # 13 position on the United States dance chart in October 2004 a commercial release never followed mostly because Jackson 's record company Ja-Tail Records had not yet secured a distribution deal .
per:spouse(e1,e2)	Antiochus IV Epiphanes	Laodice	Alexander Balas ( ) ruler of the Greek Seleucid kingdom in 150 146 BC was a native of Smyrna of humble origin but gave himself out to be the son of Antiochus IV Epiphanes and Laodice IV and heir to the Seleucid throne .
org:top_members/employees(e1,e2)	Hamas	Khaled Mashaal	Syrian President Bashar Assad met with Abbas on Sunday after talking with Hamas ' exiled leader Khaled Mashaal .
org:members(e2,e1)	Southern Methodist University	NCAA	The SMU Mustangs are an intercollegiate football team representing Southern Methodist University ( SMU ) in the Division I Football Bowl Subdivision ( FBS ) of the National Collegiate Athletic Association ( NCAA ) .
org:alternate_names(e2,e1)	British Telecommunications plc	BT Group	In order to defend this in January 2000 British Telecommunications plc ( now BT Group plc ) made a friendly takeover offer for the company which was backed by the Esat board .
org:founded(e1,e2)	Communist Party of Great Britain	1920	There was a Marxist offshoot called the Prohibition and Reform Party which later became part of the Communist Party of Great Britain in 1920 .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	 Sali Berish	 Albani	Erdo?an told reporters earlier that he had personally called the leader Sali Berish a ) of an unnamed country Albani a ) to discuss their planned abstention vote despite their previously positive attitude .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Daniel arap Moi	Kenya	Incumbents often steal elections through patronage financed by looting the public purse as President Daniel arap Moi did in Kenya .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	He	Mississippi	He was an attorney with Central Mississippi Legal Services between 1978 and 1980 and was later the Assistant Secretary of State to Mississippi Legal Services .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	The Supremes	Motown	The three of them set about forming a new incarnation of The Supremes although due to contractual difficulties over the ownership of the name ( Mary Wilson was involved in lengthy lawsuits with Motown over ownership and rights to the name ) decided to create an entirely new group under the name FLOS The Former Ladies of the Supremes .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	University of South Carolina	Columbia	Sport and Entertainment Management Major Geographic Information Systems Minor University of South Carolina Columbia South Carolina .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	G-Unit	Young Buck	Days after indicating that he would be open to re-teaming with his old crew at G-Unit Records Young Buck now confirms that he has begun negotiations with the label about making his return .
no_relation	Danny Carey	Pippi Rockstocking	The band began to tighten up musically enlisting drummer Danny Carey ( later in Tool ) as well as bassist Bill Tutton ( King Dot ) guitarists Marc Levinthal ( Pippi Rockstocking ) Steven Shenar ( Sven Seven ) C.J. Buscaglia ( Jesus Quisp ) and Bernie Peaks ( Bernie Vicious ) along with bassist Rootin ' Bloomquist .
no_relation	Kubrick	Warsaw	Kubrick traveled to the Czech city of Brno as it was envisaged as a possible filming location for the scenes of Warsaw during wartime and cinematographer was selected by Kubrick to be the director of photography .
org:members(e2,e1)	melanie	The Sugarcubes	melanie 's former band The Sugarcubes reunited for a one-night-only concert in on 17 November 2006 .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e2,e1)	Texas	Jandek	A fixture of the downtown experimental performing art scene for twenty years she was an early supporter of composer Rhys Chatham experimental musicians like Alan Licht and Tony Conrad Sonic Youth the reclusive Texas musician Jandek drummer Ikue Mori and new-music regulars like Marc Ribot Anthony Coleman and Elliott Sharp numbers of teenage and obscure bands ( for instance Nautical Almanac the hyper-obscure Baltimore noise duo ref name = Baron1 / as well as established groups like Moby which provided a fundraiser appearance for ISSUE Project Room .
org:founded_by(e1,e2)	college	Congregation of Holy Cross	The college is managed by priests of the Congregation of Holy Cross in Dhaka .
no_relation	in Cypr	4; Tassos Papadopoul	Bati? reappeared in international news media spotlight when he testified before a Nicosia court that billions of dollars belonging to the Serbia had been smuggled out of the country by the ousted administration during the UN sanctions on the country by use of offshore corporations in Cypr us registered by the former law office of the Greek Cypriot leader 4; Tassos Papadopoul os .
org:top_members/employees(e1,e2)	University of Michigan	Mary Sue Coleman	Every day the doctors nurses and flight personnel of Survival Flight do heroic work in saving the lives of others and that is how we will remember those who perished in Monday's tragedy -- as selfless heroes University of Michigan President Mary Sue Coleman said .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	Singapore	Ministry of Defence	The 2007 television series Honour and Passion produced by MediaCorp Channel 8 and sponsored by Singapore 's Ministry of Defence ( MINDEF ) featured Shen in the role of a terrorist named Wu Chengyi who holds the lives of Singaporeans to ransom .
per:title(e2,e1)	President	Teodoro Obiang Nguema Mbasogo	President Teodoro Obiang Nguema Mbasogo was re-elected unopposed on 15 December 2002 .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Carnegie Mellon University	Pittsburgh	Researchers at Nationwide Children's Hospital in Columbus Ohio and Carnegie Mellon University in Pittsburgh analyzed data from the National Center for Injury Prevention and Control .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	SBC	oracle	On January 31 2005 SBC announced that it would purchase oracle Corporation for more than US$ 16 billion .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Finland	his	Unlike many other European countries Finland did not choose deflationary solutions under his leadership ; and in 1926 the country shifted to the gold markka .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Ecuador	Rafael Correa	Ecuador 's interior minister said Wednesday that 46 police officers have been detained for alleged participation in the police revolt against President Rafael Correa that claimed five lives .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	Interoute	KPNQwest NV	Interoute acquired the Ebone portion of the KPNQwest NV network from receivers McStay Luby in July 2002 .
no_relation	Novi Sad	Yugoslavia	Since 1945 Novi Sad has been the capital of Vojvodina a province of the Socialist Federal Republic of Yugoslavia and Serbia .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e2,e1)	California	Barbara Boxer	Some Democrats in Congress including California Sen. Barbara Boxer who chairs the environment committee want to use California's law as a model as Congress aims to write federal global warming legislation .
org:founded(e1,e2)	British South Africa Police	23 April 1939	After a short time in a Civil Service office he joined the British South Africa Police ( the police force in Southern Rhodesia ) on 23 April 1939 .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Virginia Army National Guard	Virginia	Camp Dawson is a West Virginia Army National Guard facility in Preston County West Virginia USA .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	UH	Texas	By 1951 UH was the second-largest university in the State of Texas and was the fastest growing university in the United States .
org:top_members/employees(e1,e2)	Big Audio Dynamite	Mick Jones	It samples the 1982 song Should I Stay or Should I Go which was written by Big Audio Dynamite II singer Mick Jones during his tenure with The Clash .
per:title(e2,e1)	teacher	McAuliffe	After being chosen to be the first teacher in space McAuliffe was a guest on several television programs including Good Morning America ; the CBS Morning News ; the Today Show ; and The Tonight Show Starring Johnny Carson where when asked about the mission she stated If you offered a seat on a rocket ship do ask what seat .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	Federal Ministry of Economics and Technology	Federal Ministry for Health	It was created through the merger of the Federal Ministry of Economics and Technology and one part of the Federal Ministry of Labour and Social Affairs - the other part being merged with the old Federal Ministry for Health then the Ministry of Health and Social Security .
org:city_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	San Diego	Torrey Pines High School	Myers grew up in San Diego CA attended Torrey Pines High School and played three years as goalie at University of California Berkeley .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	Army	Rifle Corps	The rest of the 8th Army included the 124th and 112th Rifle Corps .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Sheila Copps	Ontario	Sheila Copps daughter of Victor and Geraldine was a Liberal candidate first for the Ontario legislature and then for the House of Commons where she represented Hamilton East from 1984 until 2004 .
per:title(e2,e1)	Prime Minister	Abubakar Tafawa Balewa	Then Prime Minister Abubakar Tafawa Balewa a northerner rejected the result and ordered a new count which was carried out the following year and which also showed northerners to be more numerous .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Health	Chua Soi Lek	Of late it looks like efforts by the government ( to discourage smoking ) are being challenged by these companies with them drastically reducing prices some to unreasonable levels Health Minister Chua Soi Lek was quoted as saying by Bernama news agency .
no_relation	Benedictine High School	Ohio	He attended Benedictine High School in Cleveland and Ohio State University where he played on the golf team .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	him	Kenya	He claimed that the manual tallying was suspect leaving him no choice but to contest the result in Kenya 's highest court The Supreme Court .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	European Space Agency	Italy	He is recognized internationally through scientific leadership in large network programs ( e.g. NOW CASES ArcticNet the Amundsen and CFL ) as an invited member of several Natural Sciences and Engineering Research Council ( NSERC ) national committees ( e.g. NSERC GSC 09 ; NSERC IPY NSERC northern supplements etc ) international committees ( GEWEX IAPP CNC-SCOR IARC etc ) and invitations to national and international science meetings ( e.g. American Geophysical Union ( AGU ) Canadian Meteorological and Oceanographic Society ( CMOS ) American Meteorological Society ( AMS ) American Society for Limnology and Oceanography ( Spain ) IMPACTS ( Russia ) European Space Agency ( ESA Italy ) Arctic Frontiers ( Norway ) etc ) .
org:founded_by(e2,e1)	Huang Guangyu	Gome Electrical Appliances	Beijing police were conducting the probe into Huang Guangyu the 39-year-old founder of Gome Electrical Appliances Holdings and China's second richest man Xinhua said giving no further details .
org:alternate_names(e1,e2)	AC Transit	Alameda-Contra Costa Transit District	The station is located in Downtown Hayward which contains : AC Transit ( Alameda-Contra Costa Transit District ) .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Scripps College	Claremont	Dorsey Hall a dormitory at Scripps College in Claremont California is named for her .
per:title(e2,e1)	composer	Anthony Braxton	Two Compositions ( Trio ) 1998 is a live album by American composer and saxophonist Anthony Braxton recorded at Wesleyan University in 1998 and released on the Leo label in 2003 .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	his	ATO	This is his first album since splitting with former label ATO Records .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Interior	Giuliano Amato	Interior Minister Giuliano Amato met top security officials in Rome to assess the situation in Naples where firefighters had to put out at least 20 more fires started by angry locals amongst the rubbish on the streets .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Baylor College of Medicine	Houston	The same year he moved to the United States to join the faculty at Baylor College of Medicine at Houston .
per:spouse(e2,e1)	Philip II of Spain	Mary I of England	He owned La Peregrina a famous pearl which was a gift from Philip II of Spain to his wife Mary I of England .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	India	Serampore College	Several theological colleges and seminaries all over India including Nepal Bangladesh and Sri Lanka are affiliated to the Senate of Serampore College ( University ) .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Angola	Agostinho Neto	Bozize placed a wreath of flowers on the monument of Angola 's first president Antonio Agostinho Neto at the Independence Square in downtown Luanda soon after arriving at the 4 de Fevereiro International Airport in Luanda and received by Angolan Minister of Foreign Affairs Assuncao dos Anjos .
no_relation	1946-1947	France Football	Mouloudia Club d'Oran began his first competition in the 1946-1947 season in the third division of the regional championship of the League of Oran ( 3F/O ) after inscription in the France Football Federation .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Gim me Gimmes	Joey Cape	Additionally Raun drums for the punk rock cover band/supergroup Me First and the Gim me Gimmes with fellow Lagwagon member Joey Cape .
org:alternate_names(e1,e2)	Alliance Boots	Boots	Alliance Boots was formed last year in a merger between drug distributor Alliance Unichem PLC and retail chain Boots Group PLC .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Brian	New Hampshire	For this album and tour rather than using their primary drummer of Nate Greenslit ( who went on a personal hiatus ) they recruited Brian to a note on another Wikipedia page Holly Brewer's childhood next-door neighbor from Greenville New Hampshire .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Health	Chua Soi Lek	After I told him of my predicament Tan Sri Law advised me to seek the assistance of Health Minister Datuk Seri Dr Chua Soi Lek .
org:founded_by(e2,e1)	Tomko	Angle Alliance	Cage Tomko and Styles were once united under the Christian's Coalition banner until Styles and Tomko aligned with Angle and formed The Angle Alliance in late 2007 .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	University of Alberta	Canada	Trying the older drug first and reserving Inspra for the few who suffer bad side effects is a reasonable tactic Dr. Paul Armstrong of the University of Alberta in Edmonton Canada wrote in an editorial published online with the study by the New England Journal of Medicine .
org:members(e2,e1)	Mustangs	Conference USA	The Mustangs ' offensive leader was three-time All-Conference USA player and 2012 Conference USA Offensive Player of the Year running back Zach Line who had totaled rushing yards and 37 touchdowns in his career coming into the game .
org:top_members/employees(e1,e2)	Porto	Pinto da Costa	Porto 's resurgence and the introduction of Pinto da Costa as chairman saw Porto reach new heights winning the European Cup for the first time after beating Bayern Munich 2 1 in the 1987 European Cup Final .
org:alternate_names(e2,e1)	Arkansas	University of Arkansas at Pine Bluff	He played college football for Arkansas ( now known as the University of Arkansas at Pine Bluff ) and was drafted in the fifth round of the 1970 NFL Draft .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Rupiah Banda	Zambia	Zambian President Rupiah Banda on Wednesday retired all the top defense force commanders and their deputies from the Zambia Army Zambia Air force and the Zambia National Service ( ZNS ) replacing them with other officers local media said .
org:alternate_names(e1,e2)	Georgia Southern University	Mechanical School	Georgia Southern University began as First District Agricultural Mechanical School ' ; its inaugural academic year began in 1908 with four faculty members and 15 students .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Samuel L. Southard	New Jersey	Following the death of U.S. Senator Samuel L. Southard he was appointed to the United States Senate starting July 2 1842 and was re-elected by the New Jersey Legislature as a Whig in 1845 but lost in 1851 ending his service on March 4 .
per:cities_of_residence(e2,e1)	New York	Sheldon M. Levine	Of Russian Jewish descent Shelly was born Adrienne Levine in Queens New York to Sheldon M. Levine and Elaine Langbaum .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Piaggio	Italy	There are also several symbolic vehicle types which are less luxurious than those cars such as the iconic Fiat Topolino and Fiat 500 and the symbolic Vespa Piaggio which became one of the most fashionable and affordable vehicles in Italy after World War II being first produced in 1946 .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Cambodia	Pol Pot	While the mainstream of the Chinese Communist Party leadership supported Prince Norodom Sihanouk as Cambodia 's anti-Western and anti-imperialist leader Kang argued that Khmer Rouge guerrilla leader Pol Pot was the real revolutionary leader in the Southeast Asian nation .
org:founded(e1,e2)	Frito-Lay	1961	Frito-Lay North America the result of a merger in 1961 between the Frito Company and the H.W. Lay Company produces the top selling line of snack foods in the U.S. Its main brands in the U.S. Canada and Mexico and include Lay's and Ruffles potato chips Doritos tortilla chips Tostitos tortilla chips and dips Cheetos cheese flavored snacks Fritos corn chips Rold Gold pretzels Sun Chips and Cracker Jack popcorn .
org:top_members/employees(e1,e2)	Club Med	Club	He sold his boat Club Med 2 to Club .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Democratic Party	Albert Ho	Democratic Party Chairman Albert Ho said five of its members will join the delegation so they can check if taxpayer dollars were misspent on the Hong Kong pavilion at the World Expo .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	Gulf of Finland Naval Command	Finnish Navy	Gulf of Finland Naval Command ( ) is a Finnish Navy unit headquartered in Upinniemi Kirkkonummi .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	Brian Masse	Windsor	The NDP chose Brian Masse a municipal politician in Windsor 's city council .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Auguste Comte	Paris	It is maintained by the Association internationale Auguste Comte located in the 6th arrondissement at 10 rue Monsieur-le-Prince Paris France and open Wednesday afternoons with a guided tour at 3:30 p.m. ; an admission fee is required .
org:top_members/employees(e1,e2)	PETA	Ingrid Newkirk	He says the only crime Hinkle and Cook committed was throwing the animals in a trash bin an act for which PETA President Ingrid Newkirk has apologized and offered to pay .
org:alternate_names(e1,e2)	International University of Business Agriculture and Technology	IUBAT	International University of Business Agriculture and Technology ( ) or ( IUBAT ) is the non government university located in Bangladesh.It is 1st non govt .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	RVC	University of London	After the war in 1949 the RVC became a school of the University of London .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Blue Rodeo	Greg Keelor	McAdorey eventually moved back to Toronto where she wrote songs with Blue Rodeo 's Greg Keelor and appeared in the video for Blue Rodeo's hit single Try .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Stanwell School	Wales	In October 2002 Stanwell School in Penarth South Wales was chosen by Cameron Mackintosh to be first school in Europe to perform this version of the production .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	Chiang Kai-shek	Taipei	Chiang Kai-shek fled to Taiwan and set up a rival government in Taipei in 1949 after his Kuomintang troops were defeated by Mao Zedong's communist forces on the Chinese mainland .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	Birds of Tokyo	Perth	Birds of Tokyo formed in 2004 from a collaboration between members of another Perth act Tragic Delicate and Karnivool from which Ian Kenny came .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	England	Edward the Confessor	The first of these to come to England was Dominus Other who was present at the court of King Edward the Confessor from about 1056 .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Australian Securities and Investments Commission	Australia	The organization incorporated in New South Wales under the Associations Incorporation Act ( New South Wales ) and was also registered as an Australian Registrable Body through the Australian Securities and Investments Commission ( ASIC ) to enable it to legally operate in all states of Australia .
org:founded_by(e1,e2)	the Mountain Goats	Rachel Ware	Around that time the Mountain Goats were born and began touring with just Darnielle on guitar and a bassist first Rachel Ware and then Peter Hughes .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	Bergman	Stockholm	Early in his career Bergman often spent as many as seven months a year directing theater including running the Royal Dramatic Theater in Stockholm from 1963 to 1966 .
per:country_of_birth(e1,e2)	Eddington	England	Eddington was born in Kendal Cumbria England the son of Quaker parents Arthur Henry Eddington and Sarah Ann Shout .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Spain	Esade	There is no risk that Spain will default on its payments at least in the short term said economics professor Josep Martinez Sayeras at Spain's Esade business school .
org:alternate_names(e1,e2)	Special Assault Team	SAT	On April 1 1996 the Special Assault Team ( SAT ) was established after a year's training with the GSG 9 GIGN and the British SAS .
no_relation	EgyptAir	Saturday	An EgyptAir pilot claiming to have information about the crash of the airline's Flight 990 last year has requested asylum in Britain EgyptAir officials said Saturday .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Indonesia	Suharto	Indonesia ' s Suharto develops potentially lethal blood infection .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Isabella	England	By this time Isabella was already Queen of England .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Cheddi Jagan	Guyana	In the 1992 election in which the PPP under Cheddi Jagan won power for first time in decades Ramotar was elected to the National Assembly of Guyana ; he was continuously re-elected thereafter .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Frank Knox	Navy	On 9 July 1941 President Roosevelt asked Frank Knox the Secretary of the Navy and Henry L. Stimson the Secretary of War for an exploration of the total war production required for the United States to prevail in case of war .
org:founded_by(e2,e1)	Devon	Stagecoach in Devon	In August 1986 Devon General became the first NBC subsidiary to be sold to its management who sold it on to Stagecoach as Stagecoach in Devon in 1995 .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Norton	California	Norton who lives in California leaned on a walker as the 42-inch ( 1.07-meter ) nearly 300-pound ( 135-kilogram ) statue was unveiled on Tuesday .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Michael Somare	National Alliance	The PNG elections will determine if Prime Minister Michael Somare and his National Alliance party return to power after a record five-year term .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	NCAA	them	The 1938-39 team won the first ever NCAA Tournament game which put them in the inaugural Final Four .
org:founded(e1,e2)	Osram	1906	The light bulb manufacturer Osram ( founded in 1906 when three German companies Auer-Gesellschaft AEG and Siemens Halske combined their lamp production facilities ) derived its name from the elements of osmium and Wolfram ( the latter is German for tungsten ) .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Lebanese University	Lebanon	Ghassan Elezzi a political science professor at the Lebanese University said it would be naive to think Syria and Lebanon could act as friends in light of the animosity that has defined their relations in the past three decades .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Carroll	Arista Nashville	It is Carroll 's first album since he split up with Arista Nashville .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	Empire of Japan	Imperial Japanese Navy	The was a cabinet-level ministry in the Empire of Japan charged with the administrative affairs of the Imperial Japanese Navy ( IJN ) .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Norman	ABC Records	Norman signed a deal in 1974 with the mainstream label ABC Records who agreed to distribute Solid Rock's releases .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Kohl	Germany	Seventy-eight year-old Kohl who oversaw the reunification of Germany in 1990 married Maike Richter on Thursday in a ceremony with close friends present in Heidelberg hospital the office said .
org:top_members/employees(e1,e2)	University	James J.	Former theology professor Chester Gillis is the Dean of the College a position he was named to after initially serving as interim Dean while a search committee led by University President John J. DeGioia and Provost James J. O'Donnell was underway .
org:founded_by(e1,e2)	Bloomberg L.P.	Michael Bloomberg	It was not until 1996 that Grauer was asked to become a member of the Bloomberg L.P. board of directors where he was later named Chairman of the Board in March 2001 succeeding Michael Bloomberg .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	he	Tennessee	Cyrus drafted the song after learning that Hannah Montana : The Movie a film he would star in would be set in Tennessee .
org:top_members/employees(e1,e2)	Ohio University	Roderick J. McDavis	Jim Schaus was named the new Director of Athletics at Ohio University by President Roderick J. McDavis on April 7 2008 .
no_relation	Utah	Southern Utah University	He played college basketball at Dixie State College of Utah before transferring to Southern Utah University ( SUU ) .
no_relation	Tammy Wynette	George Jones	Billy Sherrill ( born November 5 1936 Phil Campbell Alabama United States ) is an American record producer and arranger who is most famous for his association with a number of country artists most notably Tammy Wynette and George Jones .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Omar al-Bashir	Sudan	Following his re-election Omar al-Bashir reappointed Kiir as the First Vice President of Sudan in accordance with the interim constitution.Salva Kiir and Ali Osman appointed deputies of Sudan President Sudan Tribune 29 May 2010 South Sudanese voted overwhelmingly in favor of independence from Sudan in January 2011 with 98.83 % of voters reportedly preferring to split from the North .
no_relation	2006	Durham Region Transit	In 2006 APTA was amalgamated into Durham Region Transit along with the other municipal transit services in Durham Region .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Tokyo Gakugei University	Japan	I was just curious why said Sato a professor of geology from Tokyo Gakugei University in Japan .
org:members(e2,e1)	Joseph	National Union of Mineworkers	Joseph ( Joe ) Gormley Baron Gormley OBE ( 5 July 1917 27 May 1993 ) was President of the National Union of Mineworkers ( Great Britain ) from 1971 to 1982 and a Labour peer .
org:top_members/employees(e2,e1)	John Monks	ETUC	John Monks reelected as ETUC Secretary General .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Continental Army	George Washington	He supplied the Continental Army guns and was granted hundreds of acres by George Washington .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	New Hampshire College	Manchester	However by the early 1990s New Hampshire College preparing to assume university status decided to consolidate all its programs at its main site in Manchester and the property was once again placed on the open market .
per:country_of_birth(e1,e2)	Mendelsohn	Australia	Mendelsohn was born in Melbourne Australia the son of Carole Ann ( Ferguson ) and Frederick Arthur Oscar Mendelsohn .
per:country_of_birth(e1,e2)	Ibrahim Nasir	Maldives	Ibrahim Nasir who led the Maldives ' independence movement from the British and became the island nation's first president has died at the age of 82 an official said .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Eastern Mennonite University	VA	Exchanges of material with sister collections such as Bethel College's Mennonite Library and Archives ( North Newton KS ) Eastern Mennonite University 's Menno Simons Library ( Harrisonburg VA ) and the Heritage Historical Library ( Aylmer Ontario ) have helped broaden MHL holdings beyond the Swiss South-German Old Mennonite segment that continues to characterize their core strength .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Mac Dre	Thizz Entertainment	He has been a long collaborator with performers from Northern California ( such as label mates Ray Luv and Young Lay ) and beyond and in recent years his album releases have been on the late rapper Mac Dre 's Thizz Entertainment label .
org:alternate_names(e2,e1)	Southern University	Jaguars	Southern University 's colors are columbia blue and gold and their nickname is the Jaguars .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Vall	Military Council for Justice and Democracy	In power since the bloodless military coup staged in August 2005 Vall 's 17-member Military Council for Justice and Democracy ( CMJD ) committed itself to remain politically impartial .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Navy	Gideon Welles	On 4 May 1863 a report from Rear Admiral Samuel Phillips Lee to Secretary of the Navy Gideon Welles stated that Albemarle was still there performing in the same capacity .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Its	Tennessee	Its headquarters and maintenance base were located at the Smyrna Airport in Smyrna Tennessee USA | .
no_relation	Fidel V. Ramos	National Defense	This led to the People Power Revolution instigated when two long-time Marcos allies Armed Forces of the Philippines Vice Chief-of-Staff Fidel V. Ramos and Secretary of National Defense Juan Ponce Enrile resigned and barricaded themselves in Camp Aguinaldo and Camp Crame .
per:origin(e2,e1)	Peruvian	Santos Chocano	The predominant literary style was the so-called Modernismo a mixture of elements from the French Parnassien and Symboliste schools as promoted by some Latin American and Peninsular Spanish writers ( e.g. the Nicaraguan the Mexican Amado Nervo the Spaniard Francisco Villaespesa and the Peruvian Santos Chocano as major models ) .
per:title(e2,e1)	Prime Minister	Yves Leterme	Wen will also attend the 8th Asia-Europe Meeting ( ASEM ) and the 13th China - European Union ( EU ) summit from Oct. 4 to 6 as guest of European Council President Herman Van Rompuy Belgian Prime Minister Yves Leterme and European Commission President Jose Manuel Barroso .
org:city_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Anchorage	University of Alaska Anchorage	The founding members and partners of the AWHF are the Zonta Club of Anchorage the YWCA Alaska Women for Political Action the Anchorage Women's Commission the University of Alaska Anchorage Alaska Women's Network and the ATHENA Society .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	Alitalia	SkyTeam	Established in 1947 Alitalia Cargo became a member of SkyTeam Cargo in 2001 .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	Kaithapram	Kerala	Madhu Kaithapram ( ) is an Indian film director working primarily in the Malayalam film industry based in Kerala .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	King Henry VIII School	Coventry	King Henry VIII School is a coeducational independent school located in Coventry England comprising a senior school ( ages 11 18 ) and associated preparatory school ( ages 3 11 ) .
org:city_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Sanford	Central High School	The school first opened under the name of Sanford Central High School in 1951 .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Oklahoma	Scott Meacham	In 2006 Barnett anncounced he would seek the Republican nomination to challenge incumbent Democratic Oklahoma State Treasurer Scott Meacham .
per:origin(e1,e2)	Rex Whistler	Anglo-American	Her mother maiden name was Whistler and through her she was a distant cousin of the English artist Rex Whistler and his brother the glass engraver Sir Laurence Whistler ; she was also more distantly related to the Anglo-American artist James McNeill Whistler .
org:top_members/employees(e2,e1)	Brin	Google	When a reporter congratulated Brin on his marriage at a media event Wednesday the Google co-founder said he wanted to keep the discussion focused on search .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Interior	Wilhelm Frick	As such he was nominally subordinate to Interior Minister Wilhelm Frick but in practice Himmler answered to no-one but Hitler .
no_relation	A	Canada	A statement posted Wednesday on the UN Climate Change Secretariat's web site says Canada was officially told May 5 it would be investigated for allegedly breaching a Kyoto greenhouse - gas reporting requirement .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Frederick Trump	British Columbia	Calling himself Frederick Trump Trump began his career running the Arctic Restaurant and Hotel in Bennett British Columbia during the Klondike Gold Rush .
org:alternate_names(e2,e1)	Baltic	AirBaltic	A/S Air Baltic Corporation operating as AirBaltic and styled as airBaltic is the Latvian flag carrier airline and a low-cost carrier with its head office on the grounds of Riga International Airport in Mrupe municipality near the capital Riga .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	Mesaba Airlines	Northwest Airlines	On April 24 2007 Mesaba Airlines emerged from bankruptcy protection and was officially acquired by Northwest Airlines .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Carolina Kostner	Italy	Carolina Kostner Italy 62.13 3 .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	William M. Gwin	California	In the first days of the Burnett Administration the governor and the California Legislature set out to create the organs of a state government creating state cabinet posts archives executive posts and departments subdividing the state into 27 counties and appointing John C. Fremont and William M. Gwin as California 's senators to the federal U.S. Senate .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Khieu Samphan	Democratic Kampuchea	There were reports of factions in the NADK such as one loyal to Khieu Samphan prime minister of the defunct regime of Democratic Kampuchea and his deputy Ieng Sary and another identified with Pol Pot and Ta Mok ( the Southwestern Zone commander who conducted extensive purges of party ranks in Cambodia in 1977 to 1978 ) .
org:members(e2,e1)	Lancers	Ontario University Athletics	The Lancers compete in Ontario University Athletics ( OUA ) as part of Canadian Interuniversity Sport ( CIS ) and have over 10 provincial and national championships to date .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Defense	Kurt von Schleicher	He pushed through a law proscribing the Nazi SA and SS paramilitary organizations which had to be revoked in 1932 after pressure from right-wing forces around President Hindenburg and Defense Minister Kurt von Schleicher .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Leyland Trucks	Central Lancashire	Leyland Trucks and BAE Systems are the Central Lancashire area's largest employers at their sites in Leyland and Samlesbury respectively .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Marinella	he PolyGram Recor	Marinella - Portraita ( Greek : - ; ) is a compilation of recordings by popular Greek singer Marinella under t he PolyGram Recor ds - Philips series Portraita ( Portraits ) .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	Central Saint Martins College of Art and Design	University of the Arts London	Joshua Oppenheimer received a Bachelor of Arts ( BA ) with summa cum laude in filmmaking from Harvard University and a Ph.D. from Central Saint Martins College of Art and Design University of the Arts London while studying on a Marshall Scholarship .
no_relation	Princeton University	he	After working for one year at the RAND Corporation he went to Princeton University where he received a Ph.D. in 1953 .
no_relation	UCSB	University of California	His disappointment would not long last though as Iro and the UCSB Gauchos were crowned champions of Division I college soccer by beating the Bruins from the University of California Los Angeles in the 2006 Division I Men's College Cup in St. Louis Missouri .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Fernando da Piedade Dias dos Santos	Angola	After meeting with Fernando da Piedade Dias dos Santos speaker of Angola 's National Assembly Francisco Teles said the electoral process and the perspectives of Angola's newly-elected parliament topped her talks with the Angolan speaker .
per:cities_of_residence(e2,e1)	London	Strummer	By staging interviews with Strummer's family and other intimates beside bonfires ( in locales including London New York and Los Angeles ) Temple re-creates the folksy atmosphere of Strummer 's favorite music festival held in England's Glastonbury where fans come every year to watch big and emerging acts camp in tents and sit around roaring fires at night .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	UK	John Digweed	Along with releases on Electrobeat Atlantic robsrecords and ZYX records The Beat Club has been featured in various compilations including Champion Records UK John Digweed Azuli release and other mixes in addition to a recent cover version of Security by the Freestylers on their album Adventures in Freestyle .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Giovanni Giolitti	Italy	Their political base of support was in Piedmont where many leading liberal politicians of the Kingdom of Sardinia and the Kingdom of Italy ( including both Camillo Cavour and Giovanni Giolitti ) hailed from and Southern Italy .
per:spouse(e2,e1)	Richard Burton	Elizabeth Taylor	Melvyn Bragg in the notes of his Richard Burton : A Life says that Burton told Olivier circa 1970 that he was planning on making his own film of Macbeth with Elizabeth Taylor ( who had been Mike Todd's wife when he died ) as Lady Macbeth knowing that this would hurt Olivier .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Rafael Correa	Ecuador	President of Argentina Cristina Fernndez Rafael Correa of Ecuador and Fernando Lugo of Paraguay are accompanying him ; however they are staying in El Salvador .
per:title(e2,e1)	model	Mugdha Godse	To afford Kartik's high fees Meghna shoots a lingerie advertisement while another aspiring model Janet ( Mugdha Godse ) mentors her .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e2,e1)	New Hampshire	Franklin Pierce	Gove took up the study of law at the Concord New Hampshire law offices of Pierce Minot of which Franklin Pierce ( soon to become President of the United States ) was the senior partner .
no_relation	Kansas	Ottawa University	An ordained minister in the mainline Northern Baptist Convention Wikgren then served as a minister at First Baptist Church in Belleville Kansas and as a professor of New Testament literature at Kansas City Baptist Theological Seminary ( now Central Baptist Theological Seminary in Shawnee Kansas ) ( 1935-1937 ) and of biblical literature and classics at Ottawa University in Ottawa Kansas ( 1937-1940 ) before returning to Chicago to join the University of Chicago Divinity School as the J. M. Powis Smith Instructor in 1940 .
org:founded_by(e2,e1)	Tsui Hark	Film Workshop	The first Chinese animated feature film from Hong Kong it was produced by Tsui Hark and his production company Film Workshop .
no_relation	2000	Mean Street Posse	On the January 31 2000 edition of Raw the Mean Street Posse asked the Acolytes to protect them which they refused to do until the Posse offered to pay them .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Connecticut	Christopher Dodd	He is a Darien Connecticut resident and was the unsuccessful Republican candidate for the Connecticut seat held by Christopher Dodd in the 2004 U.S. Senate election .
org:top_members/employees(e2,e1)	Richard Branson	Virgin Group	Northern Rock at the end of November named a consortium led by tycoon Richard Branson 's Virgin Group as the preferred bidder to take a stake in the bank and bring in fresh investment .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Botswana	Festus Mogae	We have agreed on the name of the party which will be Botswana Movement for Democracy said the party spokesman Sydney Pilane who was also a special advisor to former president Festus Mogae .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Gabon	Omar Bongo	Gabon 's President Omar Bongo Ondimba is not dead a Spanish diplomatic source said Monday confirming a denial issued by the country's prime minister that Africa's longest serving ruler had died at a hospital in Barcelona .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Lockerby Composite School	Canada	Lockerby Composite School is a high school located in the Lockerby neighbourhood of Greater Sudbury Ontario Canada a short distance from Science North and James Jerome ( Lily Creek ) Sports Complex .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	Brad	Seattle	We plan to give Old Man Winter his due by playing some of our favorite music and inviting you to enjoy some outstanding Northwest/Italian cuisine and simultaneous musical pleasure at Brad 's Swingside in Seattle 's Fremont district .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Ma Ying-jeou	Kuomintang	Taiwan leader Ma Ying-jeou officially assumed the position of the island's ruling party chairman here at Kuomintang 's 18th plenary congress Saturday morning .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Sharif	Egypt	The only remedies available to Anderson include suing Sharif in Egypt which would likely be expensive and time-consuming the Times report said .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Veterans Affairs	Jim Nicholson	ATLANTA -- Veterans Affairs Secretary Jim Nicholson promotes sports for troops wounded in Iraq .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	Channel 7 Television	Grimsby Institute	Channel 7 Television is a satellite and cable-based station which has studios in Immingham and the Grimsby Institute .
per:cities_of_residence(e2,e1)	London	Alastair Sim	He made his London stage in 1945 at Sadler's Wells in James Bridie's play The Forrigan Reel directed by Alastair Sim .
no_relation	United States	more	In Kenya where US President Barack Obama's father was born 81 percent said the United States was generally a force for good -- a notch more than even in the United States itself where 80 percent said so .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Lee	Singapore	Lee 84 was Singapore 's first prime minister and is currently an influential adviser in the cabinet of his son Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong .
per:cities_of_residence(e2,e1)	Baltimore	Delegate Rawlings	At the award ceremony in Baltimore Brenda Welburn NASBE Executive Director said Delegate Rawlings has been a long-time champion of expanding educational opportunities and access for all of Maryland's students .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Peru	Alberto Fujimori	Lima Mayor Luis Castaneda leads in a popularity survey ahead of Peru 's 2011 presidential election with disgraced ex-president Alberto Fujimori 's daughter running second a poll released Monday found .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	Vidyasagar College	University of Calcutta	Vidyasagar College ( ) named after Pandit Ishwar Chandra Vidyasagar is a government-sponsored day and evening college affiliated to the University of Calcutta in Kolkata India .
org:members(e2,e1)	Botany Swarm	New Zealand Ice Hockey League	Easterbrook first signed with the Botany Swarm of the New Zealand Ice Hockey League ( NZIHL ) in 2006 .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Alitalia	Rome	Alitalia Express S.p.A. was a regional airline based in Rome Italy and a wholly owned subsidiary of Alitalia .
per:title(e2,e1)	Prime Minister	Hun Sen	Polls opened in Cambodia on Sunday for legislative elections widely expected to extend Prime Minister Hun Sen 's 23-year grip on power .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	India	Morarji Desai	Janata's campaign evoked memories of India 's freedom struggle against British rule during which Jayaprakash Narayan Jivatram Kripalani and Morarji Desai had first emerged as political leaders .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Albert King	Stax	Born Under a Bad Sign was the first album by Albert King for Stax Records and his second album overall .
org:alternate_names(e1,e2)	SBC Long Distance	usa	On April 1 2006 SBC Long Distance began doing business as usa Long Distance .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	EDF Energy	France	Joanna Manning-Cooper a spokeswoman for the London committee declined to comment on reports that EDF Energy the British unit of the French utility Electricite de France was poised to announce a similar deal .
org:founded_by(e1,e2)	Country Garden	Yang Guoqiang	There are Internet pioneers like Robin Li of Baidu and Ma Huateng of Tencent ; billionaire retailers like Gome's Huang Guangyu ; and real estate barons like Xu Rongmao of Shimao Zhu Mengyi of Hopson and Country Garden 's Yang Guoqiang who told journalists a few months ago that for years he planted rice tended cows and mixed cement before founding Country Garden in 1997 .
per:title(e2,e1)	Prime Minister	Viktor Yushchenko	; after her dismissal as Deputy Prime Minister for fuel and energy sector in the cabinet of Viktor Yushchenko in January 2001 and during the Ukraine without Kuchma-protests .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	his	California	In his final years he divided his time between a condo and a houseboat in Laguna Niguel California keeping in touch with former co-star Nancy Kulp ( who he nicknamed ' Slim ' ) but mostly reclusive .
org:members(e1,e2)	Oxford University	Oxford University Cricket Club	He began studies at Oxford University in 1979 and in 1981 made his first-class debut for Oxford University Cricket Club against Leicestershire .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Burkina Faso	Thomas Sankara	Formerly called the Republic of Upper Volta the country was renamed Burkina Faso on 4 August 1984 by then-President Thomas Sankara using a word from each of the country's two major native languages and Dioula .
per:country_of_birth(e1,e2)	Billy J. Kramer	England	Billy J. Kramer ( born William Howard Ashton 19 August 1943 Bootle Lancashire England ) is a British Invasion/Merseybeat singer .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	45th Space Wing	Air Force	In March 2010 the USAF 45th Space Wing issued Real Property Licenses to Space Florida for Launch Complexes 36 and 46 at Cape Canaveral Air Force Station .
per:cities_of_residence(e2,e1)	Miami	Manny Diaz	Miami Mayor Manny Diaz said the event planned at the Orange Bowl is part of the local government's plan to accommodate overflow crowds in the event of Castro's death but he said there will not be a city-funded celebration .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Interior	Dirk Kempthorne	Secretary of the Interior Gale Norton 2001 2006 Dirk Kempthorne 2006 present .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Nicaragua	Daniel Ortega	Humberto Ortega and his brother current President of Nicaragua Daniel Ortega founded the Tercerista tendency of the Sandinista National Liberation Front ( FSLN ) in 1975 .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Treasury	Paul O'Neill	Some of the most respected names in the business world were pitching in Friday including billionaire investor Warren Buffett former Federal Reserve Chairman Paul Volcker former Treasury secretaries Robert Rubin Lawrence Summers and Paul O'Neill and Laura Tyson former head of the Council of Economic Advisers under President Clinton .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Punjab Agricultural University	Ludhiana	degree in Agricultural Engineering from Punjab Agricultural University Ludhiana - India ; M.Sc .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Tusk	PO	Immediately after Tusk 's election victory PO 's European affairs spokesman Jacek Saryusz-Wolski -- who is also president of the European Parliament's foreign policy committee -- announced that the new government would adopt the entire charter .
no_relation	new	South Australia	An assisted migration scheme brought new immigrants of many nationalities mainly European to South Australia between 1947 and 1973 .
org:top_members/employees(e2,e1)	Mikhail Fridman	Alfa Group	AAR's shareholders are the companies of a group of billionaire Russian businessmen including Mikhail Fridman of the Alfa Group and Viktor Vekselberg of Renova .
per:title(e2,e1)	musician	Phil Lesh	A musician who was a leading example of this Phil Lesh ( bassist with the Grateful Dead ) developed his style on the foundation of having studied classical brass-band jazz and modernist music on the violin and later the trumpet .
org:alternate_names(e1,e2)	National Science Foundation	NSF	o Dr. Jose L. Munoz Deputy Director National Science Foundation ( NSF ) Office of Cyberinfrastructure ( OCI ) and NSF/ICI senior advisor .
per:country_of_birth(e1,e2)	Sadiq al-Mahdi	Sudan	Two key Beshir challengers -- the Umma Party's Sadiq al-Mahdi and Yasser Arman of the former rebel Sudan People's Liberation Movement ( SPLM ) -- withdrew ahead of the election .
per:country_of_birth(e1,e2)	Parra	Chile	Parra was born in San Carlos Province a small town in southern Chile on 4 October 1917 .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	University of New South Wales	Kensington	It is based at the University of New South Wales ( UNSW ) campus in Kensington a suburb of Sydney .
org:city_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Seoul	Asiana Airlines	International flights to Seoul South Korea are serviced by Asiana Airlines from Matsuyama and Takamatsu .
per:spouse(e2,e1)	Max Roach	myself	Emancipation became a genuine preoccupation for Lincoln after she met Max Roach the maverick bebop drummer she credits with helping me find myself ; they married in 1962 .
no_relation	Cole	Alabama	Cole was inducted into both the Alabama Music Hall of Fame and the Alabama Jazz Hall of Fame .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Sam Dave	Stax	Sam Dave were technically a duo act on the Atlantic roster but were leased to Stax by Atlantic with Stax overseeing their recordings and putting them out on the Stax label .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Bob Corker	Tennessee	The proposal emerged during negotiations between Democratic Sen. Christopher Dodd of Connecticut the Banking Committee chairman and Sen. Bob Corker a Tennessee Republican on the committee .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Health and Human Services	Mike Leavitt	The evidence is clear -- regular physical activity over months and years produces long-term health benefits and reduces the risk of many diseases US Health and Human Services Secretary Mike Leavitt said in a statement .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Japan	Tomoyoshi Koyama	Italian Mattia Pasini meanwhile won the 12th round of the 125cc category world championship ahead of Hungary's Gabor Talmacsi with Japan 's Tomoyoshi Koyama in third .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	United Russia	Vladimir Putin	Andreani said that Paris takes note of the initial results of the election which appear to hand a large majority to the ' United Russia ' list led by President Vladimir Putin .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Akaka	Hawaii	Akaka won in all 4 Hawaii counties taking at least 60 % of the vote in each area .
no_relation	He	Division	He joined Second Division club Small Heath but never made a competitive appearance and went on to play for Midland League club Newark Southern League clubs Brighton Hove Albion Norwich City and Southend United and other non-league teams .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Kilburn	Ian Dury	It is common for reviewers to unfavourably compare an artist's new work to their old and this was the case with Apples with critics pointing out the songs were not as good as Dury's ' old stuff ' Ironically two of the tracks Apples and England's Glory were written over 13 years earlier while Dury was still in Kilburn The Highroads a studio recording of Apples ( with slightly different lyrics ) and a live version of England's Glory by Ian Dury The Kilburns the final phase of Dury's influential pub-rock outfit are included on Edsel's re-issue of New Boots and Panties !!
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	The ACORN	Ottawa	The ACORN in Ottawa criticized then-Herongate Mall property owner Transglobe for letting the mall's stores deteriorate and become unsanitary .
org:members(e2,e1)	Howard University	NCAA	The 2012 Howard Bison football team represented Howard University in the 2012 NCAA Division I FCS football season .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Rodrigo Borja Cevallos	Ecuador	Rodrigo Borja Cevallos ( born 19 June 1935 ) was President of Ecuador from 10 August 1988 to 10 August 1992 .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Thompson	Wisconsin	I respect the decision of the voters Thompson the former governor of Wisconsin said in a statement issued by his campaign a day after he placed sixth in Iowa's Republican Party Straw Poll .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	powers	Hungary	The Cabinet with powers in agreement declared Hungary 's neutrality withdrew from the Warsaw Pact and requested assistance from the diplomatic corps in Budapest and the UN Secretary-General to defend Hungary's neutrality .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	Marc Bureau	Gatineau	Marc Bureau ( born August 11 1955 ) is the current mayor of the city of Gatineau Quebec .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	University of Hull	Hull	In June Sir Tom Courtenay visited the University of Hull to perform a one-man play Larkin Revisited and repeated the performance at Hull Truck Theatre in November 2010 .
no_relation	Chris Cunningham	Aphex Twin	The original Warp Records edition tracklisting consists of : The Nothing Records version has a rearranged tracklist with additional tracks unavailable in the U.S. at the time ( Warp Records had not opened their American division yet and arranged to release some of their material through Nothing ) : The rearrangement of the tracks is to highlight the Come On My Selector video directed by Chris Cunningham ( whose work also includes videos for Aphex Twin Autechre and ) and which was included on the re-release .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Vrije Universiteit Brussel	Brussels	Jean Paul Van Bendegem ( born 28 March 1953 in Ghent ) is a mathematician a philosopher of science and a prominent professor at the Vrije Universiteit Brussel in Brussels .
org:alternate_names(e1,e2)	Dublin City University	Ollscoil Chathair Bhaile Cliath	Mitchell was awarded Honorary Degrees from the Illinois Institute of Technology ( IIT ) in Humane Letters Science 1995 ; an honorary doctorate of business administration from Iowa Wesleyan College on May 18 1985. ; and from Dublin City University Ireland ( Ollscoil Chathair Bhaile Cliath ) Ireland on October 25 1996 .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	John Negroponte	National Intelligence	A spokeswoman for John Negroponte the Directorate of National Intelligence noted that Intelligence community analysts from the CIA and the DIA reviewed the translations and found that while fascinating from a historical perspective the tapes do not reveal anything that changes their postwar analysis of Iraq's weapons programs nor do they change the findings contained in the comprehensive Iraq Survey Group report .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Treasury	Lloyd Bentsen	The U.S. federal government so far has made additional profits of $ 3.0 billion from collectors taking the coins out of circulation .50 State Quarters Report : 10 Years of Honoring Our Nation's History and Heritage U.S. Mint Financial Department http://www.usmint.gov/downloads/mint_programs/50sqReport.pdf The program's origins lie with the Citizens Commemorative Coin Advisory Committee ( CCCAC ) which was appointed by Secretary of Treasury Lloyd Bentsen in December 1993 and chaired by Mint Director Philip N. Diehl .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	The Broadway	Los Angeles	In 1979 it was split into two divisions : The Broadway Southern California based in Los Angeles ; and Broadway Southwest headquartered in Phoenix ( for the non-California stores ) .
org:members(e2,e1)	Cornell Big Red	Cornell University	The 2010 11 Cornell Big Red women's ice hockey team will represent Cornell University in the 2010 11 NCAA Division I women's ice hockey season .
org:members(e1,e2)	US Army	Virginia Military Institute	In May 1946 Marshall was ordered to temporary duty in the Office of the Chief of Staff US Army Washington D.C. in order that he be available to become Superintendent of the Virginia Military Institute .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Bharrat Jagdeo	Guyana	It was also revealed in February that President Bharrat Jagdeo of Guyana and Prime Minister Jens Stoltenberg of Norway will participate .
org:members(e1,e2)	NCAA Division II	Wingate University	In 1997 he transferred to NCAA Division II Wingate University where he scored 59 goals in two seasons .
org:founded(e2,e1)	1988	Geo	From 1984 to 2002 variants of the Sprinter were manufactured by NUMMI in Fremont California known as the Chevrolet Nova | Chevrolet Nova ( 1984 1988 ) Geo Prizm ( 1988 1997 ) and Chevrolet Prizm ( 1997 2002 ) .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	South Carolina	South Carolina Army National Guard	The South Carolina National Guard consists of the South Carolina Army National Guard and the South Carolina Air National Guard http://www.scang.ang.af.mil/ .
org:city_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Peterborough	Trent University	GEW 2008 is brought to by the City of Peterborough Council of Canadians Fair Trade Trent Jamaican Self Help Kawartha Ploughshares Kawartha World Issues Centre New Canadians Centre Alex Atfield Ontario Public Interest Research Group Parents and Friends of Lesbians and Gays KWIC Seeds for Justice Traveling World Community Film Festival ~ Peterborough Trent University : IDS TIP TISA ERS TQC World Affairs Colloquium Ontario Council for International Cooperation .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Vladimir Putin	United Russia	Boris Gryzlov Chairman of Russian State Duma and the United Russia Supreme Council read a congratulatory message at the opening ceremony from Russian Prime Minister Vladimir Putin also chairman of the United Russia .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Singapore	Lee Kuan Yew	Singapore 's Minister Mentor Lee Kuan Yew lit the cauldron at the Marina Bay on Friday which marked the end of the six-day torch relay in the Singapore leg of the Journey of the Youth Olympic Flame .
per:title(e1,e2)	Donna Shalala	Health and Human Services	In April 2000 Jackson was appointed by Donna Shalala Secretary of Health and Human Services to serve on President Bill Clinton Advisory Council on HIV/AIDS .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Enterprise Inns	United Kingdom	In 1991 he founded Enterprise Inns when he bought 368 pubs from Bass and expanded the business though further acquisition into the largest chain of public houses in the United Kingdom .
org:members(e2,e1)	Milwaukee Panthers	Wisconsin	The Milwaukee Panthers are the athletic teams of the University of Wisconsin Milwaukee .
no_relation	Venice	Tony Bill	72 Market Street Oyster Bar and Grill was a popular Venice California restaurant founded in 1983 and launched by Tony Bill and Dudley Moore .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Klaus Schulze	Sky Records	Earthstar was encouraged by Krautrock/Kosmische Musik/electronic music artist composer and producer Klaus Schulze to relocate to Germany where they were signed by Sky Records .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Hofstra University	Hempstead	Hofstra Law School is located on the southern portion of the Hofstra University campus in Hempstead New York .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Wright State University	Dayton	Alumni Field is the on-campus soccer stadium at Wright State University in Dayton Ohio United States .
org:top_members/employees(e1,e2)	American Federation of Teachers	Randi Weingarten	Another New Yorker American Federation of Teachers President Randi Weingarten said it was nerve wracking to deliver her five-minute address to delegates in the convention hall Monday even though she is an experienced public speaker .
org:city_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Icheon	Hynix	Icheon South Korea-based Hynix supplies NAND chips to Apple Inc. for its iPod and iPhone products and mobile DRAM chips for the iPad according to Park .
no_relation	Sharif	Pakistan	URGENT Sharif 's plane arrives in Pakistan : television .
no_relation	Sparta	Zdenek Pospech	Defenders : Zdenek Grygera ( Juventus/ITA ) Michal Kadlec ( Sparta Prague ) Radoslav Kovac ( Spartak Moscow/RUS ) Zdenek Pospech ( Sparta Prague ) David Rozehnal ( Newcastle/ENG ) Tomas Ujfalusi ( Fiorentina/ITA ) .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Gerardo Machado	Cuba	Gerardo Machado y Morales ( September 28 1871 March 29 1939 Miami Beach Florida ) was President of Cuba ( 1925 1933 ) and a general of the Cuban War of Independence .
org:founded(e2,e1)	1980	Solidarity	An electrician at the Gdansk shipyard on Poland's Baltic Sea coast Walesa was catapulted into the world spotlight in 1980 after becoming the leader of a mass movement of Polish workers striking against the then communist regime that became Solidarity the communist bloc's first and only trade union .
org:founded_by(e1,e2)	AccuWeather	Joel N. Myers	AccuWeather was founded in 1962 by Joel N. Myers then a Penn State graduate student working on degrees in meteorology .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Federal	James Brown	The company also had a race records ( African American ) label Queen Records ( which was melded into the King label within a year or two ) and most notably ( starting in 1950 ) Federal Records which launched the singing career of James Brown .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Miguel de Legazpi	Spain	Miguel de Legazpi arrived in Umatac in 1565 and claimed the island of Guam for Spain before proceeding to the Philippines where in a short period of time they successfully incorporated to Spain's Empire Cebu Samar Mazaua Leyte and Bohol before conquering Manila .
no_relation	president	Brad Whitford	George Frederick Handel German composer ( 1685-1759 ) ; Sir George Frederick Watts English artist ( 1817-1904 ) ; Constantine Caramanlis Greek president ( 1907-1998 ) ; Peter Fonda U.S. actor/director ( 1940 -- ) ; Brad Whitford guitarist for Aerosmith ( 1952 -- ) ; Howard Jones British singer ( 1955 -- ) ; Kristin Davis U.S. actress ( 1965 -- ) .
per:title(e2,e1)	King	William II of England	Osbern was present at the first Christmas court held by King William II of England after his accession .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Navy	Frank Knox	WorId War II : The Marine Corps and the Coast Guard On September 1 1942 Samuels received the following notification from Secretary of the Navy Frank Knox : Pursuant to the provision of an Act of Congress approved July 24 1941 ( Public Law No. 188 - 77th Congress ) the President of the United States on this date appoints you a Boatswain in the Coast Guard for temporary service to rank from the First of September 1942 thus Samuels was able to work himself up through the ranks to become a warrant officer .
per:title(e2,e1)	Prime Minister	Andrew Bonar Law	Field made his maiden speech on 27 June 2001 when he announced his great political hero was the former Prime Minister Andrew Bonar Law .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Ecuador	Rafael Correa	Earlier Ecuador 's President Rafael Correa denounced police protesters for the coup attempt .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Eastwood	California	On May 27 2007 Eastwood received an honorary Doctor of Humane Letters from the University of Southern California .
per:spouse(e2,e1)	Aishwarya Rai	Bachchan	Married to actress and former Miss World Aishwarya Rai Bachchan comes from an illustrious Bollywood family .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	He	Netherlands	He served as Prime Minister of the Netherlands from 3 September 1940 until 24 June 1945 .
org:city_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Minneapolis	University of Minnesota	MinneBar '08 is going to be held on Saturday May 10th at Coffmann Union on the Minneapolis campus of the University of Minnesota .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	Webbie	Baton Rouge	Webbie was born in Baton Rouge Louisiana .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Aston University	Birmingham	- Please send completed applications to : Ms Julie Taylor Research Office Administrator School of Life and Health Sciences Aston University Aston Triangle Birmingham B4 7ET United Kingdom .
org:alternate_names(e1,e2)	7th Independent Battery Wisconsin Light Artillery	Artillery	The 7th Independent Battery Wisconsin Light Artillery nicknamed the Badger State Flying Artillery was an artillery battery that served in the Union Army during the American Civil War .
org:top_members/employees(e2,e1)	Jeff Halper	ICAHD	In 2006 the American Friends Service Committee a non-profit advocacy group that won the Nobel Peace Prize in 1947 nominated Jeff Halper for the Nobel Peace Prize due to his ICAHD-related work citing ICAHD 's work to liberate both the Palestinian and the Israeli people from the yoke of structural violence and to build equality between their people by recognizing and celebrating their common humanity .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Peruvians	Moreno	The Peruvians were playing to all sides in the civil dispute ; on August 31 1859 Castilla betrayed his commitment to Moreno and came to an agreement with Franco that resulted in the end of the blockade of Guayaquil .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Newman	Bayonne	Newman a banker was president of the Mechanics Trust Fund and the Bayonne Mutual Building and Loan Association .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Jamaica	Alexander Bustamante	Gladys Bustamante OJ ( 8 March 1912 25 July 2009 ) was a Jamaican workers ' and women's rights activist and the widow of Jamaica 's first Prime Minister Sir Alexander Bustamante .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	California	GreenNote	Carmina Alvarado a graduate student at Santa Clara University in California raised $ for summer school through GreenNote a two-month-old company that helps students secure private loans by tapping into their social circles .
org:founded_by(e1,e2)	Plan	John Langdon-Davies	Plan was founded during the Spanish Civil War by British journalist John Langdon-Davies and aid worker Eric Muggeridge .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Sam the Record Man	Canada	HMV has also been cited as a contributor to the decline and eventual bankruptcy of two other major Canadian chains Sam the Record Man and Music World ( HMV in Canada was created by EMI Music Canada 's buyout of the faltering Mister Sound chain in the late 1980s . ) .
per:cities_of_residence(e2,e1)	Taipei	Ma Ying-jeou	The orchestra toured in Beijing Shanghai Shenzhen Taipei and Kaohsiung and has won generous praise from officials including Jia Qinglin Ma Ying-jeou and Lien Chan who were all present at the concert .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Yehude Simon	Peru	She is an extraordinary woman Yehude Simon Peru 's prime minister said simply .
org:top_members/employees(e1,e2)	ARRIS	chief executive	In the presentation ARRIS Group Inc. chief executive Robert Stanzione downloaded a 30-second 300-megabyte television commercial in a few seconds and watched it long before a standard modem worked through an estimated download time of 16 minutes .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Lowe	USA	Lowe ended her career with a perfect day at the plate going 4/4 off USA Softball Collegiate Player of The Year Monica Abbott .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Israel	Bar-Ilan University	In any case the cooperation is a sensitive topic in India said Efraim Inbar a security specialist at Israel 's Bar-Ilan University .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Maxime Verhagen	Netherlands	After Bouterse's election Dutch Foreign Minister Maxime Verhagen said the Netherlands would restrict contacts with him to functional necessities and stressed that Suriname's leader will not be welcome in Holland unless it is to serve his prison sentence .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Lon Nol	Khmer Republic	All declined except for Saukham Khoy successor to Lon Nol as President of the Khmer Republic who left without telling his fellow leaders.Dunham p. 114 .
per:cities_of_residence(e2,e1)	Hollywood	Orson	also befriended Hollywood movie star Orson Welles whose ashes were buried on estate after Welles's death .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	California	Hospital	California Takes Step to Revoke Hospital 's License .
org:city_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Van Nuys	MGA Entertainment	Although the Barbie line still claims the mantle of No. 1 fashion doll it has lost considerable market share to Bratz dolls from Van Nuys Calif.-based MGA Entertainment Inc .
org:founded(e1,e2)	Netscape	1994	Andreessen a Facebook board member thinks technologists like the leaders of Google are more likely to rise to the challenge than media companies still fighting to protect franchises born before he helped simplify Web surfing by co-founding Netscape Communications in 1994 .
org:members(e2,e1)	Arkansas State Red Wolves	Division I	It has been home to the Arkansas State Red Wolves college baseball team of the Division I Sun Belt Conference since 1993 .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	Oxford University Press	University of Oxford	The Oxford Journal of Legal Studies is a legal journal published by Oxford University Press on behalf of the Faculty of Law University of Oxford .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Hekmatyar	Afghanistan	Hekmatyar is believed to be hiding in eastern Afghanistan or Pakistan while leading his Hizb-i-Islami ( Islamic Party ) faction .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	New Zealand	Helen Clark	The spouses group -- nine women as well as Peter Davis the husband of New Zealand Prime Minister Helen Clark -- also ate at a restaurant overlooking the beach .
per:title(e2,e1)	actress	Salma Hayek	The film includes conversations with a broad range of Los Angeles figures from actress Salma Hayek and businessman/philanthropist Eli Broad to author and essayist Richard Rodriguez and Cardinal Roger Mahony .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Mt. Edgecumbe High School	Sitka	In addition the state operates a boarding school Mt. Edgecumbe High School in Sitka ; and provides partial funding for other boarding schools including Nenana Student Living Center in Nenana and The Galena Interior Learning Academy in Galena .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Zijin Mining	China	The Zijinshan Copper Mine is owned by Hong Kong-listed Zijin Mining Group Co. ( OOTC : ZIJMY ) China 's largest gold producer .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	VNPT	MobiFone	VMS a subsidiary of the state-owned Vietnam Posts and Telecommunications Group ( VNPT ) running a big mobile phone network in Vietnam named MobiFone is likely to sell a maxim of 20 percent of its shares to foreign investors according to local newspaper Youth on Thursday .
org:city_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Atlanta	the Weather Channel	When I was in Atlanta in 1986 I was able to tour the TNT network building and see the CNN channel and the Weather Channel being broadcast live .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Jeanne III of Navarre	France	Surrounding the central green space are about twenty figures of historical French queens and female saints commissioned by Louis-Philippe in 1848 standing on pedestals including statues of Jeanne III of Navarre Blanche of Castile Anne of Austria Louise of Savoy and Anne of France .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Drum Workshop	Oxnard	Drum Workshop ( also known as DW Drums or simply DW ) is a drum and hardware manufacturing company based in Oxnard California .
org:alternate_names(e2,e1)	China	CNOOC	Incorporated in Hong Kong the company is the listed unit of the country's third largest oil producer China National Offshore Oil Corp. ( CNOOC ) .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Gustav Heinemann	Germany	Her father Gustav Heinemann was an SPD politician and president of Germany 1969 74 .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Indonesia	Megawati	The choice of Prabowo 57 stunned many in Indonesia given his confessed role in the kidnapping of democracy activists in 1998 some of them Megawati supporters .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	NEGS	Anglican	In 1907 NEGS was purchased by the Anglican diocese and a school Council was appointed .
per:cities_of_residence(e2,e1)	New York City	Andy Warhol	By the time Lee was 14 years old he won many art awards in school and during his down time he would sneak off to the village in New York City after school to be in the surroundings of Andy Warhol Keith Haring and Jean Michel Basquiat .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Frank Lautenberg	New Jersey	What made this dreadful crash all the more tragic was that it might have been avoided said Sen. Frank Lautenberg of New Jersey the bill's author .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Jawaharlal Nehru	India	His mother was Indira Gandhi the country's longest-serving prime minister and his grandfather was Jawaharlal Nehru India 's first prime minister .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	John L. Mitchell	Milwaukee	Born in Nice France to John L. Mitchell a wealthy Wisconsin senator and his wife Harriet Mitchell grew up on an estate in what is now the Milwaukee suburb of West Allis Wisconsin .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	England	the police	An Act to consolidate certain enactments relating to police forces in Scotland and to the execution of warrants in the border counties of England and Scotland and to repeal certain provisions relating to the police in Scotland which have ceased to have any effect .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	college	California	Though many students commute to the college from their homes the college is one of the few California Community Colleges with a dormitory .
org:founded(e1,e2)	Vodafone AirTouch	4	Verizon Wireless was composed of Bell Atlantic's and Vodafone AirTouch 's U.S. wireless assets and began operations on 4 April 2000 .
no_relation	France	Laurent Fabius	This led to the creation of Radio Riposte by the Parti Socialiste ( Socialist Party of France ) in 1979 and the arrest of Mitterrand and Laurent Fabius .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	Glenn Gould	Toronto	As part of the Glenn Gould Prize each Laureate is asked to select an outstanding young musician with the promise of an exceptional lifetime contribution to the art from anywhere in the world to receive the City of Toronto Glenn Gould Prize .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	league	USSF	The league is sanctioned by the United States Adult Soccer Association as an affiliate of the United States Soccer Federation ( USSF ) .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Guatemala	Vinicio Cerezo	Cerezo was born in Guatemala City the son of the Supreme Court judge Marco Vinicio Cerezo Sierra and came from a well-known liberal family .
per:title(e1,e2)	Johnny Rzeznik	guitarist	John Joseph Theodore Rzeznik ( pronounced REZ-nik ) ( born December 5 1965 ) also known as Johnny Rzeznik is an American guitarist vocalist songwriter and producer .
org:members(e2,e1)	Lee High School	Clinch Mountain District	The district dissolved in 2007 after two of its members Lee High School and Virginia High dropped to Group A with the formation of the Clinch Mountain District which prompted Abingdon High School and Marion High School to move to the Southwest District .
per:alternate_names(e1,e2)	Meryl Streep	Mary Louise Streep	Meryl Streep ( born Mary Louise Streep ; June 22 1949 ) is an American actress who has worked in theater television and film .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	Wellington Webb	Denver	was appointed by Mayor Wellington Webb to his cabinet as Manager of Denver Parks and Recreation in June 2001 .
org:alternate_names(e2,e1)	Bezeq	Yes	Bezeq is also the largest shareholder in D.B.S. Satellite Services ( 1998 ) Ltd. known by its trademark name Yes the satellite ( DBS ) television provider in Israel .
no_relation	Washington	1999	Marion Barry - Democrat - mayor of Washington D.C. from 1979 to 1991 and again from 1995 to 1999 .
per:origin(e1,e2)	Joan	Dominican	Joan ( born May 1 1976 ) is a Dominican professional boxer who was the WBO's super bantamweight and super featherweight champion .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	Plze?	f Work	Initially he worked at Plze? ?as a head of motor engine department and then he transferred to the Prague branch o f Work s .
per:title(e1,e2)	Amy Adams	actress	But the film belongs to Amy Adams the actress that brought the film out of obscurity with her Oscar nomination .
no_relation	Sault Ste. Marie	Roberta Bondar	In her hometown of Sault Ste. Marie the Roberta Bondar Park pavilion bears her name as does the marina beside the park and the Ontario government building at 70 Foster Drive .
no_relation	NASA	Space Administration	The NASA Astrobiology Institute ( NAI ) was established in 1998 by the National Aeronautics and Space Administration ( NASA ) to develop the field of astrobiology and provide a scientific framework for flight missions .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Loughborough High School	Leicestershire	Loughborough High School is a selective independent fee-paying independent school for girls in Loughborough Leicestershire England .
org:members(e2,e1)	Virginia Commonwealth University	Division I	The 2004 VCU Rams men's soccer team represented Virginia Commonwealth University in all 2004 NCAA Division I men's college soccer competitions .
org:alternate_names(e2,e1)	Hartford City	Blackford High School	Hartford City High School was consolidated into Blackford High School in 1969 and over the next 40 years Blackford won 10 sectionals .
org:alternate_names(e1,e2)	U.S. Lecce	Lecce	In 2001 he was signed by U.S. Lecce and made his debut match in Italian Serie A on August 27 2001 against Parma a game which Lecce drew 1-1 .
no_relation	2006	the Monkees	In the liner notes for Rhino's 2006 Deluxe Edition CD reissue of More of the Monkees Kirshner stated controlled the group because I had a contract .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	David Civera	Spain	David Civera got the highest amount of points from the jury and the audience and was proclaimed winner and entrant for Spain at the Eurovision Song Contest 2001 .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	band	Australia	The band have been performing at Australia clubs and festivals over the 2006/2007 including shows in Federation Square in Melbourne and The Kiss My Grass festival at The Music Bowl In Melbourne .
org:alternate_names(e2,e1)	WCBE	Columbus City Schools	The WCBE call sign represents the station's licensee the Columbus Board of Education ( Columbus City Schools ) .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Motown	Brenda Holloway	Every Little Bit Hurts was originally a 1964 hit single for Motown soul singer Brenda Holloway written by Ed Cobb .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Ho Chi Minh	Vietnam	She was vice president from 2002 to 2007 after holding various party and government positions in Hanoi and Ho Chi Minh City and being involved in the Vietnam War.Gainsborough 2010 60 Ms Hoa was party secretary and People's Committee chairman of district of Ho Chi Minh City from 1986 to 1991 before continuing her career at the centre .
org:alternate_names(e1,e2)	Liberal Party	Partido Liberal	The Liberal Party of Honduras ( Spanish : Partido Liberal de Honduras ) is a center-right liberal political party in Honduras that was founded in 1891 .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Peru	Alberto Fujimori	Japan extended the aid despite strained relations over Peru 's former president Alberto Fujimori .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	MegaFon	Moscow	December2008 the extraordinary General Shareholders Meeting of MegaFon took a resolution on reorganization of MegaFon OJSC in the form of its merger with Sonic Duo CJSC ( Moscow ) Ural GSM CJSC ( Yekaterinburg ) Mobicom-Kavkaz CJSC ( Krasnodar ) Mobicom-Center CJSC Mobicom-Novosibirsk CJSC Mobicom-Khabarovsk CJSC MCS-Povolzhie OJSC .
per:country_of_birth(e1,e2)	He	Czechoslovakia	He returned to Czechoslovakia in early 1969 .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Worksop College	Nottinghamshire	Both of the Buckners attended Worksop College a public school located in North Nottinghamshire .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	her	Verve	This is Fitzgerald's fifth and final collaboration with Riddle during her years on the Verve label .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Higuchi	Congress	Higuchi 57 is also a member of Peru's Congress .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Fiji	Josefa Iloilo	Fiji 's reinstated President Ratu Josefa Iloilo said Thursday he supported last month's military coup and would help get immunity for members of the armed forces .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	Art Hodes	Chicago	She began appearing on radio and in clubs and concerts in New York including in 1948 the Carnegie Hall concert with Kid Ory and she sang at the Paris Jazz Festival and worked with Art Hodes in Chicago .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	al-Bashir	Sudan	President al-Bashir 's government is dominated by members of Sudan 's National Islamic Front ( NIF ) a fundamentalist political organization formed from the Muslim Brotherhood in 1986 ; in 1998 the NIF created the National Congress as its legal front ; the National Congress/NIF dominates much of Khartoum's overall domestic and foreign policies ; President al-Bashir named a new cabinet on April 20 1996 which includes members of the National Islamic Front serving and retired military officers and civilian technocrats ; on March 8 1998 he reshuffled the cabinet and brought in several former rebel and opposition members as ministers ; he reshuffled his cabinet again on January 24 2000 but announced few changes .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	General Motors	Vauxhall	General Motors Corp. said Thursday sales of its Opel and Vauxhall brands dropped over 6 percent in Europe during the first nine months of the year as the global economic downturn hit consumer spending .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Sparrow Records	Margaret Becker	In 1976 he formed his own label Sparrow Records the label behind musicians Keith Green John Michael Talbot and Margaret Becker .
org:city_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	South San Francisco	Genentech	The rejection comes nearly a month after Roche offered $ 89 per share for the rest of South San Francisco California-based Genentech .
no_relation	Russian Liberation Army	German	In 1944 he agreed to collaborate with the Germans and Bychkov co-founded the 1st Aircraft Regiment of the Committee of Liberation Movement of People of Russia under the auspices of Russian Liberation Army ( ROA ) and was awarded the German Ostvolk Medal 2nd class with swords .
per:country_of_birth(e1,e2)	Ahmad Shah Durrani	Afghanistan	Ahmad Shah Durrani ( of present day Afghanistan ) approached Punjab in 1760 and defeated Dattaji Shinde in battle of Burari Ghat near modern day Delhi dattaji was also killed in battle.To counter this Raghunathrao was supposed to go north to handle the situation .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Francesco Cossiga	Italy	Former Italian President Francesco Cossiga [ who revealed the existence of Operation Gladio http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Operation_Gladio] has told Italy 's oldest and most widely read newspaper that the 9-11 terrorist attacks were run by the CIA and Mossad and that this was common knowledge among global intelligence agencies .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Community High School	Illinois	Community High School also known as West Chicago Community High School WCCHS or simply WE-GO is a public four-year high school located in West Chicago Illinois a western suburb of Chicago Illinois in the United States .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Vietnam	Ho Chi Minh	With the outcome of the Vietnam War still in question Ho Chi Minh died at 9:47 a.m. on the morning of 2 September 1969 from heart failure at his home in Hanoi aged 79 .
per:country_of_birth(e1,e2)	Hekmatyar	Afghanistan	Hekmatyar leads a militant faction blamed along with Taliban and al-Qaida fighters for an intensifying insurgency in Afghanistan despite the presence of an expanding number of foreign troops .
per:origin(e2,e1)	English	Ian Dury	David ' Davey ' Payne ( born 11 August 1944 Willesden North West London ) is an English saxophonist best known as a member of Ian Dury 's backing band The Blockheads and his twin saxophone solo on their 1978 UK # 1 single Hit Me with Your Rhythm Stick .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	Christa McAuliffe	New Hampshire	This Week's Birthdays : Christa McAuliffe ( September 2 1948 ) - Born Sharon Christa Corrigan she was an American teacher from New Hampshire who was selected from over applicants to be the first teacher in space .
per:cities_of_residence(e2,e1)	Louisville	McConnell	On the same day in late July that Louisville 's Courier-Journal ran a column about McConnell 's dip in popularity ( below 50 percent approval ) the Herald-Leader in Lexington ran a story sixteen months before the election titled McConnell Vulnerable .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Versailles	Hizaki	The discography of Versailles a Japanese visual kei metal band formed in 2007 by vocalist Kamijo and guitarist Hizaki .
org:alternate_names(e1,e2)	school	St. Paul School	In 2006 the school renamed its newly renovated auditorium for Mrs. Jean Patterson the principal of St. Paul School from 1994-2005 .
org:members(e2,e1)	Minnesota Golden Gophers	Division I	The Minnesota Golden Gophers are a Division I college wrestling team based in Minneapolis Minnesota .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Girlicious	Natalie Mejia	The music video for Give Me Everything was directed by David Roulsseau and features an appearance by Miss Haiti 2010 Sarodj Bertin former Girlicious Member Natalie Mejia Cheetah Girls ' singer Adrienne Bailon and Russian model Eva Skaya .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Nicaragua	Daniel Ortega	Nicaragua President Daniel Ortega said March 6 2008 that the nation is breaking relations with Colombia in solidarity with the Ecuadoran people following the 2008 Andean diplomatic crisis .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Ron Brown	Commerce	Lauri Fitz-Pegado the head of Kuwait campaign had worked for Ron Brown who became the Secretary of Commerce in the Clinton administration .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	He	Tasmania	He was Labor Premier of Tasmania from 1923 to 1928 and a Minister in the James Scullin government from 1929 until his resignation from the Labor Party in March 1931 .
no_relation	Caruana	Gibraltar	But a year ago Caruana reached a deal to resolve thorny issues stemming from the long dispute over Gibraltar while sidestepping the main one -- Spain's claim to the Rock's sovereignty .
no_relation	1911	Porto	Thus in 1852 the minister created the Instituto Industrial de Lisboa ( Lisbon Industrial Institute ) which awarded higher education degrees between 1898 and 1911 and the Escola Industrial do Porto ( Porto Industrial School ) which a decade later was also declared an Institute and awarded higher education degrees between 1905 and 1918 .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Touch	Butthole Surfers	After its genesis as a handmade fanzine in 1979 it grew into one of the key record labels in the American 1980s underground and alternative rock scenes Touch Go carved out a reputation for releasing adventurous noise rock by the likes of the Butthole Surfers Big Black and The Jesus Lizard .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Canadian Forces	Canada	The 2 Canadian Forces Flying Training School ( 2 CFFTS ) at CFB Moose Jaw trains over 150 pilots every year through the NATO Flying Training in Canada ( NFTC ) program for Canada's Air Force .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Blockhead	New York	James Anthony Tony Simon better known by his stage name Blockhead is an American hip hop producer based in Manhattan New York .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Mitch McConnell	Kentucky	And an endowment at the University of Louisville intended as a tribute to Sen. Mitch McConnell of Kentucky the Republican majority leader has received hundreds of thousands of dollars from a military contractor that later got a $ 12 million earmark sponsored by the senator .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	FK Rg	n Virslig	In 2007 FK Rg a achieved its best result i n Virslig a so far by finishing 3rd as the highest placed club from Riga .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	PGE	Oregon	By 1945 PGE derived nearly $ in revenue from the two Kaiser shipyards in Oregon .
no_relation	Canadian Broadcasting Corporation	Radio-Canada	The following are lists of assets of the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation and la Radio-Canada : Sirius radio stations owned by CBC : CBC Radio Canada WAP and SMS messaging services : delivering interactive content to PDAs and cell phones .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Veterans Affairs	Jim Nicholson	U.S. Secretary of Veterans Affairs ( VA ) Jim Nicholson announced on Tuesday that he has submitted his resignation to President George W. Bush effective no later than October 1 .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	his	Treasury	Kate worked behind the scenes to foster her father's calculated efforts to wrest the 1864 Republican Party nomination for President from Lincoln but the plot blew up in Chase's face when it became public requiring Chase to settle back into his Treasury Secretary position .
no_relation	General	de San	Ferrocarril General San ( FCGSM ) named after the former Argentine general de San was one of the six state-owned Argentine railway companies formed after President Juan nationalisation of the railway network in 1948 .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	He	Denmark	He served as the Prime Minister of Denmark in 1853-1854 .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	Lauper	New York	Lorne Michaels ( Broadway Video SNL ) another of Hoffman's clients agreed to give Lauper free run of his brand new million-dollar digital editing equipment with which she and her producer created several first-time-ever computer generated images of Lauper dancing with her buttoned-up lawyer leading the entire cast in a snake-dance through New York streets and ending up in Lauper's bedroom in her home .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Louisiana College	Louisiana	The GCAC was established in 1981 with the following charter institutions : Belhaven College Dillard University Louisiana College Spring Hill College Tougaloo College William Carey University and Xavier University of Louisiana .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Kevin Drew	Broken Social Scene	His seventh annual Andy Kim Christmas Show at Toronto's Phoenix Concert Theatre benefitting Jullette's Place featured Kevin Drew and Brendan Canning from Broken Social Scene Sam Roberts Arkells Lights Dru Sean Cullen Ron Sexsmith Honeymoon Suite Sarah Harmer and Emma-Lee .
org:alternate_names(e1,e2)	Amsterdam	Amsterdam	The foundation of AUC goes back to an initiative of the two large universities in Amsterdam University of Amsterdam ( UvA ) and Vrije Universiteit Amsterdam ( VU ) as well as the municipality .
per:title(e1,e2)	Gena Rowlands	actress	Cassavetes comes from a family of filmmakers : her father John Cassavetes an actor screenwriter and director ; her mother Gena Rowlands an actress ; her brother Nick Cassavetes an actor and director ; her sister Alexandra Cassavetes an actress ; and her grandmother Katherine Cassavetes an actress .
org:alternate_names(e2,e1)	Infantry Division	104th Division	The 104th Infantry Division 's original headquarters element was first constituted on 24 June 1921 as the 104th Division before being organized and activated in October of that year in Salt Lake City Utah.Wilson p. 608 .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	he	Royal Society	In 1724 he became a member of the French Academy of Sciences and in 1740 a fellow of the Royal Society .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Richard Thompson	Fairport Convention	Richard Thompson had left Fairport Convention in 1971 with a considerable reputation as an electric guitar soloist .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Jiwaji University	Gwalior	Shrestha received a Bachelor of Ayurvedic Medicine and Surgery ( B.A.M.S. ) from the Jiwaji University ( Gwalior India ) a Certificate of Ayurveda Medicine and Surgery ( CAMS ) from the Tribhuvan University ( Kathmandu Nepal ) and in 1993 received a Medical Doctor in Ayurveda from the Benares Hindu University ( Varanasi India ) .
org:members(e2,e1)	FTD	Interflora	On July 31 2006 FTD Inc. announced its acquisition of Interflora Holdings a UK-based sister co-operative that offered the FTD network in Britain and Ireland under the Interflora brand .
no_relation	Columbia	Cliff Richard	The loss of American Columbia product had forced English Columbia to groom its own talent such as Russ Conway Acker Bilk John Barry Cliff Richard The Shadows Helen Shapiro Frank Ifield Rolf Harris Freddie and the Dreamers The Dave Clark Five Shirley Bassey Frankie Vaughan Des O'Connor Ken Dodd The Animals Herman's Hermits Gerry and the Pacemakers The Seekers The Yardbirds and Pink Floyd .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Shapour Bakhtiar	Iran	French officials believe Ahmadinejad was referring to Iranian national Ali Vakili Rad jailed in France for the 1991 murder in Paris of Shapour Bakhtiar Iran 's last prime minister under the shah and Majid Kakavand .
org:top_members/employees(e1,e2)	Motorola	Sanjay Jha	Motorola names Sanjay Jha head of handset division .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	winner	Ontario	The winner was David Orazietti of the Ontario Liberal Party .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Webster University	Missouri	After burying his father with the intent of finishing school he enrolled at Webster University in Webster Groves Missouri after a scout called him and asked him to come play soccer there .
org:alternate_names(e1,e2)	Het Nieuwsblad	Corelio	Major Dutch-language daily newspapers in 2008 are Het Laatste Nieuws ( De Persgroep ) ( 30.96 % ) Het Nieuwsblad ( Corelio ) ( 27.04 % ) Gazet van Antwerpen ( Concentra ) ( 11.27 % ) Het Belang van Limburg ( Concentra ) ( 10.71 % ) De Standaard ( Corelio ) ( 9.95 % ) De Morgen ( De Persgroep ) ( 5.99 % ) and De Tijd ( Mediafin ) ( 4.08 % ) .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	KMT	Ma Ying-jeou	As Minister of Justice from 1993 to 1996 former Taipei mayor and KMT Party Chairman Ma Ying-jeou is credited with attempts to fight black gold corruption and bring KMT out of corruption and his removal from office by the KMT was widely attributed to him being too effective at fighting black gold .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Chester Bennington	Arizona	Chester Bennington the lead vocalist of Linkin Park Bob Stubbs a former member and drummer of the band Social Distortion lives in Arizona and mash-up artist DJ Z-Trip are both from Phoenix .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Sophie Harris	England	Sophie Harris still in England married the actor and director George Devine ( ca. 1910-1966 ) with whom she formed a relationship after the OUDS Romeo and Juliet .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	Papercranes	Gainesville	Papercranes was formed in 2003 in Gainesville Florida by actress/singer Rain Phoenix .
per:country_of_birth(e2,e1)	Bolivia	Morales	Bolivia ' s Morales sworn in to term No. 2 .
org:founded(e1,e2)	Washington State University	1890	Washington State University Spokane ( WSU Spokane ) is the urban branch campus of Washington State University a land-grant research university founded in 1890 in Spokane Washington .
no_relation	Burnsville High School	400	Burnsville High School originally opened in 1957 as a K-12 school with an initial enrollment of about 400 students .
org:founded(e2,e1)	1982	Austin Rover Group	By 1982 the BL Cars Ltd division renamed itself Austin Rover Group shortly before the launch of the Maestro .
per:title(e1,e2)	Byron Stingily	singer	This allowed the opportunity to join Mike Dunn and Byron Stingily also from the Chicago house scene in the Deep Soul production company as singer songwriter and producer .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	John Cabot University	Rome	John Cabot University is located in Rome Italy in the neighborhood of Trastevere .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	United States	his	In 1984 President of the United States Ronald Reagan named Stuart United States Ambassador to Norway ; Ambassador Stuart presented his credentials on October 16 1984 and would serve as ambassador until July 17 1989 .
per:title(e2,e1)	guitarist	Izzy Stradlin	Former Guns N ' Roses guitarist Izzy Stradlin was initially involved but left after the others decided to find a lead singer .
org:founded(e1,e2)	ShortList	20 September 2007	ShortList is a free weekly magazine published in the United Kingdom which launched on 20 September 2007 .
no_relation	He	1975	He was also Vice Chairman of the People's Republic of China from 1959 until 1975 jointly with Soong Ching-ling .
per:origin(e1,e2)	She	Canadian	She was the Liberal candidate for the Canadian House of Commons in the riding of Acadie Bathurst in the 2006 federal election but finished second to Yvon Godin of the New Democratic Party .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	South Korea	Lee Myung-bak	South Korea 's President-elect Lee Myung-bak said Thursday he would seek to achieve a nuclear-free Korean peninsula and strengthen Seoul's alliance with the United States .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	EOKA	Cyprus	Evagoras Pallikarides ( 26 February 1938 14 March 1957 ) was a member of EOKA during the 1955 1959 campaign against British rule in Cyprus .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Bob Jones University	Greenville	Bob Jones University also bought WAVO in Atlanta but later sold it in order to focus its efforts on the Greenville station .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Karolos Papoulias	Greece	Visiting Chinese President Hu Jintao met his Greek counterpart Karolos Papoulias in Athens Monday for talks on deepening the comprehensive strategic partnership between China and Greece .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	Let Loose	London	Let Loose are a British pop/rock trio featuring Richie Wermerling ( born Richard John Wermerling 11 May 1968 in Whitechapel London ) on lead vocals and keyboards Rob Jeffrey ( born Robert George Edward Jeffrey 30 November 1967 in Romford Essex ) on guitars and backing vocals and Lee J. Murray ( born 14 May 1970 in Edgware Middlesex ) on drums percussion and backing vocals .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Colorado	Colorado State University	An estimated cattle are believed to have died on rangeland in six southeastern Colorado counties alone said Leonard Pruett the region's agriculture extension agent for Colorado State University .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Robert Wood Johnson Medical School	New Brunswick	As a genetic counselor I 've been waiting for this for a really long time said Elena Ashkinadze who does prenatal genetic counseling at the Robert Wood Johnson Medical School in New Brunswick N.J .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Aiken Preparatory School	South Carolina	He was educated at the Lawrence School in New York City the Aiken Preparatory School in Aiken South Carolina St. Paul's School in New Hampshire and Yale University .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Petronas	Malaysia	Petronas -- Malaysia 's only Fortune 500 company -- contributes almost half the country's budget revenues .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Democratic Rally	Cyprus	The Democratic Rally ( ) is a conservative and Christian-democratic political party in Cyprus led by Nicos Anastasiades the president of the Republic of Cyprus .
no_relation	I	2000	I should have also mentioned that in 1999 and 2000 I argued that it was a waste to broadcast OTA HDTV since we were squeezing in too much data with an inefficient codec and a modulation that could not carry enough data 19.34 Mbps for HD .
per:alternate_names(e2,e1)	Antony	Antony and the Johnsons	Little Annie's album Songs from the Coalmine Canary was co-produced by Antony Hegarty of Antony and the Johnsons and Joe Budenholzer of Backworld .
per:spouse(e1,e2)	Somers	Alan Hamel	One of them was owned by Somers the 60-year-old actress who returned from an out-of-town trip with her husband former game - show host Alan Hamel and found her home and jet-black Jaguar destroyed .
org:founded(e1,e2)	MyNetworkTV	September 5 2006	In response to the merger News Corporation ( the owner of Fox ) launched another network called MyNetworkTV on September 5 2006 .
no_relation	His	Modesto Quizon	His father was Melencio E. Quizon a ship engine worker in the Atlantic Gulf and Pacific Company of Manila and the son of Modesto Quizon Sr. and Adorable Salud Quizon ( Espinosa ) .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Dire Straits	Warner Bros	Making Movies is the third album by British rock band Dire Straits released on 17 October 1980 by Vertigo Records internationally and by Warner Bros .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Max Baucus	Montana	The legislation also includes language by Sen. Max Baucus a Democrat from Montana that would allow state and local governments to issue bonds to help conservation organizations buy private lands .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Pakistan	Geo TV	Pakistan 's law enforcement agencies have captured a person suspected of carrying out Lahore blast from the southwestern Balochistan province private Geo TV channel reported on Sunday .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Nepal	Prachanda	Nepali Congress ( NC ) Vice President Ram Chandra Poudel and Unified Communist Party of Nepal ( Maoist ) ( UCPN-M ) Chairman Prachanda are vying for the position .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Kowloon Motor Bus	Hong Kong	The Kowloon Motor Bus Company ( 1933 ) Limited ( KMB ; ) a company of the Transport International Holdings Limited is the largest franchised bus operators in Hong Kong and one of the largest privately owned public bus operators in the world .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Dire Straits	Vertigo	Brothers in Arms is the fifth studio album by British rock band Dire Straits released on 13 May 1985 by Vertigo Records internationally and by Warner Bros .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Prachanda	Nepal	Lawmakers are voting for Prachanda 's rival Ramchandra Paudel Vice-Chairman of the second largest party Nepali Congress ( NC ) for his sixth attempt to be elected as 34th prime minister of Nepal .
no_relation	State	Thomas DiNapoli	Other Democrats joining de Blasio in the coalition are Illinois Gov. Pat Quinn ; Pennsylvania Treasurer Rob McCord ; Los Angeles Controller Wendy Greuel ; New York State Comptroller Thomas DiNapoli and North Carolina Treasurer Janet Cowell .
org:members(e2,e1)	the Stampeders	Canada	The first hockey game was held at the Corral on December 26 as the Stampeders defeated the Edmonton Flyers 5 0 in a Western Canada Senior Hockey League game before a standing-room-only crowd of .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Nepal	Prachanda	Ian Martin the chief of the U.N. Mission in Nepal said he had urged Prachanda 54 to rein in his young supporters .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	The Libertines	London	The Libertines also went on a widely-acclaimed UK tour in March 2004 that included three more consecutive sold-out dates in London this time at Brixton Academy .
org:members(e2,e1)	98th Guards Airborne Division	Russian Airborne Troops	It was confirmed by the Russian Ministry of Defence's press service that units of the Ivanovo-based 98th Guards Airborne Division of the Russian Airborne Troops and Spetsnaz from the Moscow-based 45th Detached Reconnaissance Regiment would be moved to the conflict area .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	Empire of Japan	Imperial Japanese Army	The more popularly known as the Ministry of War of Japan was cabinet-level ministry in the Empire of Japan charged with the administrative affairs of the Imperial Japanese Army ( IJA ) .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	ITN	ITV News Channel	Thomas worked for many years at ITN presenting the now defunct ITV News Channel the networked ITV Morning News and the regional ITV programme London Tonight .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Burundi	Pierre Nkurunziza	The new penal law overwhelmingly passed by Burundi 's MPs still needs to be approved by the senate and promulgated by President Pierre Nkurunziza both steps seen as a formality .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	American Champion	Rochester	American Champion Aircraft Corporation located in Rochester Wisconsin is a manufacturer of general aviation aircraft .
org:top_members/employees(e1,e2)	USC	Steven B. Sample	Carroll earned $ 4.4 million in total compensation four times as much as USC President Steven B. Sample according to the Chronicle of Higher Education .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Jean Charest	Progressive Conservatives	During that time Jean Charest stepped down as leader of the Progressive Conservatives and former Prime Minister Joe Clark took over the party and opposed any union with the Reform Party .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Communication Workers Union	South Africa	The labour court judge Honourable Acting Justice Rampai reserved his judgment on the matter between Vodacom South Africa vs. Communication Workers Union of the Republic of South Africa .
per:spouse(e1,e2)	Barack Obama	Michelle Obama	She serves as Assistant to President Barack Obama ; Chief of Staff to First Lady Michelle Obama ; and Executive Director of the White House Council on Women and Girls .
no_relation	Ryti	Finland	The most difficult post to fill was that of Foreign Minister for which Ryti and Mannerheim first thought of Finland 's ambassador to London G. A. Gripenberg but as he believed himself to be too unpopular in Berlin Rolf Witting who was less British-oriented and more suitable to achieve improved relations with Nazi Germany and the Soviet Union was selected .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Vitasoy	Hong Kong	Vitasoy was founded by Dr. Kwee Seong Lo ( 1910 1995 ) on March 9 1940 in Hong Kong with door-to-door delivery of the milk alternative .
org:alternate_names(e2,e1)	Ashmun Institute	Lincoln University	In 1866 Ashmun Institute was renamed Lincoln University after the assassination of President Abraham Lincoln .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Unsane	Relapse Records	Blood Run is Unsane 's fifth studio album released in 2005 through Relapse Records .
no_relation	Methodist	Australia	In 1977 a Union of the Congregational Methodist and Presbyterian Churches took place forming the Uniting Church of Australia .
per:title(e2,e1)	Prime Minister	Gordon Brown	A new book by political journalist Andrew Rawnsley paints British Prime Minister Gordon Brown as a lonely angry and abusive man who throws temper tantrums and terrorizes his staff .
org:alternate_names(e2,e1)	Universitas Islam Indonesia	UII	The Islamic University of Indonesia ( Indonesian : Universitas Islam Indonesia or UII ) is a private university located in Yogyakarta Indonesia .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Prime Minister	Nepal	On June 6 2006 then Prime Minister Girija Prasad Koirala went to India for a four day visit seeking support from India for Nepal recent political changes .
per:title(e2,e1)	President	Chen Shui-bian	Taiwan court says it orders former President Chen Shui-bian detained on corruption charges .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Paramount Airways	India	Among business executives who met Silva Tuesday was M. Thiagarajan the Managing Director of Paramount Airways a new airline that mostly operates short-distance flights in southern India .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Jesse Brown	Veterans Affairs	Jesse Brown ( 1944 2002 ) was the United States Secretary of Veterans Affairs under President Bill Clinton from 1993 to 1997 .
no_relation	48	USSOCOM	The Mk 48 Mod 0 is currently in service with certain USSOCOM units such as the U.S. Navy SEALs and Army Rangers .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Huddersfield	England	Huddersfield railway station serves the town of Huddersfield in West Yorkshire England .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Cathedral High School	Indianapolis	Robert Vaden attended Cathedral High School and Pike High School in Indianapolis Indiana and Bridgton Academy in Bridgton Maine .
org:members(e2,e1)	Ontario Agricultural College	University of Guelph	From 1881 to 1884 he was a Professor of biology and horticulture at Ontario Agricultural College in the University of Guelph .
org:members(e2,e1)	Buffalo Bulls	Division I	The 2010 Buffalo Bulls football team represented the University at Buffalo in the 2010 NCAA Division I FBS football season .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	Anderson Community School Corporation	Highland High School	Anderson's public school district is the Anderson Community School Corporation which includes one high school Anderson High School which serves grades 9 - 12 ; one junior high school Highland Junior High School ( formerly Highland High School ) which serves grades 6 - 8 and four elementary schools ( Valley Grove 10th Street Erskine Anderson Elementary ) which serve k -5 .
per:origin(e1,e2)	Slobodan	l Croatia	The Serbian Party of Socialists was the branch in Croatia of Serbian President Slobodan ?s Socialist Party of Serbia which was created in the areas under the control of rebe l Croatia n Serbs ( so-called Republic of Serbian Krajina ) .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	of Ho Chi Mi	in Vietn	District 6 ( ) is an urban district ( qu?n ) of Ho Chi Mi nh City which is the largest city in Vietn am .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Liaquat Ali Khan	Pakistan	Rana Liaquat Ali Khan Government College of Home Economics is situated at Stadium Road in Gulshan-e-Iqbal in Karachi Sindh Pakistan .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	Cessna	Textron	Cessna 's parent company Textron will write-off US$ 43 million as a results of the cancellation .
no_relation	1996	vertex	20 ( 1996 ) 161-173 Dejter I. J. ; Guan P. Square-blocking edge subsets in hypercubes and vertex avoidance Graph theory combinatorics algorithms and applications ( San Francisco CA 1989 ) 162 174 SIAM Philadelphia PA 1991 Dejter I. J. ; Pujol J. Perfect domination and symmetry in hypercubes Proceedings of the Twenty-sixth Southeastern International Conference on Combinatorics Graph Theory and Computing ( Boca Raton FL 1995 ) .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Trenton Central High School	New Jersey	Trenton Central High School West is a four-year comprehensive public high school that serves students in ninth through twelfth grades from Trenton in Mercer County New Jersey United States operating as part of the Trenton Public Schools .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Pennsylvania	Pennsylvania Army National Guard	The Pennsylvania National Guard is composed of the Pennsylvania Army National Guard and the Pennsylvania Air National Guard .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Virginia Army National Guard	Virginia	In 1982 he was commissioned in the Virginia Army National Guard where he commanded the 116th Military History Detachment in Manassas Virginia as a captain and then as a major .
per:spouse(e2,e1)	Andrew Cuomo	Kerry Kennedy	His elder son Andrew Cuomo married Kerry Kennedy a daughter of Robert F. Kennedy and Ethel Skakel in June 1991 .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	Jackson	Chicago	Jackson a Chicago Democrat and son of civil rights leader the Rev. Jesse Jackson issued a Tuesday statement calling Nayak's allegation preposterous and reiterating that while he was interested in the Senate seat he did not engage in some improper scheme with anyone .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	University of Kassel	Kassel	Applications have to be sent to the President University of Kassel 34109 Kassel Germany by indicating the related position number .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	Discovery Communications	Discovery Channel	For two decades McHale helped building Discovery Communications the parent company of the Discovery Channel cable channel into a global media enterprise with 1.4 billion subscribers in 170 countries .
org:alternate_names(e2,e1)	SS-Obergruppenfuhrer	Waffen-SS	Franz Breithaupt ( 8 December 1880 April 29 1945 ) was a German SS-Obergruppenfuhrer und General der Waffen-SS who had fought in World War I and been awarded both classes of the Iron Cross .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	PDVSA	Citgo	Oil Minister Rafael Ramirez said Petroleos de Venezuela SA or PDVSA could sell some assets of its Houston-based subsidiary Citgo Petroleum Corp .
no_relation	Robert	Normandy	Henry then found himself in conflict with Louis VI of France who took the opportunity to declare Robert 's son William Clito the Duke of Normandy .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Scantraxx	The Prophet	Famous Scantraxx artists include the founder of the label The Prophet Headhunterz and many more .
no_relation	1991	Giselle	Osgood would remain on the job until June 1992 paired with Victoria Corderi ( April 1990 August 1991 ) Giselle ( to February 1992 ) and Meredith Vieira ( for the remainder of Osgood's term ) .
no_relation	Oscar Peterson	Verve	In addition to their great live and recorded work as the Oscar Peterson Trio this unit served as the virtual house rhythm section for Norman Granz's Verve Records supporting the likes of tenormen Ben Webster and Stan Getz as well as trumpeters Dizzy Gillespie Roy Eldridge and Sweets Edison and other jazz stalwarts .
org:members(e1,e2)	USA	Kraft Foods	Major Employers located in Horsham Centocor a Johnson Johnson subsidiary Janssen Pharmaceuticals a Johnson Johnson subsidiary Motorola Mobility Benjamin Obdyke Incorporated building materials manufacturer Toll Brothers corporate headquarters Bimbo Bakeries USA corporate headquarters SofterWare Inc. corporate headquarters Penn Mutual life insurance Kraft Foods Many other businesses offering local and regional services or retail interests also call Horsham their home .
per:origin(e2,e1)	Indonesian	Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono	Indonesia and the United States pledged closer cooperation in the fight against terror during a visit to Jakarta Tuesday by US President Barack Obama Indonesian President Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono said .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Manmohan Singh	India	Manmohan Singh said India will continue to show necessary flexibility and determination to achieve the objective of entering a free trade pact .
org:alternate_names(e1,e2)	University of Aalborg	Australian National University	She was awarded an honorary Doctorate from the University of Aalborg in 1999 ; was appointed Adjunct Professor in the Political Science Programme of the Research School of Social Sciences Australian National University 2002-6 ; and was elected a Fellow of the British Academy in 2003 .
per:title(e2,e1)	President	Gnassingbe	In August 2006 President Gnassingbe and members of the opposition signed the Global Political Agreement ( GPA ) bringing an end to the political crisis triggered by Gnassingbe Eyadema's death in February 2005 and the flawed and violent electoral process that followed .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Armenia	Serzh Sargsyan	Modern relationships between Armenia and Romania are rooted in part in the modern history of the Armenian people : after the Armenian genocide of 1915 Romania was the first state to officially provide political asylum to refugees from the area ; and when in October 2007 the President of Armenia Serzh Sargsyan received the delegation headed by the Romanian Minister of National Defense Teodor Mele?canu he noted that the Armenian-Romanian friendship was deeply rooted in history and it was not by accident that Romania was the first State to recognize the independence of the Republic Armenia .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Oklahoma School for the Deaf	Oklahoma	Oklahoma School for the Deaf is also located in Sulphur Oklahoma .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Canada	Bank of Canada	First opened on December 5 1980 Canada 's Currency Museum is located on the ground floor of the Bank of Canada in Ottawa Ontario .
org:founded_by(e2,e1)	Rover Company	Land Rover	The Rover Company ( the creator of the Land Rover marque ) had been experimenting with a larger model than the Land Rover Series as far back as 1951 when the Rover P4-based two-wheel-drive Road Rover project was developed by Gordon Bashford .
per:alternate_names(e1,e2)	Martin Barre	Jethro Tull	This month Martin Barre could n't make the European tour and was temporarily replaced by Florian Opahle also of Ian's solo band meaning that the band billed as Jethro Tull on this month's European tour was actually Ian Anderson accompanied by his solo band .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	United States	Jeep	Chrysler is recalling Dodge Caliber of the 2007 model year sold in the United States as well as a smaller number of large four-wheel drive Jeep Compass vehicles also from 2007 built between March and May 2006 .
org:city_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Galesburg	Knox College	Gale later settled in what would become Galesburg Illinois to found Knox College ( then called the Knox Manual Labor College ) in 1837 site of one of the famous Lincoln-Douglas debates of 1858 .
no_relation	Diario AS	Primera Liga	Speaking in Saturday's edition of Diario AS Esteban who led the club to promotion to the Primera Liga last season asked for calm and assured that the problem would be resolved in the near future .
org:city_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Seoul	Hanyang University	In 1979 he graduated from Seoul National University with a bachelor's degree in Commerce and Trade followed by a Master's degree in Public Administration from Hanyang University a few years later .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Xanana	East Timor	According to Ian Storey of the Jamestown Foundation President of East Timor Xanana has called China a a reliable friend and had committed East Timor to a One China policy Storey Ian .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Angkor Airways	Cambodia	Angkor Airways Corporation is a defunct airline based in Phnom Penh Cambodia .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Austrian Airlines	Vienna	Austrian Airlines has been an important partner of Lufthansa for years with its main hub of Vienna .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Health and Human Services	Donna Shalala	This prompted President George W. Bush to appoint former Senate Majority Leader and 1996 Presidential Candidate Sen. Bob Dole ( R-KS ) and former United States Secretary of Health and Human Services Donna Shalala to oversee the process of healthcare for wounded soldiers .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	Police Negotiation Team	New Zealand Police	Police Negotiation Team ( PNT ) is a specialist unit of the New Zealand Police dedicated to crisis negotiation .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Fiasco	Atlantic	The group disbanded shortly after its inception and Fiasco soon met rapper Jay-Z who helped him sign a record deal with Atlantic Records .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	John Negroponte	National Intelligence	She is the wife of John Negroponte the former United States Deputy Secretary of State and former U.S. Director of National Intelligence .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	John Baird	Canada	Thursday Environment Minister John Baird outlined a doomsday economic scenario if Ottawa imposed tough new measures to cut carbon emissions in order to meet Canada 's Kyoto Protocol commitment .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Konstantin Chernenko	Communist Party	The action begins in Moscow in March 1985 as Mikhail Gorbachev succeeded Konstantin Chernenko as General Secretary of the Communist Party .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Albert Ho	Democratic Party	The defeat has prompted Albert Ho chairman of the Democratic Party -- the city's largest pro-democracy group -- to stand down although his resignation was rejected by the party members .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	university	Rajkot	This university was established on 23 May 1967 in Rajkot city the administrative headquarter at Rajkot .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Sheldon Whitehouse	Rhode Island	Senators Sheldon Whitehouse of Rhode Island Jeanne Shaheen of New Hampshire and Christopher Dodd of Connecticut all Democrats and Senator Joseph Lieberman Independent of Connecticut have all signed on as sponsors of the provision .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	Heath	London	Heath his wife Moira and children went back to London .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Ecuador	Rafael Correa	Exit polls show voters approve new Ecuador constitution in big win for President Rafael Correa .
per:cities_of_residence(e2,e1)	Toronto	Quartette	In Toronto he performed in numerous concerts and recitals including as soloist with the Toronto Symphony Orchestra as a member of the Conservatory Trio and in concerts with the Toronto String Quartette .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	James Otis	New York City	The Order was founded in 1884 by the Rev. James Otis Sargent Huntington an Episcopal priest in New York City .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	MediaNews Group	The Denver Post	We are in no shape or form at odds with Google said William Dean Singleton chief executive of MediaNews Group Inc. a private company that owns more than 50 daily newspapers including The Denver Post and San Jose Mercury News .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Nairobi Hospital	Kenya	Dr. Mauro Saio a specialist at Nairobi Hospital said the Yusuf had been coughing and wanted a checkup in Kenya because there are better facilities here than in Somalia .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	The Runaways	Joan Jett	For the opening verse in Hollywood from The Runaways second album Queens of Noise Joan Jett sings Each night alone I dream that I 'm a rebel roller queen .
per:country_of_birth(e1,e2)	his	Sweden	On news of his death flags nationwide flew at half-staff in honor of the man whom King Carl XVI Gustaf called one of Sweden 's greatest directors and dramatists of all time .
org:top_members/employees(e1,e2)	BHP	Don Argus	The June 7 2009 cable said Swan's chief of staff has told us on several occasions that BHP has played its cards with consummate skill in part due to the increasing marginalisation of BHP CEO Marius Kloppers as BHP chairman Don Argus has taken the lead in lobbying the GOA [ government of Australia ] .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Carlos Alvarez	Miami-Dade County	Carlos Alvarez ( born c. 1952 ) is a Cuban American politician and the former mayor of Miami-Dade County .
org:alternate_names(e2,e1)	School of Economics	SESS	Originally established as the School of Economics Social Sciences ( SESS ) on 1 July 2002 SESS launched the Bachelor of Science ( Economics ) programme followed shortly by the Bachelor of Social Science undergraduate degree programme .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Northern Arizona University	Flagstaff	Howland's first head coaching job was at Northern Arizona University ( 1994 99 ) in Flagstaff .
per:title(e1,e2)	Christos Stefanopoulos	politician	Christos Stefanopoulos was born in Divri and was the son of Stefanos Stefanopoulos the elder a politician and member of the historic Stephanopoulos family .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Ahmad Jamal	Argo	Ahmad Jamal 's Alhambra is a live album by American jazz pianist Ahmad Jamal featuring performances recorded at Jamal's own club in Chicago in 1961 and released on the Argo label.Ahmad Jamal discography accessed May 21 2012 The Allmusic review awarded the album 4 stars stating : The interplay between the musicians was often magical .
per:origin(e2,e1)	Brunei	his	It is composed of the descendants of Muhammad Shah of Brunei and his family .
org:founded_by(e1,e2)	ICAHD	Jeff Halper	ICAHD was founded by eight peace activists ( see box ) among whom was Jeff Halper a long-time human rights advocate and professor of Anthropology who serves as ICAHD's Director .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Sursara	Australia	When not travelling Sursara resides on the Gold Coast in Queensland Australia .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Islamic Azad University	Iran	The Islamic Azad University is the center of power for former President Akbar Hashemi Rafsanjani noted pragmatist and a key supporter of Iran 's moderates .
no_relation	Australia	Southern Cross Broadcasting	In January 1997 4BH was sold to the Australian Radio Network ( owners of 4KQ ) for over $ 11.5 million dollars who owned 4BH until January 2002 after ARN and DMG Radio Australia jointly launched 97.3 FM so ARN sold 4BH to DMG and in February 2003 4BH was sold yet again to Southern Cross Broadcasting because DMG had won an auction to set up an FM service on the Sunshine Coast .
org:members(e2,e1)	Norfolk State University	NCAA	The 2011 Norfolk State Spartans football team represented Norfolk State University in the 2011 NCAA Division I FCS football season .
per:spouse(e2,e1)	Robert Evans	Catherine Oxenberg	World's Shortest Celebrity Marriages . . *********************************************** * Rudolph Valentino-Jean Acker -6 Hours http://bulbule.uni.cc/mho/Priyanka%20Chopra.html [ image : www.mumbaihangout.info ] http://bulbule.uni.cc/mho/Priyanka%20Chopra.html * Robin Givens-Syetozar Marinkovic -24 hours [ image : www.mumbaihangout.info ] * Britney Spears - Jason Alexender 48 hours http://bulbule.uni.cc/mho/Priyanka%20Chopra.html [ image : www.mumbaihangout.info ] http://bulbule.uni.cc/mho/Priyanka%20Chopra.html * Dennis Hopper-MichellePhillips -8 Days http://bulbule.uni.cc/mho/Priyanka%20Chopra.html [ image : www.mumbaihangout.info ] http://bulbule.uni.cc/mho/Priyanka%20Chopra.html Cher - Gregg Allman -9 days [ image : www.mumbaihangout.info ] Carmen Electra-Dennis Rodman -10 Days http://bulbule.uni.cc/mho/Priyanka%20Chopra.html [ image : www.mumbaihangout.info ] http://bulbule.uni.cc/mho/Priyanka%20Chopra.html Robert Evans - Catherine Oxenberg 12 Days [ image : www.mumbaihangout.info ] * Drew Barrymore-Welshman Jeremy Thomas -29 days http://bulbule.uni.cc/mho/Priyanka%20Chopra.html [ image : www.mumbaihangout.info ] http://bulbule.uni.cc/mho/Priyanka%20Chopra.html Ernest Borgnine-Ethel Merman -32 days .
org:members(e2,e1)	Eminem	Aftermath	Unlike Infinite The Slim Shady EP helped Eminem garner significant underground attention and eventually garnered the interest of famous West Coast hip-hop producer Dr. Dre who subsequently signed Eminem to his Aftermath label and executive-produced his breakthrough major-label debut The Slim Shady LP .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	Robyn	Stockholm	Robyn began working on the album in July 2009 in Stockholm with Swedish producer Klas who also acts as the executive producer of the album .
org:alternate_names(e1,e2)	Emirates Airline	Emirates	Tim Clark President Emirates Airline : Speech to the European Aviation Club 12 November 2009 pp. 5-7 Many airlines have accused Emirates of receiving fuel subsidies from the Government of Dubai .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Singapore	Ong Teng Cheong	In 1994 the then President of Singapore Ong Teng Cheong visited the Home and praised its cleanliness good service and well-equipped facilities .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	San Yu	Burma	On 9 November 1981 the then Burmese Legislature ( Pyithu Hluttaw ) elected San Yu as the President of the Socialist Republic of the Union of Burma .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Los Angeles	Tom Bradley	Two of the eleven men who have represented this district went on to higher public office Charles Navarro as Los Angeles city controller and Tom Bradley as mayor of Los Angeles .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	United States	National League	The United States calls upon the regime to release all political prisoners in Burma and begin a genuine dialogue with Aung San Suu Kyi the National League for Democracy and other democratic and ethnic minority groups on a transition to democracy Bush said in a statement .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Mouchel	West Byfleet	It is now occupied by the Mouchel Group PLC who moved from West Hall in nearby West Byfleet .
per:country_of_birth(e1,e2)	Gustavo Dudamel	Venezuela	Gustavo Dudamel is an inspiration because he used to be a poor kid in Venezuela until Maestro Abreu discovered his potentials and unlocked them and today he's one of the most important conductors in the world says Shakira the Colombian pop diva and philanthropic entrepreneur who says that Dudamel has offered to assist her with future charity projects .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e2,e1)	Ohio	Sherrod Brown	The delegates selected in advance were 9 Democratic National Committee members the 7 Democratic U.S. Representatives from Ohio ( including 2008 Democratic presidential candidate Dennis Kucinich who had suspended his campaign before the Ohio primary ) U.S. Senator Sherrod Brown and Governor Ted Strickland .
org:alternate_names(e1,e2)	Armed Offenders Squad	AOS	The Armed Offenders Squad ( AOS ) is a specialist unit of the New Zealand Police designed to cordon contain and appeal to armed and dangerous offenders .
org:top_members/employees(e1,e2)	Helmet	Chris Traynor	A long period of inactivity ended in early 2004 when Hamilton decided to resurrect Helmet with a new lineup of John Tempesta on drums and Chris Traynor ( guitarist on the Aftertaste tour ) on bass .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	University of Tennessee at Martin	Tennessee	Its studios are located on the campus of the University of Tennessee at Martin ; its transmitter and tower are located in Lexington Tennessee its city of license .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Margaret Thatcher	Finchley	Booth succeeded Margaret Thatcher as the Conservative Member of Parliament for Finchley from the 1992 general election until the constituency was abolished in the 1997 general election .
no_relation	John Deacon	Queen	The music video for the song features four young boys - Paul Howard as Brian May James Currie as John Deacon Adam Gladdish as Roger Taylor and a then-unknown Ross McCall as Freddie Mercury performing as Queen on stage .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Denny Doherty	Canada	-- Denny Doherty 66 one-quarter of the 1960s folk-rock group the Mamas and the Papas in Mississauga Canada .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	St. Viator High School	Arlington Heights	He grew up in Mt. Prospect and attended St. Viator High School in Arlington Heights .
org:members(e2,e1)	Tennessee Volunteers	University of Tennessee	The 1936 Tennessee Volunteers ( variously Tennessee UT or the Vols ) represented the University of Tennessee in the 1936 college football season .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Tuilaepa Aiono Sailele Malielegaoi	Samoa	Aside from the Minister of Works the two former Ministers ( who were still in Parliament at the time ) had also planned to have the Prime Minister Tuilaepa Aiono Sailele Malielegaoi the Chief Justice New Zealand's High Commissioner to Samoa and Minister of Lands and Environment Tuala Kerslake assassinated .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Health	Chua Soi Lek	The number of Malaysians suffering from stroke is increasing rapidly and this is worrying Health Minister Chua Soi Lek was quoted as saying .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Ho Chi Minh	ity	Banking University of Ho Chi Minh City ( Vietnamese language : i h?c ph? H? Minh ) is a university in Ho Chi Minh C ity ; Vietnam .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Republican	Mitch McConnell	( c ) 2010 The Washington Post = WASHINGTON _ A Washington Post article about how funding secured through earmarks by Senate Republican leader Mitch McConnell Ky. has helped Louisville misstated the last name of the University of Louisville's president .
per:title(e2,e1)	actor	Johnny Depp	However it is unique for the primary reason that American actor Johnny Depp played on some of the tracks .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	British Transport Commission	British Rail	The fleet was ordered by the British Transport Commission as direct comparison with British Rail Class 40 and were not actually wanted by the Western Region who preferred their production fleet of D800 Warships .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Ho Chi Minh	Vietnam	Nguyen Du Secondary School ( ) is a school in Ho Chi Minh City Vietnam it is situated at 139 Nguyen Du Street District 1 HCM city .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Tom Harkin	Iowa	The chairman of the Senate Agriculture Committee Democratic Sen. Tom Harkin of Iowa has supported this approach and encouraged spending more money on conservation programs .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Disney	California	Disney goes back to drawing board to redo disappointing California Adventure park .
org:city_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	San Jose	Yerba Buena High School	He grew up in San Jose California attended Yerba Buena High School .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Portugal	Portuguese Armed Forces	Portugal also conducted several independent unilateral military operations abroad as were the cases of the interventions of the Portuguese Armed Forces in Angola in 1992 and in Guinea-Bissau in 1998 with the main objectives of protecting and withdrawing of Portuguese and foreign citizens threatened by local civil conflicts .
no_relation	Paul Butterfield	1966	The Paul Butterfield Blues Band was the first group to record and release the song commercially featured as a track on their 1966 album East-West .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Massachusetts	B.U.	Besides his efforts to expand the university into a rival for Greater Boston's more prestigious academic institutions such as Harvard University and the Massachusetts Institute of Technology ( both in Cambridge across the Charles River from the B.U. campus ) Case involved himself in the start of the student/societal upheavals that came to characterize the 1960s .
org:members(e2,e1)	LCHS	PIAA	In addition LCHS teams won PIAA District III AAA Championships in 1982 and 1983 and a PIAA District III AA Championship in 1985 .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	GT Interactive	Reflections Interactive	Included in the GT Interactive purchase were the game development studios Humongous Entertainment Legend Entertainment and Reflections Interactive .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	winner	Ontario	The winner was Brad Duguid of the Ontario Liberal Party .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Philip Schuyler	New York	Philip Schuyler Van Rensselaer ( 1767 1824 ) was the Mayor of Albany New York on two occasions .
per:spouse(e1,e2)	he	Billie Burke	In 1909 he began an affair with the actress Lilliane Lorraine ; Held remained hopeful that his fascination would pass and he would return to her but instead he turned his attentions to another actress Billie Burke whom he would marry in 1914 .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Andreas Papandreou	Greece	Condolence messages also poured in from George Andreas Papandreou president of Greece Panhellenic Socialist Movement and Socialist International ; Samuel Webb chairman of the Communist Party of the United States of America ; Ali Akhmedov deputy chairman and executive secretary of New Azerbaijan Party ; Muhammad Farooq Sattar deputy convener and parliamentary group leader of Pakistan's Muttahidah Qaumi Movement ( MQM ) ; Amrit Kumar Bohara acting general secretary of Communist Party of Nepal ( Unified Marxist-Leninist ) ; Khaled Hadadah general secretary of Lebanese Communist Party ; Leo Brincat foreign affairs spokesman of Malta Labor Party ; Abdallah H. J. Alafranji member of the Central Committee and minister of external affairs of the Palestine National Liberation Movement ( Fatah ) .
per:country_of_birth(e1,e2)	Bharat Bhushan	India	Chaturvedi was awarded the Bharat Bhushan Agrawal Award in 2007 for his poem Mother India appeared in the October 2006 issue of journal Vagarth .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Fudan University	Shanghai	In 1919 Wu graduated from Fudan University Preparatory School in Shanghai and left to the United States to continue his study .
org:founded(e1,e2)	Whitney High School	1976	Whitney High School was founded on September 25 1976 ( under the name Gretchen A. Whitney Learning Center ) as a community academic learning center .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Tosiwo Nakayama	Federated States	-- Tosiwo Nakayama 75 first president of Federated States of Micronesia in Ewa Beach Hawaii .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	40th Wisconsin Volunteer Infantry Regiment	Infantry	He resigned his charge and became chaplain of the 2nd Wisconsin Infantry.Fallows Samuel 1865 - 1868 at Summerfield United Methodist Church During the American Civil War he fought in the Union Army rising to lieutenant colonel of the 40th Wisconsin Volunteer Infantry Regiment and colonel of the 49th Wisconsin Volunteer Infantry Regiment .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Interior	Wilhelm Frick	Interior Minister Wilhelm Frick had long desired to streamline the German administration and the Reichsgaue were the result : Party Gau and state administrative borders were to be identical and the Party Gauleiter also occupied the post of Reichsstatthalter .
per:country_of_birth(e1,e2)	Shinya	Japan	Shinya Nakano Japan San Carlo Honda Gresini 1.56.434 .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Gilles Bisson	Timmins	Gilles Bisson 52 is the Member of Provincial Parliament ( MPP ) for Timmins James Bay .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e2,e1)	Iowa	Tom Harkin	The former president essentially wrote off Iowa in 1992 because Sen. Tom Harkin D-Iowa was a presidential candidate that year and in 1996 because Clinton faced no primary opposition in his reelection campaign .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Virginia Commonwealth University	Virginia	The 2012 VCU Rams men's soccer team was the 33rd season of Virginia Commonwealth University in Richmond Virginia fielding a men's varsity college soccer program .
per:country_of_birth(e1,e2)	Ho Chi Minh	Vietnam	The European Commission ( EC ) will provide euros ( U.S. dollars ) to support the development of software business in Ho Chi Minh City of Vietnam the local newspaper Liberty Saigon reported Thursday .
no_relation	Jake Turner	Chris Conley	Arun bali ( current guitarist of Saves the Day ) played guitar Kenny Vasoli ( of The Starting Line and Person L ) played bass Jake Turner ( of Say Anything ) played guitar as well Coby Linder played drums while Chris Conley and Max Bemis sang .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	company	Netherlands	The company is said to currently control 117 real estate assets across five European Union member countries : Germany Romania Poland the Netherlands and Belgium .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	program	USA	The program was created to replace the specials run on the USA Network prior to major pay-per-views .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	Gilles Duceppe	Montreal	On 6 August 2006 Bloc leader Gilles Duceppe was accused of supporting Hezbollah by Israel's ambassador to Canada Alan Baker after Duceppe participated in a march in Montreal protesting the war in Lebanon .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Department of the Prime Minister and Cabinet	New Zealand	The responsibilities of the Department are considerably wider than in most other Westminster systems although the Department of the Prime Minister and Cabinet in New Zealand has similar responsibilities .
org:members(e1,e2)	Gibraltar Police	Royal Gibraltar Police	The Gibraltar Police Authority is an independent body that is responsible for securing that the Royal Gibraltar Police operates efficiently and effectively .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Aker	Oslo	Grefsen and were also part of the former municipality of Aker before the second world war when the City of Oslo was confined to today's central areas .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	California	William M. Gwin	California Senator William M. Gwin presented a bill that when approved by the Senate and the House became law on March 3 1851 .
per:title(e1,e2)	Harry Hopkins	Commerce	His decision that December to name Harry Hopkins as Secretary of Commerce was an attempt to achieve the confidence he so badly needed .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Dr. Dre	Aftermath	Unlike Infinite The Slim Shady EP helped Eminem garner significant underground attention and eventually garnered the interest of famous West Coast hip-hop producer Dr. Dre who subsequently signed Eminem to his Aftermath label and executive-produced his breakthrough major-label debut The Slim Shady LP .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Diocesan College	South Africa	He was educated at the Diocesan College Cape Town in South Africa and Kingswood School in Bath .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Albania	Bamir Topi	Albania 's parliament Friday elected Bamir Topi from the ruling Democratic party as the country's new president after three failed attempts to choose a leader raised the spectre of early general polls .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Wisconsin	Russ Feingold	( Here in Wisconsin Sen. Russ Feingold is confronting a tough challenge from a businessman Ron Johnson ; although there was some speculation that Feingold would not want to be seen with Obama he did show up here Tuesday night . ) .
no_relation	United Airlines	United p.s.	American Airlines and United Airlines both operate a special service on the JFK-LAX and JFK-SFO routes known as american flagship service and United p.s. ( p.s. stands for premium service ) respectively .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Greece	Konstantinos Tsatsos	After the Second World War the relations between Greece and Bulgaria have been flourishing and as the Greek President Konstantinos Tsatsos said during the Bulgarian leader Todor Zhivkov's visit to Athens in April 1976 the old controversies have been forgotten and the hatchet buried forever .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	University of Pennsylvania	Pennsylvania	The University of Pennsylvania Health System is a diverse research and clinical care organization in Philadelphia Pennsylvania .
org:alternate_names(e1,e2)	Bulgaria Air	FB	At a later stage it was 100 % bought by Hemus Air ( DU ) which also acquired Bulgaria Air ( FB ) .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Energy	Samuel Bodman	Also in Azerbaijan U.S. Energy Secretary Samuel Bodman said the Russian creation of an OPEC-like group to coordinate gas prices would be bad for consumer nations .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	Cisco Press	Cisco Systems	Cisco Press distributes its titles through traditional resellers as well as through the Safari Books Online e-reference service.Cisco Press is the Cisco Systems authorized book publisher of Cisco networking technology Cisco certification self-study and Cisco Networking Academy Program materials .
per:alternate_names(e1,e2)	Adam	Singer	Winnaretta's older brother Adam Mortimer Singer became one of England's landed gentry .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Paul Wall	Texas	Baby Bash was arrested with Paul Wall the night of September 10 2011 in El Paso Texas for possession of marijuana .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	England	Philippa of Hainault	Edward III of England Margaret's brother in law through her sister Philippa of Hainault came to her aid winning a naval engagement off Veere in 1351 .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	University	Waterloo	The majority of the University 's faculties reside at the Waterloo Campus including Business Arts Science Music and Health .
per:origin(e2,e1)	Indian	Indira Gandhi	Raj Narain had contested the Indian general election 1971 against Indira Gandhi who represented the constituency of Rae Bareilly in the Lok Sabha the lower house of the Indian Parliament .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	1st Infantry Division	Bucharest	The brigade is considered the best and most modern infantry brigade in the Romanian Land Forces ; it is subordinated to the 1st Infantry Division and its headquarters are located in Bucharest .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Yurii Khmelnytsky	Ukraine	In 1678 the Turkish army captured Chyhyryn and declared Yurii Khmelnytsky as a new hetman of Ukraine although in reality he was only a puppet for the Ottoman Sultan .
no_relation	Albano Carrisi	Romina Power	Albano Carrisi met Romina Power daughter of American actor Tyrone Power during the filming of the movie Nel Sole named after one of his songs in 1967 .
org:members(e2,e1)	UCF Knights	Division I	Stansbury is currently the athletic director for the UCF Knights Division I sports program of the University of Central Florida located in Orlando Florida United States .
per:country_of_birth(e1,e2)	Benito Mussolini	Italy	-- 1943 : The War Department assigns Grombach to negotiate with imprisoned mob chief Charles Lucky Luciano for a plot that would entail the assassination of Italian dictator Benito Mussolini and the creation of military espionage lines in southern Italy .
org:top_members/employees(e2,e1)	Shin Jung Hwan	Country Kko Kko	Although his last album has underperformed he has continued his popularity by becoming a mainstay on KBS's Heroine 6 becoming part of the Gag Team 3 with Shin Jung Hwan from Country Kko Kko and Kim Jong Min from Koyote .
org:alternate_names(e1,e2)	National Union of Mineworkers	NUM	He served as a government whip and was previously a coal miner and official for the National Union of Mineworkers ( NUM ) .
per:cities_of_residence(e2,e1)	Detroit	Natas	In 1995 Reel Life began its association with the Detroit rapper Dice who did not sign a contract with the label but made appearances on albums by Esham Natas and Mastamind .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Beckman	Scott Garrett	Beckman Chief Executive Scott Garrett said the company made the lucrative offer because other companies were also bidding on Biosite .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	State University of New York	Albany	Roberto Vives director of men's and women's track and field at the State University of New York at Albany said his team was impressed by the system when Guare came to the university and put on a demonstration during winter break .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Skyline High School	USA	Skyline High School is a public high school in Millcreek in Salt Lake County Utah USA .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Fine	California	The Fine and DeRita families were represented by California attorney Bela G. Lugosi .
org:founded_by(e1,e2)	JCE Movies Limited	Willie Chan	In addition to his film production and distribution company JCE Movies Limited Jackie Chan also owns or co-owns the production companies JC Group China Jackie Willie Productions ( with Willie Chan ) and Jackie JJ Productions .
no_relation	LWO	Eric Bischoff	The LWO was formed in late 1998 after Eddie Guerrero's spat with WCW head Eric Bischoff a real-life conflict that was turned into a storyline .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	COSI Columbus	Columbus	After leaving NASA Dr. Sullivan served as President and CEO of the COSI Columbus an interactive science center in Columbus Ohioand as Director for Ohio State University's Battelle Center for Mathematics and Science Education Policy as well as a volunteer science advisor to COSI .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	University of Glasgow	Glasgow School of Art	The Mackintosh School of Architecture ( MSA ) of the University of Glasgow is one of the three schools which makes up the Glasgow School of Art situated in the Garnethill area of Glasgow Scotland .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Panola College	Carthage	Past ETHA presidents include the late Claude Hall an American diplomatic historian at Texas University in College Station who served from 1976 1977 ; Bill O'Neal prolific western author from Panola College in Carthage Texas who head the association from 1991 1992 and Robert T. Ty Cashion ( born 1956 ) of Sam Houston State University in Huntsville Texas the president from 2002-2003 .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	James C. Dobbin	Navy	USRC '' James C. Dobbin '' was a topsail schooner of the Cushing-class ( 1853 ) named after President Franklin Pierce's Secretary of the Navy James Cochrane Dobbin .
no_relation	The Real News	Leo Gerard	Some notable guests The Real News Network have interviewed include : Bill Black Zbigniew Brzezinski Noam Chomsky Donna Edwards James Galbraith Leo Gerard Danny Glover Ed Herman Dennis Kucinich Norman Lear Andre Marin Ray McGovern Ralph Nader Rand Paul Ron Paul Susan Rice Gore Vidal Antonio Villaraigosa Larry Wilkerson and Howard Zinn .
no_relation	Wyoming	Stanley K. Hathaway	The program which was named in honor of former Wyoming Governor and U.S. Secretary of the Interior Stanley K. Hathaway consists of four separate merit scholarships each with specific eligibility requirements and a need-based scholarship for eligible students which supplements the merit awards .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Fat Possum	Andrew Bird	The group was recently signed by Fat Possum Records home of the Walkmen Band of Horses the Black Keys Andrew Bird and more .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Seaga	PNP	Immediately after committing Jamaican troops to Grenada in 1983 Seaga called a snap election two years early on the pretext that Dr Paul Robertson General Secretary of the PNP had called for his resignation .
no_relation	2	University of Northern Colorado	Glaze became football coach at Drake University in 1916 with a record of 3 10 2 and then became football coach at Colorado State Teachers College ( now the University of Northern Colorado ) in 1917 18 as the school resumed football after 11 years with a record of 2 6 .
per:country_of_birth(e1,e2)	Jamil Mardam Bey	Syrian	Jamil Mardam Bey ( 1894 1960 ) ( ) was a Syrian politician Born in Damascus to a prominent aristocratic Sunni Muslim family .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Kenya	Moi	Presidential hopefuls have been crisscrossing Kenya since January -- something that would have been impossible under Moi .
per:country_of_birth(e1,e2)	Gaston Tong Sang	French Polynesia	French Polynesian President Gaston Tong Sang hailed Boquet's term and her action in restoring dialogue between French Polynesia and metropolitan France in a speech at the award ceremony .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Enbridge	Calgary	Enbridge based in Calgary Alberta said it was preparing to remove the damaged section of pipe as its focus shifted to cleaning up the spilled oil which it estimates at gallons ( 3.1 million liters ) .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Ho Chi Minh	Vietnam	The phrase can also be found in Chapter III Article 13 of the 1947 Constitution of Japan and in President Ho Chi Minh 's 1945 declaration of independence of the Democratic Republic of Vietnam .
org:members(e1,e2)	Mexico	Telmex	Mexico's largest fixed-line telephone company Telefonos de Mexico SAB or Telmex said Thursday it has signed interconnection agreements with eight cable television operators who want to offer phone service .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Optus	Australia	SingTel will sell the multimedia gadget in Singapore Bharti Airtel Ltd. in India Globe Telecom Inc. in the Philippines and Optus in Australia the companies said in a brief joint statement without giving details .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Tommy Thompson	Health and Human Services	While an undergraduate Lund was a roommate with Tommy Thompson who later became Governor of Wisconsin ( 1987 2001 ) and United States Secretary of Health and Human Services during the first term of George W. Bush ( 2001 2004 ) .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Interior	Gale Norton	MacDonald was appointed by former Secretary of the Interior Gale Norton on 3 May 2004 and resigned on 1 May 2007 after an internal investigation found that she had injected herself personally and profoundly in a number of Endangered Species Act decisions a violation of the Code of Federal Regulations under Use of Nonpublic Information and Basic Obligation of Public Service Appearance of Preferential Treatment .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Eric Mazur	Harvard University	Eric Mazur ( b. November 14 1954 ) is a prominent physicist and educator at Harvard University .
per:title(e2,e1)	Prime Minister	Menachem Begin	Many famous names are buried in the cemetery such as the Ohr ha-Chaim Rabbi Chaim ibn Attar and Rabbi Yehuda Alcalay who were among the heralds of Zionism ; Hasidic rebbes of various dynasties and Rabbis of Yishuv haYashan ( the old pre-Zionist - Jewish settlement ) together with Rabbi Avraham Yitzchak Kook the first Ashkenazi Chief Rabbi and his circle ; Henrietta Szold the founder of the Hadassah organization the poetess Else Eliezer Ben-Yehuda the father of Modern Hebrew Shmuel Yosef Agnon the Nobel Laureate for Literature Boris Schatz the founder of the Bezalel school of Art ; Israel's sixth Prime Minister Menachem Begin the victims of the 1929 and 1936-39 Arab riots the fallen from the 1948 War of Independence together with Jews of many generations in their diversity .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Paz Estenssoro	MNR	Guevara Arze who had been foreign minister and then minister of government in the first Paz Estenssoro government split from the MNR to form the Authentic Nationalist Revolutionary Movement ( Movimiento Nacionalista Revolucionario MNRA ) in 1960 when his presidential hopes were destroyed by Paz Estenssoro's candidacy .
org:top_members/employees(e2,e1)	Guus Hiddink	Russia national football team	Abramovich also played a large role in bringing Guus Hiddink to Russia to coach the Russia national football team .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	?T2	he Czech Republ	The latter an interview with one of the creators of Slovianski was picked up by the news agency BalkanInsight and shortly after that articles appeared in the Slovak newspaper Pravda on the news site of the Czech broadcasting station ?T2 4 in the Slovene newspaper ?urnal24 as well as other newspapers and internet portals in t he Czech Republ ic Slovakia Hungary Serbia Montenegro Bulgaria and Ukraine .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Germany	Willy Fritsch	The 1920s also saw Guter directing films with some of Germany 's most popular actors including several films with Willy Fritsch : Blitzzug der Liebe ( 1925 ) Die Boxerbraut ( 1926 ) and Die Boxerbraut ( 1928 ) .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Foreign Language Academy	Kansas City	Foreign Language Academy or Foreign Language is a foreign language elementary school middle school located at 3450 Warwick Boulevard in Kansas City Missouri USA .
org:top_members/employees(e1,e2)	American Federation of Teachers	Randi Weingarten	American Federation of Teachers ( AFT ) President Randi Weingarten provided a public statement of support for report saying it points the way to a credible fair accurate and effective teacher evaluation system that would improve teaching and learning .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Bradfield College	Berkshire	He was born in Esquimalt the son of Charles Edward Pooley and was educated at Bradfield College in Berkshire England .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Macedonia	Nikola Gruevski	If Macedonia 's Prime Minister Nikola Gruevski rejects it he will have to explain to the Macedonian people why he is depriving them of their European prospects Droutsas warned .
per:origin(e1,e2)	Pietro Ingrao	Italian	At 10:00 AM Pietro Ingrao president of the Italian Chamber of Deputies stopped the session and announced that Moro had been kidnapped .
per:alternate_names(e1,e2)	Billie Piper	Billie	The discography of Billie Piper ( as known as Billie ) an English pop music singer consists of two studio albums two compilation albums and nine singles .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	he	New York City	. . Aronson had made a study of how many buttons he pushed on an average day in New York City . . Prince . . was delighted to find that Aronson had given him two working elevators to play with .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Thailand	Chuan Leekpai	It was formally endorsed by Indonesia President Suharto Malaysia Prime Minister Tun Dr. Mahathir Mohammad and Thailand Prime Minister Chuan Leekpai in 1993 .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Interior	Gale Norton	Griles held the second-ranking position at the United States Department of the Interior ranking below only the Secretary of the Interior at the time Gale Norton .
no_relation	James Brown	Smash	A dispute with King Records led James Brown to release all of his band's instrumental recordings between 1964 and 1967 on Smash .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	Ozu	Tokyo	It is the first installment of Ozu so-called Noriko trilogy the others are Early Summer ( Bakushu 1951 ) and Tokyo Story ( Tokyo Monogatari 1953 ) in each of which Hara portrays a young woman named Noriko though the three Norikos are distinct unrelated characters linked primarily by their status as single women in postwar Japan.The surnames of the three Norikos in Late Spring Early Summer and Tokyo Story are respectively Somiya Mamiya and Hirayama .
org:founded(e1,e2)	Lake Erie and Western Railroad	1879	The Seney Syndicate linked several short railroads in Ohio Indiana and Illinois to form the Lake Erie and Western Railroad in 1879 and 1880 .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	George Washington	Continental Army	It was in the Old Senate Chamber where George Washington resigned as commander in chief of the Continental Army .
no_relation	McQueen	Vestal Avenue	In late 1955 at the age of 25 McQueen left New York and headed for California where he moved into a house on Vestal Avenue in the Echo Park area and began seeking acting jobs in Hollywood .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Botswana	Mogae	Motsamai Mpho founder of the small opposition Botswana People's Party said Mogae should have implemented laws to combat discrimination saying the failure could destroy peace and stability at any time .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	California	Interwoven	The company was founded in 1995 in California by Singaporean entrepreneur Peng Tsin Ong who was also Interwoven 's first CEO and chairman .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Texas	McAllen High School	He was raised in the Rio Grande Valley in Texas and graduated from McAllen High School in 1960 .
org:top_members/employees(e1,e2)	Victoria Police	Chief Commissioner	Victoria Police Chief Commissioner Simon Overland said the officers had let down the community by forwarding the offensive e-mails .
org:alternate_names(e1,e2)	Saudi Aramco	Saudi Arabian Oil Company	thumb | Saudi Aramco headquarters complex Saudi Aramco ( ) officially the Saudi Arabian Oil Company is a Saudi Arabian national oil and natural gas company based in Dhahran Saudi Arabia .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Manners	New Jersey	Manners was born in 1786 in the now-defunct municipality of Amwell Township Hunterdon County New Jersey to John and Rachel ( Stout ) Manners .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Chuck Grassley	Iowa	Sen. Chuck Grassley a conservative Iowa Republican has teamed with populist Democrat Sen. Byron Dorgan of North Dakota to eliminate payments to farmers earning more than $ a year in line with the Bush administration's demand for a $ limit .
org:founded(e1,e2)	Houlihan Smith Company	1996	Houlihan Smith Company was established in 1996 by Richard Alfred Houlihan ( former chairman of Houlihan Lokey Howard Zukin Inc. ) and mergers and acquisitions advisor Andrew David Smith .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Peters	Transportation	Peters joined the Arizona Department of Transportation in 1985 and was appointed by Gov. Jane Dee Hull to serve as its director in 1998 .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Commerce	Herbert Hoover	Vice-President Calvin Coolidge served as honorary chairman of the Advisory Council of Better Homes in America and Secretary of Commerce Herbert Hoover was president of its board of directors .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Cyrus	Tennessee	The video prominently features clips of Hannah Montana : The Movie particularly the scene in which Cyrus performs Back to Tennessee .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Soviet Union	Andrei Gromyko	The Soviet Union dispatched its foreign minister Andrei Gromyko to Beijing to discuss China's actions .
no_relation	Columbia	Stephens College	The city has three institutions of higher education : the University of Missouri Columbia College and Stephens College .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	It	Baltimore County Public Schools	It is part of the Baltimore County Public Schools consolidated school district .
no_relation	Congress	Bustamante	On 21 September 1841 Congress named him interim president of Mexico while Bustamante was in the field leading troops against his enemies .
org:top_members/employees(e1,e2)	Nintendo	Game Boy	The Grim Adventures of Billy Mandy video game ( Midway Home Entertainment $ 50 for Nintendo DS $ 30 for PlayStation2 Nintendo GameCube or Game Boy Advance ) has the same characters as the Cartoon Network TV show .
org:members(e2,e1)	U.S. Lecce	Serie A	Without experience in Italian top division he was loaned to U.S. Lecce also in Serie A. In Lecce he acquired 29 Serie A appearances with 4 goals .
no_relation	CATS	Charlotte	CATS operates local routes within the city of Charlotte with the majority of those multiple-stop routes serving the Charlotte Transportation Center in Uptown .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	parana	Julio Miranda	Alperovich was a member of the centrist Radical Civic Union until in 1999 he was approached by the then-Governor of parana Julio Miranda to be provincial economy minister .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Nepal	Prachanda	Nepali Congress ( NC ) vice president Ram Chandra Poudel and Unified Communist Party of Nepal ( Maoist ) ( UCPN-M ) chairman Prachanda are vying for the position .
org:founded(e2,e1)	2004	Tempo	His contribution then ( 2004 ) was recorded to be over a thousand new articles Tempo Magazine : Encyclopedia from the boarding house on 2006 it escalates to new articles .
org:founded_by(e1,e2)	National Guard of the United States	United States Army	Scott L. Thoele is a Brigadier General in the National Guard of the United States and is currently Deputy Commanding General Army National Guard United States Army Combined Arms Center Fort Leavenworth .
org:founded(e2,e1)	2008	Virgin Comics	Accessed February 6 2008 With Branson on board Gotham Studios Asia became Virgin Comics and Animation with Devarajan taking the role of CEO with Gotham Chopra as chief creative officer with Indian advertising executive Suresh Seetharaman running Virgin Animation from India .
no_relation	2001	FASA	Shadowrun novels went out of production between 2001 and 2005 making the books produced towards the end of FASA 's ownership of the license hard to find .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Benito Mussolini	Empire	National Fascist Party leader Benito Mussolini was identified by Fascists as Il Duce ( The Leader ) of the movement and became a reference to the dictatorial position of Sua Eccellenza Benito Mussolini Capo del Governo Duce del Fascismo e Fondatore dell ' Impero ( His Excellency Benito Mussolini Head of Government Duce of Fascism and Founder of the Empire ) was established in 1925 ( Founder of the Empire was added in 1936 ) by Mussolini which he personally held until 1943 .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	United States	Phoenix	In all six of 11 similar attempts by the United States Russia and England ended in failure so the Phoenix team awaited with enormous apprehension the outcome of the spacecraft's approach and landing .
org:city_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	London	Trinity College London	Euba studied composition with Arnold Cooke at the Trinity College of Music London obtaining the diplomas of Fellow of the Trinity College London ( Composition ) and Fellow of the Trinity College London ( Piano ) .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Taiwan Cooperative Bank	Taiwan	The state-run Taiwan Cooperative Bank is expected to soon become the bank with the largest number of branches in Taiwan the bank's Deputy General-Manager Chen An-hsiung said Monday .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Public Health Agency of Canada	Canada	The National Microbiology Laboratory ( NML ) is a division of the Public Health Agency of Canada the agency of the Government of Canada that is responsible for public health health emergency preparedness and response and infectious and chronic disease control and prevention .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Houston	United States	The city of Houston late Saturday became the largest US metropolis in the United States to elect an openly gay mayor as city controller Annise Parker an open lesbian claimed a solid victory over her rival .
per:country_of_birth(e2,e1)	Thailand	Mahidol Adulyadej	The present royal family of Thailand is descended from HRH Prince Mahidol Adulyadej of Songkla ( 1891 1929 ) and Srinagarindra ( later Princess Mother ) ( 1900 95 ) forming the House of Mahidol ( ) ( a cadet branch of the Dynasty ) .
org:founded_by(e1,e2)	Eastern Michigan Eagles	Eastern Michigan University	Eastern Michigan Eagles wrestling team is a men's athletic program at Eastern Michigan University .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	West Virginia Mountaineers	West Virginia University	The 1977 West Virginia Mountaineers football team represented West Virginia University in the 1977 college football season .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	Mercedes-Benz	Daimler-Benz	In 1936 in parallel to the classical front-engine Mercedes-Benz 170 V Daimler-Benz AG introduced the Mercedes-Benz 170 H which had the same engine as the 170 V with an architecture derived from the one of the 130 its predecessor .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Don Caballero	Touch	American Don is an album by Don Caballero a Pittsburgh-based math rock band released on Touch and Go Records in 2000 .
no_relation	Sumani	Ghana	Sumani 's situation had drawn international media coverage and would soon become a major cause in both the UK the Netherlands and Ghana due to her near terminal deteriorating health condition .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	George Washington	Continental Army	The Ford Mansion atop a beautiful hilltop in Morristown was the site of the hard winter ( December 1779 May 1780 ) quarters of George Washington and the Continental Army .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Australia	Johnny O'Keefe	In 1974 and 1975 she toured throughout Australia with contemporaries Johnny O'Keefe Johnny Devlin Lonnie Lee and Barry Stanton .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	France	de Balzac	The des gens de lettres de France ( SGDLF ) ( English : Society of Men of Letters of France ) is a writers ' association founded in 1838 by the notable French authors de Balzac Victor Hugo Alexandre Dumas and George Sand .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Mao Zedong	People's Republic	On October 1 1949 when Mao Zedong declared the founding of People's Republic of China under a sea of fluttering Five-star red flags in Tiananmen Square he said Chinese people have stood up ( against invasion and foreign exploitation ) today !
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	England	neck	Former England captain Jason Robinson ( neck ) and Sale team-mate Mark Cueto ( calf ) were also sent back to their club after being assessed by England's medical staff .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Samy Vellu	Malaysian Indian Congress	A series of SMS text messages had called on ethnic Indians who did turn up to use their sandals to pelt political leaders including Samy Vellu the leader of the Malaysian Indian Congress which is a member of the ruling coalition .
per:title(e2,e1)	Prime Minister	Marouf al-Bakhit	Upon his arrival at the airport al-Hashemi was met by Prime Minister Marouf al-Bakhit and other cabinet officials .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	State	Thomas DiNapoli	On June 24 Governor Paterson asked that New York State Comptroller Thomas DiNapoli withhold the paychecks and per diems of the Senators retroactively from June 8 when Senate crisis initially started .
no_relation	Nick Jonas	Jonas Brothers	There was made an announcement that Nick Jonas the Administration will be opening for the Jonas Brothers Live In Concert tour during the concerts in South America .
per:origin(e1,e2)	he	American	During this time he became one of the first American contributors to Heavy Metal magazine .
org:top_members/employees(e2,e1)	William Holda	Kilgore College	2000 - Dr. William Holda President Kilgore College who defended the production of Tony Kushner's play Angels in America in Kilgore Texas .
org:members(e2,e1)	West Virginia University	NCAA	The 1991 West Virginia Mountaineers football team represented West Virginia University in the 1991 NCAA Division I-A football season .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Canada	Prise 2	In French Canada it currently airs on Prise 2 ( Take 2 ) and the series was dubbed in Montreal .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	DHL	Bonn	Deutsche Post AG operating under the trade name Deutsche Post DHL is the world's largest courier company.Annual report of Deutsche Post AG for 2011facts figures 2013 With its headquarters in Bonn the corporation has employees ( FTE ) in more than 220 countries and territories worldwide and generated revenue of 51.48 billion in 2010 .
per:origin(e1,e2)	manner	Finnish	The issues of these presidential elections included President Svinhufvud's refusal in September and October 1936 to allow the Social Democrats - then clearly the largest political party in Finland - to enter the government Prime Minister Kallio's moderate and conciliatory attitude towards the Social Democrats former President manner 's second attempt to regain power and the distribution of the new Finnish economic prosperity among the various social classes especially labourers and peasants .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Markus Schulz	Coldharbour Recordings	Markus Schulz C. L. McSpadden and Aaron The Pimp Scofield made mixes for Powerhouse - after the company folded Scofield and McSpadden offered remixes through Culture Shock while Schulz releases remixes and original compositions through his own Coldharbour Recordings label .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Wayne Allard	Colorado	Only one Wayne Allard of Colorado has announced his retirement .
org:city_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Sydney	Chifley University	In 1987 the New South Wales Labor government decided to name the planned new university in Sydney 's western suburbs Chifley University after the former Australian Prime Minister Ben Chifley .
no_relation	Kentucky	Bates	In March 2003 an Oldham County Kentucky judge ruled that Bates had not established residency in Kentucky citing the fact that from 1995 to 2002 he held a Virginia driver's license paid Virginia income taxes and regularly slept in his apartment in Virginia .
org:city_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Cleveland	Case Western Reserve University	Cleveland OH : Postdoctoral Fellowship Cancer Prevention and Control Comprehensive Cancer Center Case Western Reserve University .
per:spouse(e1,e2)	Herod Antipas	Herodias	The baptism of Jesus by John the Baptist places him in the Baptist's era whose chronology can be determined from Josephus ' reference ( Antiquities 18.5.2 ) to the marriage of Herod Antipas and Herodias and the subsequent defeat of Herod by Aretas IV of Nabatea in the AD 36 .
per:title(e1,e2)	Lane	musician	Ronald Frederick Ronnie Lane ( 1 April 1946 4 June 1997 ) was an English musician songwriter and producer who is best known as the bass guitarist and founding member of two prominent English rock and roll bands : Small Faces where he was nicknamed Plonk ( 1965 69 ) and after losing the band's frontman Faces with two new members added to the line up ( from The Jeff Beck Group ) who dubbed him Three-Piece ( 1969 73 ) .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Girija Prasad Koirala	Nepal	He served as a Home Minister during King Gyanendra's direct rule in 2006 until the king was forced to handover power to Girija Prasad Koirala of the Nepali Congress Party and his allies with Communist Party of Nepal ( Unified Marxist Leninist ) and Unified Communist Party of Nepal ( Maoist ) .
per:country_of_birth(e1,e2)	Juan Antonio Samaranch	Spain	Barcelona the birthplace of then-IOC president Juan Antonio Samaranch and the second largest city of Spain was selected over Amsterdam Belgrade Birmingham Brisbane and Paris in Lausanne Switzerland on October 17 1986 during the 91st IOC Session .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	VSEL	Cammell Laird	It was sold in March 1986 to an employee-led company VSEL Consortium which also included its Birkenhead-based subsidiary Cammell Laird .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Cooper Union	New York	In 1954 he left the sea and started his formal art training at the Cooper Union in New York .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Mike Lee	United States	In 2011 Mike Lee became a United States Senator from Utah .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Rod Grams	Minnesota	The race pitted incumbent Republican Senator Rod Grams against Minnesota State Auditor Mark Dayton .
per:spouse(e2,e1)	Richard Halliday	Mary Martin	In 1973 his stepfather Richard Halliday died and Hagman reconciled with his mother Mary Martin soon after .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Cuba	Alicia Alonso	In 1992 and 1993 he was a member of the National Ballet of Cuba under the artistic director Alicia Alonso rising to principal dancer in 1994 .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Political-Military Affairs	Mark Kimmitt	We focused on a wide range of areas in which we can strengthen our relationship jointly US Assistant Secretary of State for Political-Military Affairs Mark Kimmitt told a Hanoi media briefing after the talks .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Lavasa	built	Lavasa ( Marathi : ) is a private planned city being built near Pune .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Electric Factory	Philadelphia	The Out on the Noose Again Tour continued until July when the band took time out and prepared for an upcoming show at Electric Factory Philadelphia on October 31 ( Halloween ) dubbed Live from Hellview which was to be recorded for a proposed DVD release .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	me	Florida	That's why it is the appropriate time for me to step down as General Chairman and continue to focus my energy on serving my constituents in Florida said Martinez a Cuban-born former housing secretary .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Erik Santos	Star Records	Awit Para Sa ' yo is the first studio album by Filipino singer Erik Santos released on August 12 2011 by Star Records in the Philippines in CD and cassette format and in digital download through iTunes and Amazon.com .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Australia	University of Adelaide	Two visits were made to the State Library of South Australia and the Barr Smith Library University of Adelaide .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Miami Carol City High School	Florida	Phillips attended Miami Carol City High School in Miami Florida where he played safety .
org:alternate_names(e2,e1)	Kowloon-Canton Railway	MTR	In 1983 the British Section of the Kowloon-Canton Railway ( now East Rail Line of the MTR ) started to be electrified .
org:founded(e1,e2)	Brown University	1764	The Philadelphia Association of Baptist Churches sent Dr. James Manning to Rhode Island to found the College in the English Colony of Rhode Island and Providence Plantations ( later renamed Brown University ) in 1764 .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Pakistan	Asif Ali Zardari	The assassinated Pakistani opposition leader Benazir Bhutto's son Bilawal was appointed on Sunday chairman of the Pakistan People's Party ( PPP ) and Bhutto's husband Asif Ali Zardari was named co - chairman party officials said .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Standard Oil	New Jersey	In July 1915 Garven's involvement in the Bayonne refinery strikes of 1915 1916 was somewhat compromised by his simultaneous employment as counsel for Standard Oil of New Jersey .
no_relation	Judah P. Benjamin	War	Probably the most notable Jewish figure was Judah P. Benjamin ( 1811 1884 ) who before the Civil War was the first Jewish Cabinet member in a North American government .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	UFC	Zuffa LLC	In 2010 WEC was merged into UFC by parent company Zuffa LLC .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Interior	Giuliano Amato	Italy has deported dozens of Romanians since Rome last week adopted an emergency decree to fast-track expulsions after a Romanian immigrant was implicated in the murder of an Italian woman Interior Minister Giuliano Amato said Tuesday .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	NetJets	Berkshire Hathaway	At Merignac workers were assembling a Falcon 7X for NetJets a subsidiary of Berkshire Hathaway led by Warren E. Buffett .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Guadeloupe	Saint-John Perse	Guadeloupe 's culture is probably best known for the islanders ' literary achievements particularly the poetry of Saint-John Perse the pseudonym used by Alexis .
org:founded_by(e2,e1)	Adam Moore	Springbox	Dan Isaacs and Adam Moore founded Springbox on March 1 2004 .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Karl Blau	Washington	Karl Blau is an indie rock and folk musician based in Anacortes Washington and member of the Knw-Yr-Own/K Records collective .
org:founded_by(e2,e1)	Warren Buffett	Berkshire Hathaway	Sentiment was helped by moves by Japanese financial giants to take big stakes in troubled Wall Street titans while US tycoon Warren Buffett 's Berkshire Hathaway agreed to invest five billion dollars in Goldman Sachs .
per:alternate_names(e1,e2)	George III of the United Kingdom	William	jpg | George III of the United Kingdom Royal Collection File : William Wyndham Grenville 1st Baron Grenville by Gainsborough Dupont.jpg | William Grenville 1st Baron Grenville National Portrait Gallery London File : William Pitt the Younger 2 .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Tom Harkin	Iowa	Incumbent Democratic United States Senator Tom Harkin sought re-election to a third term in the United States Senate and he was challenged by United States Congressman Jim Ross Lightfoot from Iowa 's 3rd congressional district .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Gary Hart	Colorado	Obama also picked up the endorsement of former Sen. Gary Hart a Colorado Democrat and two-time presidential candidate .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Soil	Texas	He co-wrote a United States Department of Agriculture publication in 1928 titled Soil Erosion : A National Menace which was regarded as his most influential work and garnered the attention of Representative James P. Buchanan of Texas .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	1st Marine Division	Marine	Lance Cpl. Juan Lopez-Castaneda 19 2nd Battalion 7th Marine Regiment 1st Marine Division 1st Marine Expeditionary Force Mesa Arizona One of two Marines killed while supporting combat operations in Helmand Province Afghanistan on August 14 2008 .
org:alternate_names(e2,e1)	New Zealand	New Zealand Transport Agency	Land Transport New Zealand and Transit will be replaced by the New Zealand Transport Agency from 1 July 2008 .
per:title(e1,e2)	Mastella	Justice	The Union won the election and Mastella was appointed Minister of Justice in Romano Prodi's second government .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	Dallin	Bristol	Bananarama were founded in London in 1979 by Fahey Woodward and Dallin the latter two having been childhood friends in Bristol since the age of four and attending St. George's School for Girls together .
per:spouse(e1,e2)	Lucille Ball	Desi Arnaz	The celebrity Valley ranchers scrolled through the greatest of 20th century film credits : Gary Cooper of Van Nuys ; Tom Mix of Arleta ; John Wayne Clark Gable and Carole Lombard of Encino ; Gene Autry of Granada Hills ; Roy Rogers and Dale Evans and Lucille Ball and Desi Arnaz of Chatsworth .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Atlantic	Lupe Fiasco	Greenwald successes at Atlantic have included The Black Keys Bruno Mars Death Cab for Cutie Jason Mraz Kid Rock Lupe Fiasco Plies T.I. and Wiz Khalifa .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	He	California	He had four siblings who all migrated to California during the Depression .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Leonid Kuchma	Ukraine	Presidents Roman Herzog of Germany Oscar Luigi Scalfaro of Italy Edward Chevardnadze of Georgia Mario Soares of Portugal Kaspar Villiger of Switzerland and Leonid Kuchma of Ukraine as well as Queen Beatrix of The Netherlands also said they would attend .
org:alternate_names(e2,e1)	Policy	CEPMLP	The Centre for Energy Petroleum and Mineral Law and Policy ( CEPMLP ) is a graduate school at the University of Dundee Scotland United Kingdom focused on the fields of international business transactions energy law and policy mining and the use of natural resources .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Raila Odinga	Kenya	Annan and his team brokered a power-sharing agreement that pulled President Mwai Kibaki and Prime Minister Raila Odinga out of an electoral dispute that left people dead and tarnished Kenya 's image .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Wilfred	England	The first significant imports to be permanently recorded with offspring still appearing in modern purebred Arabian pedigrees were those of James Boucaut who in 1891 imported several Arabians from Wilfred and Lady Anne Blunt's Crabbet Arabian Stud in England .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Kansas	Pat Roberts	Kansas 's current senators are Republicans Pat Roberts and Jerry Moran .
no_relation	Massoud	Afghanistan	Massoud wrote : All the parties had participated in the war in jihad in Afghanistan so they had to have their share in the government and in the formation of the government .
org:founded_by(e2,e1)	Arthur Mutambara	MDC	Led by Morgan Tsvangirai with a short-lived faction led by Arthur Mutambara the MDC which presses for social and political liberalism and is backed by the Zimbabwe Congress of Trade Unions and the Open Society Initiative for Southern Africa soon usurped the opposition position in Parliament against the ZANU-PF .
org:city_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Beijing	Bank of China	As the banking partner of the Beijing 2008 Olympic Games the Bank of China will be the only licensed bank providing commercial banking and investment banking services as well as financial products .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Gayoom	Maldives	Gayoom had been a very vocal campaigner so there is a political compulsion for Nasheed to keep the Maldives at the forefront of the global warming issue said Ibrahim Ismail for many years an independent member of parliament .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	California Golden Bears	Berkeley	The 2004 California Golden Bears football team represented the University of California at Berkeley during the 2004 college football season .
per:spouse(e2,e1)	James	Margaret of Denmark	He then served as governor of Stirling Castle and as an ambassador and diplomat taking a leading role in the negotiations which led to the marriage of James and Margaret of Denmark in 1469 .
per:title(e1,e2)	Ted de Corsia	gangster	Ted de Corsia ( September 29 1903 April 11 1973 ) was an American radio film and television actor best remembered for his role as a gangster turned state's evidence in the 1951 film The Enforcer ( 1951 ) .
per:title(e1,e2)	he	President	By 1987 he was Vice-President of the Victorian Liberal Party and President in 1994 .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	MacIsaac	Loggerhead	Music - Artists - MacIsaac Ashley : MacIsaac is out on his own He subsequently signed with the independent label Loggerhead Records for his 1999 album Helter's Celtic .
org:founded(e1,e2)	Boston University Academy	1993	Boston University Academy was proposed and founded in 1993 by Peter Schweich then the Vice President of Boston University and authorized by John Silber BU Daily Free Press A look at Boston University Academy the elite private high school at the heart of the BU campus 6 December 2006 who saw it as a potential feeder school for the university .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Aftermath	Dr. Dre	After founding Aftermath Entertainment in 1996 Dr. Dre took on producer Mel-Man as a co-producer and his music took on a more synthesizer-based sound using fewer vocal samples ( as he had used on Lil ' Ghetto Boy and Let Me Ride on The Chronic for example ) .
org:alternate_names(e1,e2)	Holy Cross	Knights	Holy Cross Knights named for the English term for a social position .
per:origin(e2,e1)	Thailand	Kukrit	When George Englund decided to use Thailand as the location for the fictional country portrayed in his film The Ugly American Kukrit was appointed as cultural advisor to make sure the film accurately portrayed monarchy in a Buddhist country .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Joy Division	Ian Curtis	A biopic about the troubled life of Joy Division frontman Ian Curtis played by Sam Riley .
org:founded(e1,e2)	Mizo National Front	1961	The Mizo National Famine Front dropped the word ' famine ' and a new political organisation the Mizo National Front ( MNF ) was born on 22 October 1961 under the leadership of Laldenga with the specified goal of achieving sovereign independence of Greater Mizoram .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	He	Australia	He made over 60 appearances on British TV between 1955 and the 1990s but moved back to Australia in 1981 .
no_relation	30	Meena	Mohamad Hanif Baktash an ethnic Pashtun of the Amarkhel tribe was born on 9 May 1961 in Maidan Shar ( 30 km far from Kabul ) He was married with Meena Baktash ( British Broadcasting Corporation BBC ) .
per:origin(e1,e2)	Winston Churchill	British	He then was transferred in 1941 by Winston Churchill to serve as British Consul General to the United States in order to improve relations between Britain and the United States during World War II .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Tapout	Grand Terrace	Tapout holds roughly 75 percent of the MMA-apparel market share according to Marc Kreiner president of the company based in Grand Terrace about 60 miles east of downtown Los Angeles .
org:founded_by(e1,e2)	Perceval Press	Viggo Mortensen	Perceval Press is actor/artist Viggo Mortensen 's publishing company established 2002 with partner Pilar Perez .
org:founded(e1,e2)	Schroders	1804	Schroders ' history began in 1804 when Johann Heinrich ( John Henry ) became a partner in the London-based firm of his brother Johann Friedrich ( John Frederick ) .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Martin Scorsese	United States	- Shine A Light by Martin Scorsese with the Rolling Stones ( United States ) .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Interior	Dirk Kempthorne	Today I am listing the polar bear as a threatened species under the Endangered Species Act Secretary of the Interior Dirk Kempthorne said after satellite imagery found ice coverage had fallen to its lowest level yet recorded .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Hastings Banda	MCP	Hastings Banda became the first MCP president and later the first president of Malawi .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Rubin	Treasury	Rubin the U.S. Treasury secretary under President Bill Clinton was named to the chairman's office at Citi a year after the financial services company was formed through the combination of Travelers Group and Citibank .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	St. Thomas Aquinas Catholic Secondary School	Ontario	St. Thomas Aquinas Catholic Secondary School ( STA ) is a Catholic secondary school in London Ontario located in the neighbourhood of Oakridge in the west end of the city .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Crane School of Music	Potsdam	Ms. Moran graduated from Crane School of Music at Potsdam New York .
no_relation	Ontario	Elie Martel	He also ran as a candidate of the Ontario Liberal Party in the 1967 provincial election finishing third against New Democrat Party ( NDP ) candidate Elie Martel in Sudbury East .
no_relation	Cold Chillin	Kool G. Rap	This partnership earned Mathematics a spot on his first official tour The Cold Chillin Blizzard Tour ( with popular acts such as Biz Markie Big Daddy Kane Kool G. Rap DJ Polo and Marley Marl ) .
org:top_members/employees(e2,e1)	Chen Yuan	CDB	Chen Yuan president of the CDB Yafez Osman Bangladeshi state minister for science information and communication technology were present at the signing ceremony .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Europe	Tempest	After Europe went on hiatus in 1992 Tempest released three solo albums .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	The Cortinas	Step Forward	Bristols The Cortinas had already signed to Step Forward Records and New Bristol was another of his labels .
no_relation	Sukarno	1983	The Sukarno family had wanted to open Bung Karno University in Jakarta in 1983 .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	Chrysler	Jeep	Chrysler acquired the Jeep brand as part of the purchase of American Motors ( AMC ) on August 5 1987 for somewhere between US$ 1.7 billion and $ 2 billion depending on how costs were counted .
no_relation	His	Jacksonville	His close friend Mazz moved Hlubek out of Jacksonville to Port St. Lucie Florida and offered him moral support and many years of employment .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Norfolk and Norwich University Hospitals	Norfolk	The Norfolk and Norwich University Hospitals NHS Foundation Trust is an academic teaching NHS Foundation Trust which operates hospitals in Norfolk England .
org:founded_by(e2,e1)	Empire of Japan	Imperial Japanese Navy	After the annexation of Korea by the Empire of Japan in 1905 the Imperial Japanese Navy built extensive port facilities transforming the small town into a major naval port .
org:founded_by(e1,e2)	VMware	Mendel Rosenblum	None appears better positioned than VMware which was founded in 1998 by entrepreneur Diane Greene and her husband Stanford University associate professor Mendel Rosenblum .
per:origin(e1,e2)	Morales	Bolivia	At a gathering of farmers celebrating the 10th anniversary of the founding of MAS in March 2005 Morales declared MAS is ready to rule Bolivia having consolidated its position as the prime political force in the country .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Bahrain	Bahrain national football team	The Bahrain Football Association ( ) is the governing body of football in Bahrain and controls the Bahrain national football team .
org:founded_by(e1,e2)	Alfa Group	Mikhail Fridman	Alfa Group founded by Russian oligarch Mikhail Fridman is one of Russia's largest financial services firms and owns its largest private bank Alfa Bank .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Abbas El Fassi	Morocco	Kaczynski and Abbas El Fassi also spoke about Morocco 's cooperation with the EU and underlined the role of the Eastern Partnership and the Union for the Mediterranean .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Prachanda	Nepal	She is also scheduled to meet the leaders of the major parliamentary parties including former prime minister Prachanda whose Unified Communist Party of Nepal ( Maoist ) is the largest party in parliament .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Bushido	Aggro Berlin	When Bravo interviewed Fler he told them : In 2004 Bushido wanted to leave Aggro Berlin .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Pink Cream 69	Dennis Ward	In 1987 when Andi was 22 Pink Cream 69 was officially formed with the original lineup of Dennis Ward Kosta Zaphiriou Alfred Koffler and Deris .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Keith Moon	The Who	The Railway Hotel was a popular hangout for Mods and soon after Keith Moon joined the band The Who became a regular attraction there from June 1964 performing every Tuesday night .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	United States	58th Special Operations Wing	With General Merrill McPeak's call to retain historic United States Air Force units on the active list the 542d was inactivated on 1 April 1994 while the newly redesignated 58th Special Operations Wing took over its training mission .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Saint Petersburg State University of Engineering and Economics	Russia	The Saint Petersburg State University of Engineering and Economics is a university in Russia and also is known as ENGECON ( Russian : ) .
per:country_of_birth(e1,e2)	Marc Antoine	France	Marc Antoine was born in Paris France on the 28th of May 1963 .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Liaquat Ali Khan	woman fig	Begum Ra'ana Liaquat Ali Khan ( Urdu : ; February 13 1905 June 13 1990 ) ( Sheila Irene Pant ) DPhil NI was one of the leading woman fig ure in Pakistan Movement along with her husband Liaquat Ali Khan and career economist and prominent stateswoman from the start of the cold war till the fall and the end of the cold war .
per:origin(e2,e1)	Russian	Yuri Malenchenko	A Soyuz-FG rocket is scheduled to blast off Wednesday to take Whitson Russian Yuri Malenchenko and Malaysia's first cosmonaut Sheikh Muszaphar Shukor into orbit .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Daniel Arap Moi	Kenya	3 ) Daniel Arap Moi Kenya 's previous president has publicly declared that Oginga is a dangerous man who did not seem to show any remorse for the 1500 people who died in the attempted coup .
per:title(e2,e1)	Rhodesia	Ian Smith	The show was broadcast every weekday at 4:30 p.m. in the afternoon on South Africa's English radio service from 1973 until the station's close in 1985 as well as Radio Rhodesia under the then minority white regime of Ian Smith 's Rhodesia ( the present day Zimbabwe ) .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	He	Berlin	He lectures at the Berlin University of the Arts ( UdK Berlin - Tonmeister Institute ) on microphone recordings and analog and digital sound studio technologies in surround sound and stereo for tonmeister students .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	kiss	Mick Mars	Since there was no punk metal classification at the time The Mechanics headlined bills with bands as diverse as Fear and The Runaways and metal groups featuring future kiss members Tommy Lee and Mick Mars George Lynch of Dokken Matt Sorum of Guns and Roses and Snow featuring Carlos Cavazo .
org:members(e2,e1)	Cruxshadows	Dancing Ferret Discs	Near the end of 1997 The Cruxshadows interests were transferred to Dancing Ferret Discs and Telemetry became the new label's first release .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Kuomintang	Ma Ying-jeou	Vice President Annette Lu said Tuesday upon hearing about the indictment of opposition Kuomintang ( KMT ) Chairman and former Taipei Mayor Ma Ying-jeou that the problem of possible institutional traps should be addressed .
org:founded_by(e2,e1)	Archbishop Edmund Grindal	school	Under the statutes drawn up by the school's founder Archbishop Edmund Grindal the headmaster of the school was chosen by the Provost of the Queen's College Oxford .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Vladimir Putin	United Russia	Russia's beleaguered political opposition has alleged widespread fraud after Russian Prime Minister Vladimir Putin 's dominant United Russia party tightened its grip on politics with a sweeping victory in weekend elections .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Navy	William Jones	In his after action report to Secretary of the Navy William Jones Commodore Macdonough estimated that during the battle the Confiance had sustained at least 105 hits from round shot .
per:title(e1,e2)	Gustave Courbet	Artist	File : Parmigianino Selfportrait.jpg | Parmigianino Self-portrait in a mirror c. 1524 is itself painted on a convex surface like that of the mirrors of the period File : Johannes gumpp.jpg | Johannes Gumpp 1646 shows how most self-portraits were painted File : Courbet LAtelier du peintre.jpg | Gustave Courbet The Artist 's Studio ( L'Atelier du peintre ) : A Real Allegory of a Seven Year Phase in my Artistic and Moral Life 1855 d'Orsay The size of single-sheet mirrors was restricted until technical advances made in France in 1688 by Bernard Perrot .
org:founded_by(e1,e2)	Studio Ghibli	Hayao Miyazaki	Studio Ghibli arguably the most famous and respected animation studio in Japan was established by Hayao Miyazaki Isao Takahata and Toshio Suzuki in 1985 following the success of Miyazaki's of the Valley of the Wind .
per:spouse(e2,e1)	Charles	Henrietta Maria of France	She was the eldest daughter of King Charles I of England Scotland and Ireland and his wife Henrietta Maria of France .
no_relation	Slovakia	Robert Fico	Former Prime minister of Slovakia Robert Fico described acitivities in the company as robbery of the century .
no_relation	Jafar al Hasan	he	The way the PML-Q started an advertisement campaign in such sensitive conditions is strange said Jafar al Hasan president PML-Q ( Youth Wing ) Sindh who added that he and others registered their protest .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	ICSM	Imperial College London	Imperial College School of Medicine ( ICSM ) is the medical school of Imperial College London in England and one of the United Hospitals .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	Vivendi	Universal Music Group	The new information is required to assess the effect on rivals like Vivendi SA's Universal Music Group EMI Group PLC and Warner Music Group PLC .
per:origin(e1,e2)	her	Canadian	Jennifer J. Arroyo ( born March 20 1975 in Staten Island New York ) is an American bassist best known for her tenure in the Canadian alternative metal group Kittie .
no_relation	Switchfoot	Jon Foreman	This song written by Switchfoot singer/songwriter Jon Foreman was originally produced solely by Charlie Peacock and recorded as the opening track for Switchfoot's 2000 album Learning to Breathe and also appeared on the A Walk to Remember soundtrack which featured several other Switchfoot songs .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Joaquim Chissano	Mozambique	She ( jointly with President Joaquim Chissano of Mozambique ) was awarded the 1997 Africa Prize for Leadership for the Sustainable End of Hunger by the Hunger Project a New York-based non-governmental organization .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Northern Film School	Leeds	He is a graduate of the Northern Film School in Leeds .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	DLSU-D	Cavite	De La Salle University ( DLSU-D or La Salle-Dasma ) is a member institution of De La Salle Philippines located in City Cavite .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	Sandoz	Novartis	In July 2003 the Sandoz generics unit of Novartis filed and the FDA accepted an ANDA for a follow-on version of Pfizer's brand-name human growth hormone ( Genotropin ) that Sandoz named Omnitrope using the 505 ( b ) ( 2 ) pathway .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Calvin Coolidge	Massachusetts	Calvin Coolidge House is a historic house at 19-21 Massasoit Street in Northampton Massachusetts that was home to President of the United States Calvin Coolidge .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Mexico	Emilio	He worked in Mexico in films of the great director Emilio which led to a bit in John Ford's 1947 film The Fugitive .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Navy	Donald C. Winter	May God bless and guide this warship and all who sail on her the secretary of the Navy Donald C. Winter said before hundreds of sailors in crisp white uniforms ran onto the ship to set the traditional first watch and to salute those in the celebratory crowd below .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	He	Royal Navy	He studied at a military school in Munich together with Athanasios Miaoulis when he was small he entered on an English ship and enrolled himself into the Royal Navy and attended with evolution with his brother .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Ami Suzuki	Japan	Ami-go-round Tour is the second live-recorded concert of Japanese singer Ami Suzuki released under Sony Music Entertainment Japan .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	DHL	Germany	DHL Express U.S. the American shipping and logistics arm of Germany 's Deutsche Post AG said Wednesday that it would form a partnership with rival UPS in a bid to cut its own costs and expand its U.S. delivery operations for customers there .
org:founded(e1,e2)	MyNetworkTV	September 5 2006	On February 22 2006 Fox Television Stations announced that all of their non-Fox outlets will be charter affiliates of a new service known as MyNetworkTV which commenced operations on September 5 2006 .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Kohlrausch	University of	After a two-year work as a lecturer in Frankfurt Kohlrausch was appointed a professor of physics at the University of ( 1866 70 ) .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Flydubai	Dubai	Flydubai is operating from the less busy Terminal Two at Dubai airport .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	Continental Airlines	Continental Micronesia	On December 22 2010 Continental Airlines merged operating certificates with Continental Micronesia .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	his	London	In perhaps the book's most fascinating tale Lanois describes how Eno conjured the dreamlike compositions found on his ambient records of the 1970s and '80s : Years before he had been hit by a taxicab in London .
per:country_of_birth(e1,e2)	He	Venezuela	He was born in Bolero Alto and raised in El ( both locations in Venezuela ) .
org:founded_by(e2,e1)	Phyllis Schlafly	Eagle Forum	Gilder once President Ronald Reagan's most-quoted living author spoke Friday at an Austin gathering of the nation's most celebrated conservative movers including Phyllis Schlafly founder of the Eagle Forum ; James Dobson whose Focus on the Family professes to defend the institution of the family ; and Meese a former U.S. attorney general .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Focke-Wulf	Germany	The aircraft was built under licence by Focke-Wulf in West Germany as the FWP .149 D. The P. 149 was developed as a four-seat touring variant of the earlier P. 148 .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Coach	Jonathan Coachman	SVP Russillo hosted by Scott Van Pelt and Ryen Russillo Coach Company hosted by Jonathan Coachman and Hill Schlereth hosted by Mike Hill and Mark Schlereth ( all from ESPN Radio ) comprise the remaining weekday schedule until sign-off .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Illinois Railway Museum	Illinois	It is owned by the Illinois Railway Museum in Union Illinois .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Arcadia Publishing	Mount Pleasant	Potrero Hill Peter Linenthal and Abigail Johnston Arcadia Publishing 420 Wando Park Blvd Mount Pleasant SC 29464 0738559660 $ 21.99 c www.arcadiapublishing.com .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Sibelco	Belgium	These Dutch sites are operationally part of Sibelco Belgium .
org:top_members/employees(e2,e1)	Bruce Rockowitz	Li Fung	Anything that helps consumer sentiment is good for our business said Bruce Rockowitz president of Li Fung a Hong Kong-based exporter that sources products for major brands and retailers worldwide including Wal-Mart Stores Inc .
org:city_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Charlotte	Mallard Creek High School	A native of Charlotte North Carolina Humphries attended Mallard Creek High School where he was an All-American offensive lineman and cleared the way for 2000-yard rusher Jela Duncan .
per:cities_of_residence(e2,e1)	Birmingham	his	He was born Herman Blount on May 22 1914 in Birmingham Alabama as discovered by his biographer John F. Szwed and published in his 1998 book .
no_relation	1953	Tony Blair	Stephen Gash ( born 1953 ) stood in the Sedgefield by-election 2007 ( triggered by the resignation of Prime Minister Tony Blair ) for the English Democrats Party .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Sweden	Kikki Danielsson	Wizex is a Swedish dansband formed in Osby Sweden in 1973 with Kikki Danielsson as singer .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Waterhouse	Royal Academy	Waterhouse displayed both it and The Missal in the Royal Academy of 1902 .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Parliament	Zurab Zhvania	His appointment was widely regarded as a compromise between Lortkipanidze and the chairman of the Parliament of Georgia Zurab Zhvania .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	The New York Times Company	New York	The New York Times Company | Copyright 2008 | NYTimes.com 620 Eighth Avenue New York NY 10018 _________________________________________________________________ Get in touch in an instant .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	House	Taro Aso	The Japan Times -- The election campaign for the Tokyo Metropolitan Assembly that kicked off Friday is the preliminary battle for the looming Lower House election and could determine the fate of Prime Minister Taro Aso and his Cabinet analysts said .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Scottish Building Society	Edinburgh	The Scottish Building Society is a building society based in Edinburgh Scotland .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	Malaysia	Bank Negara Malaysia	HSBC Amanah Takaful ( Malaysia ) Sdn Bhd was incorporated in 2006 after receiving the approval in principle from Bank Negara Malaysia to form a joint venture takaful company in Malaysia .
org:founded(e1,e2)	Wesleyan University	1831	At the founding of Wesleyan University in 1831 Smith was named professor of mathematics and astronomy in Wesleyan and in 1851 Smith was elected president of the university .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Karolos Papoulias	Greece	Ambassador Bikas has also been the Director of the Greek Foreign Ministry's Press Office and Director of the Private Office of President Karolos Papoulias ; the President is a ceremonial office in Greece as power is exercised by the Prime Minister but President Papoulias still remains a respected and influential figure whose support proved vital for Bikas .
org:founded(e2,e1)	1897	University	The school was founded in 1897 and was known as the Oklahoma Colored Agricultural and Normal University .
no_relation	Paul Simon	Illinois	I 'm not sure he should come right now said David Yepsen a former political writer who is director of the Paul Simon Public Policy Institute at Southern Illinois University in Carbondale .
org:alternate_names(e1,e2)	Hainan Airlines	Hainan	However the Hainan Airlines Group the parent of China's fourth - largest airline Hainan Airlines has managed to absorb an Australian business and establish a new company in Australia affiliated with the Hainan group Chen said .
org:top_members/employees(e2,e1)	Ban Ki-moon	United Nations	Four world powers called on Israel to freeze the construction of further settlements in the West Bank UN Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon said after a meeting of the international Middle East Quartet Friday.The Quartet called on Israel to freeze all settlement activity Ban said after the meeting of the United Nations the United States Russia and the European Union .
per:country_of_birth(e1,e2)	Mogae	Botswana	I retire a proud citizen Mogae said at a farewell rally held by the ruling Botswana Democratic Party on Saturday .
per:country_of_birth(e1,e2)	Humayun Ahmed	Bangladesh	Humayun Ahmed was born in Mohongonj Netrokona but his village home is Kutubpur Mymensingh Bangladesh ( then East Pakistan ) .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	No Limit	Beats By the Pound	It was released on May 5 1998 for No Limit Records and was produced by Master P and Beats By the Pound .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	University of Science and Technology Beijing	niversit	The University of Science and Technology Beijing ( USTB ; ) formerly known as Beijing Steel and Iron Institute ( ) before 1988 is a national key u niversit y in Beijing China .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Mozambique	Samora Machel	In 1977 the People's Republic of Mozambique under the leadership of Samora Machel declared itself a Marxist-Leninist government .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	He	Texas	He brought to an international stage the same deal-making skills that he first learned in Texas .
org:city_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Cedar Rapids	Washington High School	The team is tied with Cedar Rapids Washington High School for the most team tennis titles with five to their record ( ) .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Shanda	China	Shanda Games Ltd. - Shanghai China 63 million American depositary shares each representing two class A ordinary shares priced $ 11 to $ 13 managed by Goldman Sachs Asia LLC and JPMorgan .
org:founded_by(e2,e1)	Ingrid Newkirk	PETA	15 Brian Lowry I Am an Animal : The Story of Ingrid Newkirk and PETA - Variety ( 18 Nov. 2007 ) .
per:spouse(e1,e2)	Bing Crosby	Dixie Lee	The brothers were the four sons of the popular singer Bing Crosby from his first marriage to the singer Dixie Lee .
no_relation	Pierre Trudeau	Quebec	Joseph Trudeau ( July 5 1887 - April 10 1935 ) was a successful French Canadian entrepreneur and father of Pierre Trudeau who later became Prime Minister of Canada Trudeau was born in Saint-Michel-de-Napierville Quebec the son of Marie-Malvina Cardinal ( 1849 1931 ) and Joseph Trudeau ( 1848 1919 ) a Quebec farmer .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Health and Human Services	Donna Shalala	The commission led by former Sen. Bob Dole R-Kan. and former Health and Human Services Secretary Donna Shalala met with President Bush at the White House Wednesday morning to brief him on their findings and press him for quick action .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	E Street Band	Clemons	He seems to believe that among the most significant things ever to happen to the E Street Band were the 2009 Super Bowl show Clemons ' back and leg problems and the time Damon Wayans was backstage .
no_relation	Pleasantville High School	1	At Pleasantville High School Otis was also a standout in football and a member of the 1991 undefeated season when the team was ranked # 1 in New York State .
no_relation	Transportation	Hawaii Superferry	In 2005 the State Transportation Department granted the company Hawaii Superferry an exemption from a full environmental impact statement based on a technicality .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	General Motors	GM Daewoo	General Motors unit GM Daewoo Auto Technology said Wednesday it was well in the black for 2006 and posted its first operating profit since its creation four years earlier .
per:country_of_birth(e2,e1)	Iceland	Geir Haarde	Iceland 's Prime Minister Geir Haarde said late Monday that the parliament has passed an emergency legislation which guarantees to protect the saving accounts all bank customers from a national bank crisis .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Marilyn Manson	Nothing Records	They continued to perform and release cassettes shortening their name to Marilyn Manson in 1992 until the summer of 1993 when the band drew the attention of Trent Reznor who at the time had just founded his own record label Nothing Records .
org:top_members/employees(e2,e1)	Stephen A. Schwarzman	Blackstone Group	One of Kravis ' biggest rivals Stephen A. Schwarzman of the Blackstone Group donated $ 100 million to the New York Public Library two years ago attaching his name to the institution's central Fifth Avenue building .
per:alternate_names(e1,e2)	Elizabeth Bowes-Lyon	Elizabeth	The youngest daughter of this marriage Elizabeth Bowes-Lyon married the Duke of York in 1923 and became Queen Elizabeth in 1936 when he succeeded to the throne as King George VI .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Santa Ana High School	California	Bob Spickard Brian Carman ( co-writers of Pipeline ) Bob Welch Warren Waters and Rob Marshall were all students at Santa Ana High School in California when a local group called The Rhythm Rockers inspired the five to form The Chantays .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	BCGS	India	Bishop Cotton Girls ' School ors BCGS is a private all-girls school for boarders and day scholars in Bangalore Karnataka India .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Toowoomba Preparatory School	Toowoomba	Toowoomba Preparatory School is a private co-educational primary school located in Toowoomba Queensland Australia known locally and colloquially as Prep .
per:alternate_names(e2,e1)	Exchequer	Gordon Brown	Britain's Chancellor of the Exchequer Gordon Brown and Trade and Industry Secretary Alistair Darling are set to visit India on Monday for a three-day trip Darling's department said .
no_relation	Thomas Jefferson	Virginia	Thomas Jefferson s keel was laid down on 3 February 1961 at Newport News Virginia by the Newport News Shipbuilding sponsored by Mrs. Robert S. McNamara wife of United States Secretary of Defense Robert McNamara ; and commissioned on 4 January 1963 Commander Leon H. Rathbun commanding the Blue Crew and Commander Charles Priest Jr. commanding the Gold Crew .
no_relation	Padma Seshadri Bala Bhavan	Chennai	Anand studied at the Padma Seshadri Bala Bhavan KK Nagar Chennai where he was active in school dramatics .
per:country_of_birth(e2,e1)	India	Aishwarya Rai	Police in eastern India are investigating a complaint that the designs on two saris created for Bollywood star Aishwarya Rai 's wedding were plagiarized from a previous work of art police said .
per:country_of_birth(e2,e1)	Northern Ireland	Terence O'Neill	O'Neill was the third son of Edward O'Neill 2nd Baron O'Neill ( see the Baron O'Neill for earlier history of the family ) and the uncle of the Prime Minister of Northern Ireland Terence O'Neill Baron O'Neill of the Maine .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Chavez	Venezuela	During the past decade under Chavez the income poverty rate in Venezuela dropped by more than half from 54 % of households below poverty level in the first half of 2003 down to 26 % at the end of 2008 .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e2,e1)	Oregon	Jeff Merkley	In Oregon Republican Sen. Gordon Smith faced a strong challenge from Democrat Jeff Merkley .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Hong Kong Baptist Hospital	Hong Kong	Established in 1963 Hong Kong Baptist Hospital ( HKBH ) has been serving Hong Kong people for nearly half a century .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	His	Germany	His opportunity to establish himself beyond southern Germany came in 1832 when he was able to travel to Italy 1833 1834 with the support of Grand Duke Leopold of Baden .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Ma Ying-jeou	Kuomintang	In a recent interview with CommonWealth magazine President Ma Ying-jeou said the ruling Kuomintang should nominate proper candidates for the year-end local elections and make sure that they do not turn corrupt after being elected .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Ohio	Kent State University	To pay his way through Ohio 's Kent State University Haney worked nights for the Associated Press .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Zorn	Tzadik	It was released in 2004 on Zorn 's Tzadik Records as part of the Radical Jewish Culture Series .
org:alternate_names(e2,e1)	SWPP	British Professional Photographic Associates	The SWPP-BPPA Society is a British professional photographic organization formed in January 2000 as a result of a merger between the Society of Wedding and Portrait Photographers ( SWPP ) and the British Professional Photographic Associates .
org:founded(e2,e1)	1995	Fremont-Elizabeth City High School	In 1995 amalgamation with Fremont High School formed Fremont-Elizabeth City High School and again the schools were combined at the Philip Highway site .
per:cities_of_residence(e2,e1)	Anchorage	Murkowski	Miller's decision announced Friday at a news conference in Anchorage comes one day after the state certified Murkowski as the winner .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Delaware	University of Delaware	Joe Frazer Field is an athletic field in Newark Delaware that was used for the University of Delaware 's baseball track and field football and tennis teams .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Def Jam	Scarface	It was also during this period that Cohen extended Def Jam reach by establishing Def Jam West in Los Angeles Def Jam South in Atlanta ( managed by Scarface the Houston-based rapper-turned-talent-scout ) Def Jam Germany in Berlin Def Jam Japan in Tokyo and an office in London .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Terrebonne High School	Louisiana	Dove graduated from Terrebonne High School in Houma and attended Nicholls State University in Thibodaux Louisiana .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Florida	Reno	We have the travel office fiasco the Vince Foster suicide the 900 plus FBI files fiasco Tyson foods Waco Texas that 5 year old in Florida Clinton lying to a Judge under oath Reno being forced on several occasions to do her job by pressure .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Indonesia	dan teguh	Bahkan ketika Republik Indonesia mengalami berbagai gangguan dari fihak kolonialisme dan imperialisme ( Belanda Inggris dan AS terutama ) Bung Karno dengan gigih dan teguh tetap berusaha bersikap setia kepada gagasan-gagasan besar yang sudah dimilikinya sejak umur sekitar 20 tahunan .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Pakistan	Nawaz Sharif	In 1988 the Pakistan Muslim League ( N ) was founded and established by Fida Mohammad Khan an original Pakistan Movement activist who became the party's founding president whilst Nawaz Sharif became its first secretary-general .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	He	Reading	He was baptised at St Laurence's Church in Reading .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Vietnam	Ho Chi Minh	Four men were killed in central Vietnam when a bomb left over from the war exploded along the former Ho Chi Minh Trail an official said Wednesday .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Joseph Fourier	France	The list of publications on this type of algorithm is extensive - good surveys on this topic include Cohen-Or et al. and Durand .3 D Visibility : Analytical study and Applications Durand PhD thesis Joseph Fourier Grenoble France July 1999 .
no_relation	Lifelike	Vulture	Menace's debut single ( in collaboration with Lifelike ) Discopolis was released on Alan Braxe's Label Vulture Music in 2005 and was one of the most anticipated house tracks and an Ibiza anthem within the same year .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	Benelli	Pesaro	In December HSR-Benelli changed its name to Benelli srl moved to Pesaro in Italy and is working on a new generation of Personal Watercrafts which will be available for 2012 .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Nightmare Records	Lance King	It is the band's first release and features guest appearances from Nightmare Records president Lance King .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Flagler College	Florida	After graduation she attended Flagler College in St. Augustine Florida .
no_relation	Charlotte of Mecklenburg-Strelitz	Alice	Georg is a male-line descendant of George III of the United Kingdom and Charlotte of Mecklenburg-Strelitz and a descendant of Albert Prince Consort and Victoria of the United Kingdom through their daughters Victoria Princess Royal and Princess Alice of the United Kingdom .
per:origin(e2,e1)	Cuban	Padura	Perhaps a Cuban writer can not enjoy ( like Padura does ) so many national and international awards especially the devotion of his readers without reflecting in his eyes -- and his works -- both sadness and hope an urgency to make a collective dream come true .
per:origin(e1,e2)	Ho Chi Minh	Vietnam	It is located in the centre of Ba Dinh Square which is the place where Vietminh leader Ho Chi Minh read the Declaration of Independence on September 2 1945 establishing the Democratic Republic of Vietnam .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Suharto	Indonesia	In 1969 together with Sarwo Edhie Wibowo Ali was assigned by Suharto to make sure that the people of West Papua ( then known as Irian Jaya ) voted for integration with Indonesia in the Act of Free Choice .
org:top_members/employees(e2,e1)	Larry Flynt	Hustler	It picketed outside Larry Flynt 's Hustler store called for a boycott of Marriott hotels for offering condom-free porn and filed complaints with the state Division of Occupational Safety and Health against 16 California-based production companies they believe violated workplace laws .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Kim Hyun Joong	Japan	Among them winning the Internet Best Actor Award Kim Hyun Joong could not receive the prize because he was recuperating and quarantined from H1N1 in Japan hospital .
org:city_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Mesa	Red Mountain High School	Andrews was born and grew up in Mesa Arizona where he attended Red Mountain High School .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Renault	France	* Only white square represent held championships.Formula Renault 2.0 descends from Formula France created in 1968 .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	New England Pest Control	Rhode Island	New England Pest Control also sponsors numerous Little League baseball teams throughout Rhode Island .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	American Coach Lines	Coach America	Coach USA which once had six divisions ( New England ( now owned by Peter Pan ) Northeast North Central Southeast ( now under the American Coach Lines brand of Coach America ) South Central ( now owned by Coach America ) and West ( now owned by Coach America ) ) now operates all of its operations in two divisions Northeast and North Central. : In the midwestern and northeastern United States Megabus a no-frills intercity bus service consists of two networks of services based out of Chicago New York City Philadelphia and Washington DC servicing cities in the Midwest from a hub in Chicago and in the Northeast from a hub in New York City .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	He	Nashville	He attended and graduated in 1952 from David Lipscomb High School in Nashville .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	he	United States	At the same time however he developed closer relations with the United States .
org:founded(e1,e2)	Deus	1989	He began by forming the rock band Deus in Antwerp in 1989 .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Kana	Japan	In early July Shirai and Kana took part in the 2012 Japan Expo in Paris France .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Rafael Correa	Ecuador	President Rafael Correa says Ecuador will send a diplomatic note to protest a Colombian military incursion into Ecuador .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Nokia	Finland	Last week Nokia announced plans to lay off up to 700 people globally -- about half of them in Finland where it employs some people -- but said it will try to relocate workers within the company .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Polydor Records	Eric Clapton	In 1976 the group were signed to Polydor Records performed as an opening act for Eric Clapton and toured nationwide .
no_relation	2005	Rally America	Sno * Drift 2005 was a car rally held on January 28 29 2005 as part of the Rally America ProRally and ClubRally series around Atlanta Michigan .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Dire Straits	Phonogram	Two months later Dire Straits signed a recording contract with Phonogram Records .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Australia	Jason Donovan	It opened in Melbourne Australia in July 2006 starring Jason Donovan .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	John Robinson	London	Dr. John Robinson Bishop of London was distinguished both as a statesman and a divine .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	He	Nepal	He said I am going back to Nepal as a satisfied person .
per:title(e2,e1)	Prime Minister	Lee Kuan Yew	He returned to Singapore after its independence from Malaysia and became Prime Minister Lee Kuan Yew Press Secretary for 10 years and biographer and public relations officer .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	Cheung Kong Holdings	Hutchison Whampoa	Some of the projects Cheung Kong Holdings is currently developing in Hong Kong : Apart from the core business of property development Cheung Kong Holdings ' ventures include TOM Group Limited ( together with Hutchison Whampoa ) iMarkets Ltd iBusiness Corporation Limited CK Communications Ltd Excel Technology International Holdings Ltd mReferral Corporation ( HK ) Ltd and Beijing Net-Infinity Technology Development Co. Ltd .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Ernesto Zedillo	Institutional Revolutionary Party	Francisco Labastida Ochoa Secretary of the Interior during the latter part of Ernesto Zedillo 's administration was regarded as the president's candidate during the Institutional Revolutionary Party 's primaries ( the first ones the party had ever held ) and during his unsuccessful campaign against former President Vicente Fox .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Icelandic Financial Supervisory Authority	Iceland	Based on new legislation the Icelandic Financial Supervisory Authority ( FME ) proceeds to take control of Kaupthing to ensure continued commercial bank operations in Iceland the authority said in a statement as Iceland's economy verges on collapse .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Wilfrid Laurier University	Ontario	He received an honorary Doctor of Laws from Wilfrid Laurier University in Waterloo Ontario in 1981 and was inducted into the CAB Broadcast Hall of Fame in 1985 .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Princeton University	New Jersey	Wheeler became a professor at Princeton University in New Jersey in the 1930s and remained on the faculty at the prestigious university all his academic life before moving to the University of Texas in 1976 when he was close to retirement .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Klayton	Celldweller	Klayton and Criss Angel parted ways in 2000 after three albums ' worth of material had been completed allowing Klayton to devote all of his time to Celldweller .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Popular Movement	Simone Veil	Sarkozy's ruling Union for a Popular Movement ( UMP ) has counterattacked with the announcement that Simone Veil 79 the highly respected Auschwitz survivor and former UDF minister is backing its candidate not Bayrou .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Lin Biao	Cultural Revolution	Around the time of the death of Lin Biao the Cultural Revolution began to lose impetus .
org:members(e2,e1)	University of Richmond	NCAA	The Richmond Spiders baseball team represents the University of Richmond in National Collegiate Athletics Association ( NCAA ) Division I. The Spiders compete in the Atlantic 10 ( A-10 ) conference .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Mahmoud Ahmadinejad	Iran	President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad warned Monday that Iran would retaliate strongly to any possible attack by the United States over Tehran's controversial nuclear programme .
no_relation	1985	University of Oldenburg	He has qualifications in mathematics and physics a Doctorate in Theoretical Physics from the University of Regensburg which he completed in 1980 followed in 1985 by his habilitation in theoretical physics at the University of Oldenburg .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	They	NCAA	They compete as a member of the National Collegiate Athletic Association ( NCAA ) Division I level ( Football Bowl Subdivision ( FBS ) sub-level for football ) primarily competing in the Atlantic Coast Conference ( ACC ) for all sports since the 1953-54 season .
org:founded_by(e1,e2)	VMware	Edouard Bugnion	Reza Malekzadeh then joined VMware co-founded by Mendel Rosenblum Diane Greene and Edouard Bugnion .
per:country_of_birth(e2,e1)	United States	Abraham Lincoln	The spot resolutions were offered in the United States House of Representatives on 22 December 1847 by Abraham Lincoln Whig representative from Illinois .
no_relation	Johannes Gutenberg	Mainz	The body of a gene-doped athlete produces the performance-enhancing hormones itself without having to introduce any foreign substances to the body Prof. Perikles Simon of Johannes Gutenberg University in Mainz said .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Evo Morales	MAS	Founded in 1957 as an arm of the Pro Santa Cruz Committee ( Comite Pro Santa Cruz ) http://www.comiteprosantacruz.org.bo/luch.html the UJC has recently become the subject of controversy and accusation concerning its activities in support of the Santa Cruz autonomy movement in opposition to the government of Evo Morales and his MAS political party .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	United States	Jewel	Alaska was home to some of the United States ' renowned performers such as the singer Jewel and Hobo Jim who was legislatively declared Alaska's state balladeer .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Iraq	Iraqi National Congress	Iraq 's Ahmad Chalabi an influential Shiite and head of the opposition Iraqi National Congress said the Baghdad conference was long overdue and expressed hope it would help in building international support for the Iraqi government .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Central California Traction	Stockton California	It was originally built as an interurban system connecting to the Central California Traction Company Western Pacific Railroad Southern Pacific Railroad and Atchison Topeka and Santa Fe Railway in Stockton California .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Martinez	Florida	Martinez the only Hispanic Republican in the Senate disclosed his plans in a statement to supporters and was expected to publicly announce the decision later Friday in Florida the state he represents .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Navy	Claude A. Swanson	The second carrier of the Yorktown-class Enterprise was launched on 3 October 1936 at Newport News Shipbuilding sponsored by Lulie Swanson wife of Secretary of the Navy Claude A. Swanson and commissioned on 12 May 1938 .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	He	Connecticut	He eventually became a U.S. senator from Connecticut and chairman of the Senate Banking Committee .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	India	Pratibha Patil	The Secretary-General will then travel to India where he is slated to hold talks with President Pratibha Patil and Prime Minister Manmohan Singh among other senior officials as well as give a lecture at the Rajiv Gandhi Foundation and meet with Indian business leaders on climate change .
no_relation	Mamiya	Endeavour	We are quite honored that Mr Doi contributed to the construction of the space station Kaoru Mamiya vice president of the Japanese Aerospace Exploration Agency said after Endeavour landed .
org:members(e2,e1)	Manchester United	Premier League	Manchester United however regained the Premier League in 1995 96 after much scrutiny over the inexperience of the first team at the beginning of the season .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Yugoslavia	PGP-RTB	Other major labels in the former Socialist Federal Republic of Yugoslavia were : PGP-RTB and Jugodisk from Belgrade ; Suzy from Zagreb ; Diskoton from Sarajevo ; ZKP RTLJ from Ljubljana and others .
per:alternate_names(e1,e2)	Bangko Sentral ng Pilipinas	Philippines	The banknotes first issued by today's Bangko Sentral ng Pilipinas ( formerly the Central Bank of the Philippines ) were the VICTORY-CBP Overprints in 1949 which were merely overprints of older American-era banknotes .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Susan Collins	Maine	The organization is trying to pressure Republican Sens. Olympia Snowe and Susan Collins of Maine to vote to allow a repeal of the policy .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e2,e1)	Louisiana	David Vitter	Louisiana Republican Sen. David Vitter said many Louisianians are frustrated that Democrats who run Congress have been holding hearings while the uncapped well continues to sully Gulf Coast waters .
per:country_of_birth(e1,e2)	Rembrandt	Netherlands	Rembrandt Harmenszoon van Rijn was born on 15 July 1606 in Leiden in the Dutch Republic nowadays the Netherlands .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Larry Norman	Capitol	But Larry Norman left the band on the day when Capitol followed up the little hit that could with a revamped version of the album for its premier release .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Regence	Oregon	And Kerry Barnett executive vice president of Regence corporate division earned $ from Washington and $ in Oregon for a total of $ .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Winston	Australia	Winston eventually returned and immersed himself in Australia 's emerging dance music scene in 2000 working with many local D.J and producers and culminating in a project called Atari Baby releasing an album and many singles remixes and videos under the moniker .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Bobby Byrd	King	Desperate to find a replacement group he again called Bobby Byrd who was still living in Cincinnati and working at King Studios to help find him a new band .
no_relation	Chuck Berry	Chess	Carl Perkins - Blue Suede Shoes - Sun 234 v Chuck Berry - Roll Over Beethoven - Chess 1626 .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Obiang	Equatorial Guinea	Since independence the two Presidents ( and Obiang ) have been the dominant political forces in Equatorial Guinea .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Slovakia	Robert Fico	Incoming Hungarian Foreign Minister Janos Martonyi says Slovakia 's retaliation is unjustified while Slovak Prime Minister Robert Fico says possible dual citizenship poses a security risk for Slovakia .
org:founded_by(e2,e1)	Tim Schafer	Double Fine Productions	Developer Tim Schafer along with others of the Grim Fandango development team would leave LucasArts after this project to begin a new company ( Double Fine Productions ) and go on to produce the similarly problematic Psychonauts .
org:alternate_names(e1,e2)	Fritt Ord	Foundation	The project had economical support from the Fritt Ord Foundation and the Ministry of Culture and the second edition ( NBL2 ) was launched in the years 1999-2005 including 10 volumes and ca. articles .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Argentina	de San	After his return to Buenos Aires he participated in the May Revolution in 1810 and was named Governor of Cuyo ( western Argentina ) by Supreme Director Gervasio Posadas serving in that capacity from July to September 1812 ; he was succeeded by General de San .
per:title(e2,e1)	State	John Negroponte	US Deputy Secretary of State John Negroponte will travel to Tokyo Seoul and Beijing on May 7-12 for talks on a range of issues the State Department said Tuesday.pmh / ag .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Ma Ying-jeou	Kuomintang	Taiwan's opposition leader Ma Ying-jeou Tuesday resigned as chief of the Kuomintang ( KMT ) party but immediately declared he would run for the 2008 presidential election despite his indictment for corruption .
org:alternate_names(e2,e1)	San Diego State College	San Diego State University	While stationed in San Diego California he chose to attend San Diego State College now San Diego State University .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Codelco	Chile	Thus in a major step for Codelco in 1992 it invited domestic and foreign mining firms to participate in four joint explorations in northern Chile .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Nigeria	Ibrahim Babangida	Navy Captain Eben Ibim Princewill was Military Governor of Cross River State Nigeria between 1986 and December 1989 during the military regime of General Ibrahim Babangida .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Quebec	Pierre-Marc Johnson	He was the National Assembly of Quebec for Lac-Saint-Jean from 1976 to 2002 and occupied several portfolios as a Minister under the Parti governments of Pierre-Marc Johnson Jacques Parizeau Lucien Bouchard and Bernard Landry .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	The Script	Ireland	The music video features band members of The Script within a studio and clips of a couple who have emigrated from Ireland to New York .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Louis-Alexandre Taschereau	Quebec	Although the scandal did not topple the provincial government of Louis-Alexandre Taschereau who was reelected for a third term in the Quebec general election of 1931 economic historian Albert Faucher wrote that it focused the public's attention on the issue of electricity which led a decade later to the nationalization of MLH P and the establishment of .
per:origin(e1,e2)	Henrik Pontoppidan	Danish	Having met Henrik Pontoppidan through Edvard Brandes encouraged the outstanding Danish writer to join .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Bonaparte	Navy	Bonaparte was Secretary of the Navy and then Attorney General .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Samy Vellu	Malaysian Indian Congress	Much of the anger is directed at Samy Vellu head of the Malaysian Indian Congress party .
per:spouse(e2,e1)	Judith Malina	Julian Beck	The Living Theatre created by Judith Malina and her husband Julian Beck in 1947 which had its heyday in the 1960s during the Vietnam War is a primary example of politically oriented Brechtian performance art in the United States .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	William D. Coleman	United States	Notable residents have included William D. Coleman the 13th President of Liberia whose family settled in Clay-Ashland after immigrating from Fayette County Kentucky United States when he was a boy .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Pervez Musharraf	Pakistan	Pervez Musharraf sworn in for new five-year term as Pakistan 's civilian president .
no_relation	Applied Sciences Municipality	Kuopio	Each member municipality has votes in the municipality consortium council depending on the three-year average number of its inhabitants studying at Savonia.Savonia University of Applied Sciences Municipality Consortium : Founding Document Currently Kuopio has slightly over half of the votes .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	University of Ulster	Coleraine	Norman Alan Burges ( 5 August 1911 4 October 2002 ) CBE was an Australian botanist who became the first Vice-Chancellor of the New University of Ulster in Coleraine Northern Ireland .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Temaru	French Polynesia	In his nomination speech to the Assembly Temaru described the current tourism situation in French Polynesia as catastrophic .
per:spouse(e1,e2)	Chad Michael Murray	Sophia Bush	Given the speed of Chad Michael Murray 's engagement to Kenzie Dalton -- just one year after he wed One Tree Hill costar Sophia Bush -- Internet rumors abounded that Dalton might be pregnant .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	South Africa	Mr. Smith	The cause was a stroke suffered at a nursing home near Cape Town [ South Africa ] said Sam Whaley a friend and former senator in Mr. Smith 's Rhodesian Front government .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	University of Oulu	Finland	Markku Niskanen ( 2002 ) of the Department of Anthropology at the University of Oulu Finland disputes past claims that Finno-Ugrians are Mongoloid .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Arlen Specter	Republican	Pat Toomey a Republican former Congressman representing the Lehigh Valley-based 15th congressional district had previously challenged incumbent Arlen Specter in the Republican primary of the 2004 Senate race in which the conservative Toomey tried to portray Specter as too liberal .
per:country_of_birth(e2,e1)	England	Davey Boy Smith	Thornton is slated to appear in a documentary about the life of fellow Briton Chris Adams in The Gentleman's Choice where he is famous for mentioning that some of his friends who left England to compete in the United States came home in a box ( Adams and Davey Boy Smith ) in a wheelchair ( Tom Billington aka The Dynamite Kid ) or as drug addicts ( all three aforementioned wrestlers ) .
no_relation	Indovision	TelkomVision	In Indonesia it is available on Indovision Aora TV and TelkomVision .
no_relation	Royal Academy of Music	University of London	In 1997 he was elected an Honorary Member of the Royal Academy of Music and in 2001 received a personal chair in his conferment as a Professor of the University of London .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e2,e1)	Georgia	Thomson	After graduating high school and winning a Georgia Music Hall of Fame scholarship Thomson attended Kennesaw State University in Kennesaw .
per:title(e2,e1)	director	Simon Wincer	The Cup has been made into a feature film based on a script by O'Keefe and Australian director Simon Wincer .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Paraguay	Alfredo Stroessner	One of South America's poorest countries Paraguay was ruled by dictator Alfredo Stroessner a former army general for 35 years until he was deposed in 1989 .
org:founded(e1,e2)	Generation Investment Management	2004	Gore self-proclaimed Patron Saint of the Environment buys his carbon off-sets from himself -- the Generation Investment Management LLP an independent private owner-managed partnership established in 2004 with offices in London and Washington D.C. of which he is both chairman and founding partner .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	university	Beirut	The university has two campuses within Lebanon one in Beirut and the other in Byblos.The university's Beirut Campus has expanded over the past five years .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	Sean Combs	New York City	The drink was created at a Hpnotiq launch event by a restaurant bartender Kenneth Surita at Sean Combs ' New York City restaurant Justin's .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	York Wilson	Toronto	On September 6 1961 in Yorkville Michigan Carpenter married Virginia York Wilson of Toronto the daughter of the well-known Canadian artist Ronald York Wilson .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Antonio Di Pietro	Italy	Mastella has been trading barbs with Infrastructure Minster Antonio Di Pietro a former anti-corruption prosecutor over a corruption investigation being led by a prosecutor in southern Italy .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Richmond	Division I	With the championship Richmond was awarded an automatic bid to the 2011 NCAA Men's Division I Basketball Tournament where it received a 12-seed and defeated Vanderbilt in the second round of the tournament before eliminating Morehead State in the third round .
org:alternate_names(e2,e1)	Building Society	Norwich and Peterborough Building Society	Barnsley today is part of the Yorkshire Building Society Group which comprises ; Yorkshire Building Society Chelsea Building Society Norwich and Peterborough Building Society Accord Mortgages and Egg Banking .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Pat Boone	Florida	Pop singer Pat Boone appeared on one episode as himself with the premise that he hailed from the same area of the country as the Clampetts though Boone is a native of Jacksonville Florida .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Fred Meyer	Oregon	The Fred Meyer Challenge was a charity golf tournament played in the Portland metropolitan area in the U.S. state of Oregon .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	she	USA	In the 1980s she entered several beauty contests winning Miss Teen All American in 1985 and Miss Ohio USA in 1986 .
per:origin(e1,e2)	Robert Augustus Toombs	American	Robert Augustus Toombs ( July 2 1810 December 15 1885 ) was an American and Confederate political leader Whig Party senator from Georgia a founding father of the Confederacy its first Secretary of State and a minor Confederate general in the Civil War .
org:alternate_names(e1,e2)	Independent Commission Against Corruption	ICAC	The Independent Commission Against Corruption ( ICAC ) modelled after CPIB was later set up in Hong Kong in 1974 .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Bachelet	Health	Bachelet who led in every major poll served as Health Minister before President Lagos named her as Chile's first female Defense Minister in 2002 .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Office of Science and Technology Policy	United States	He is currently the Principal Assistant Director for Science at the Office of Science and Technology Policy ( OSTP ) in the Executive Office of the President of the United States and leads the White House's neuroscience initiative .
no_relation	Japan	Tetsuya Komuro	In Japan she cites the acts of producer Tetsuya Komuro as her J-Pop influences particularly SPEED and Namie Amuro .
org:members(e2,e1)	UMass Minutemen	Division I	The UMass Minutemen men's lacrosse team represents the University of Massachusetts Amherst in National Collegiate Athletic Association ( NCAA ) Division I men's lacrosse .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	Movie Central	Corus Entertainment	The channel is owned as a joint venture between The Movie Network's owner Astral Media ( which distributes the channel in Eastern Canada though Bell Media is in the process of acquiring TMN and Astral's share of HBO Canada through a takeover of Astral Media ) and Movie Central 's owner Corus Entertainment ( which distributes the channel in Western Canada ) .
per:cities_of_residence(e2,e1)	Los Angeles	Charles Lloyd	A cousin of tenor saxophonist Buddy Tate Potts studied architecture in Los Angeles and took lessons by Charles Lloyd .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Belmont High School	Belmont	Kim was born in Los Angeles California and is a 1935 graduate of Belmont High School where she excelled in art and was an art editor for the 1935 Campanile ( Belmont 's yearbook ) .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Sonthi Boonyaratglin	Council for National Security	As the constitution rewrite depends on parliamentary it is necessary to conduct a public referendum to allow the people to take part in the amendment procedure General Sonthi Boonyaratglin former head of the now-defunct Council for National Security ( CNS ) said Monday .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Asian Institute of Technology	Thailand	The Rangsit Campus is situated in the TU's Rangsit Center approximately 42 kilometers north of Bangkok just next to the Asian Institute of Technology and Thailand Science Park .
org:alternate_names(e1,e2)	Consumer Reports	Consumers Union	Consumer Reports known as Consumers Union from its founding until 2012 is a non-profit organization best known as the publisher of Consumer Reports based in the United States .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	McConnell	Kentucky	Paul's victory amounted to a direct rebuke of McConnell 's status as the godfather of Kentucky politics and showed that even the most powerful Republican in the Senate ca n't stop the onrush of the tea partiers .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Baldwin	Worcestershire	Baldwin under pressure to resign as Leader of the Conservative Party toyed with the idea of resigning his safe Worcestershire seat of Bewdley and contesting the by-election himself .
per:country_of_birth(e2,e1)	Latvia	Valdis Zatlers	Russia and Latvia vowed Monday to move past decades of mistrust and restore neighbourly relations during a historic visit to Moscow by Latvian President Valdis Zatlers .
no_relation	France	Patrice Lauzon	Earlier Thursday defending ice dancing champions Albena Denkova and Maxim Staviski of Bulgaria edged ahead of Canada's Marie - France Dubreuil and Patrice Lauzon after the original dance .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	University of Wisconsin-Madison	Madison	The Wisconsin Center for the Advancement of Postsecondary Education ( WISCAPE ) was established in 2001 on the University of Wisconsin-Madison campus by former UW Madison Chancellor David Ward .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Global TV	Indonesian	JKT48 made its first public appearance on 17 December on the live music program 100 % Ampuh on Global TV and performed Heavy Rotation with lyrics translated into Indonesian .
no_relation	Redman	Def Jam	Method Man and Redman also appear in Def Jam Vendetta Def Jam : Fight for NY and Def Jam : Icon video games often as tag team partners and briefly had their own television sitcom Method Red on Fox during the 2003 2004 season .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Pagan	North Melbourne	He was an assistant under Pagan for thirteen years at North Melbourne from 1994 until 2002 and then at Carlton Football Club from 2003 until 2006 .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	The Dawn	Afterimage	Reyes met The Dawn during his tenure with Afterimage although he had already known Jett Pangan in university during interpretative reading contests which Pangan regularly won .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Democratic Action Party	Manoharan	Karpal Singh and M. Kulasegaran two Democratic Action Party ( DAP ) Members of Parliaments filed an application to free Manoharan but it was struck out by the presiding judge because the photocopy of the detention order served to Manoharan was not certified .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	Tranz Scenic	West Coast Railway	Tranz Rail sold 50 % of Tranz Scenic to two directors of the Victoria Australia rail operator West Coast Railway for $ 33 million .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Israel Defense Forces	Israel	Israel Defense Forces said Alba was the head of the Democratic Front in northern Gaza and was involved in attempts to infiltrate Israel and launch attacks on Israeli targets .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Andrea Iannone	Italy	Elias beat home Japan's Yuki Takahashi ( Tech 3 ) and Andrea Iannone of Italy on a Speed Up bike .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	KDP	Nechervan Barzani	ISBN 0-7432-9423-8 Prime Ministers of the PUK-controlled part of Iraqi Kurdistan : http://rulers.org/ruli.html#iraq Prime Ministers of the KDP-controlled part of Iraqi Kurdistan : After the reconciliation between the KDP and PUK parliamentary elections were held on January 30 2005 and an agreement was made to let a KDP leader become Prime Minister for the first term and a PUK Prime Minister to become President for the second term so Nechervan Barzani became Prime Minister .
per:alternate_names(e1,e2)	Cline	Virginia Hensley	Cline composed and recorded A Stranger in My Arms and Do n't Ever Leave Me Again in 1957 under her birth name Virginia Hensley .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Middlesbrough	Steve Gibson	Some early season relegation worries saw Middlesbrough chairman Steve Gibson respond by installing former England boss Terry Venables as joint manager alongside Bryan Robson in December .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Martha Shoffner	Arkansas	Martha Shoffner is the former state treasurer of Arkansas .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	The Breakers	Wicked Cool Records	The Breakers signed a record contract in June 2008 with Wicked Cool Records run and owned by Steven Van Zandt .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Interior	Giuliano Amato	Italian Interior Minister Giuliano Amato reported that the hijacker slipped into the cockpit with a package which could have been a bomb when flight attendants opened the cockpit door and the pilots acted according to the international rules in the matter and did what the hijacker wanted .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Strathallan School	Scotland	Strathallan School is an independent boarding and day school in Scotland for boys and girls aged 9 18 .
org:members(e2,e1)	mario	Nintendo	is a corporation responsible for marketing and licensing the mario franchise and is affiliated with Nintendo .
no_relation	He	New York	He was educated at New York University and Princeton University with the intention of becoming a Presbyterian minister .
no_relation	Michael Jackson	US	It's unbelievable : first Michael Jackson and now Pina it's a big hole in the universe US choreographer Carolyn Carlson told AFP in a telephone interview .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Commerce	Ron Brown	1996 : A plane carrying US Commerce Secretary Ron Brown crashes in stormy weather on a hillside outside Dubrovnik Croatia killing all 33 aboard .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Nigeria	Sani Abacha	She played a major role in getting Switzerland to return to Nigeria millions of dollars looted by the country's late military ruler Sani Abacha .
per:cities_of_residence(e2,e1)	Karachi	Zardari	State prosecutor Mohammed Farooq said the high court in Karachi dismissed the murder charges against Zardari because of lack of evidence .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	Eastern Air Defense Force	Air Defense Command	Due to the lack of jet aircraft in the United States ( most were being used in the Korean War ) the 157th was re-equipped with very long-range F-51H Mustangs and the unit was allocated to the Eastern Air Defense Force Air Defense Command ( ADC ) .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Iceland	Geir Haarde	Karolos Papoulias also met in with the Prime Minister of Iceland Geir Haarde and discussed subjects such as joint cooperation in the economic sector in the Balkans .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Celio	Saint-Ouen	Celio ( officially ) or celio * ( in advertising ) is a French men's clothing retailer headquartered in Saint-Ouen France .
org:alternate_names(e2,e1)	Southern	California High School	While active he led two different Southern California High School football programs to championships .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Green Howards	England	His Victoria Cross is displayed at the Green Howards Museum in Richmond North Yorkshire England .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Chile	Manuel Balmaceda	As United States Minister to Chile ( 1889 93 ) he represented the United States when relations were strained during the revolt against President Manuel Balmaceda .
org:founded_by(e2,e1)	Peter Morton	Hard Rock Cafe	In the early 1980s Paulene Stone married Peter Morton co-founder of the Hard Rock Cafe restaurant chain and moved to Los Angeles .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Raul Castro	Cuba	Raul Castro Named Cuba 's New President .
org:alternate_names(e1,e2)	Volkswagen Group of America	Volkswagen of America	Until the contractual situation has been clarified Michael Lohscheller will assume interim responsibility for Volkswagen Group of America and Mark Barnes will assume interim responsibility for Volkswagen of America Volkswagen of America said in a statement .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Interior	Wilhelm Frick	In February 1940 he was appointed Lord Mayor of regional capital Dresden at the suggestion of Reichsstatthalter ( ) Martin Mutschmann by Reich Minister of the Interior Wilhelm Frick .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Desai	India	Desai served as Deputy Prime Minister and Finance minister of India in the Indira Gandhi government until 1969 when Prime Minister Mrs Gandhi without consulting him took away the finance portfolio from him .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Defence	Boris Tadi?	In September 2003 he became an advisor for foreign affairs ( European issues ) to the Defence Minister of Serbia and Montenegro Boris Tadi? ?
per:title(e2,e1)	Prime Minister	Silvio Berlusconi	Police arrested a young man overnight outside Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi 's hospital room a police spokesman said Wednesday .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Oscar Arias	Costa Rica	The group met three times in 2008 and published a final report on the issue In 2009 Oscar Arias then in his second term as President of Costa Rica introduced the Treaty at the United Nations saying : I return today as a Rip Van Winkle of the modern era to see that everything has changed except this .
per:spouse(e2,e1)	Sue Carol	Alan Ladd	She was discovered by talent agent Sue Carol ( wife of actor Alan Ladd ) while working as an elevator operator .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Thompson	Health and Human Services	Thompson the Health and Human Services secretary in President George W. Bush's first term entered the crowded Republican presidential field early this year only to spend several months struggling to raise money and gain traction in key early voting states .
org:members(e2,e1)	Columbia National Guard	United States	The District of Columbia National Guard is the branch of the United States National Guard based in Washington D.C. .
org:city_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Dorset	The Thomas Hardye School	After living for a short while in Scotland Milner spent most of his youth in Dorset England at The Thomas Hardye School .
org:founded(e1,e2)	university	2005	While the university started functioning in November 2005 the teaching programme was started in July 2006 .
org:founded_by(e1,e2)	Tsubakimoto Chain	Setsuzo Tsubakimoto	Tsubakimoto Chain was established in 1917 by Setsuzo Tsubakimoto in Kita-ku Osaka as a private enterprise known as Tsubakimoto Shoten manufacturing bicycle chains .
no_relation	Korean Air	Seoul	The group left on a Korean Air flight to Seoul on Saturday Japan's Kyodo News agency reported .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Pakistan	Ufone	Pak Telecom Mobile Limited ( PTML ) is a wholly owned subsidiary of PTCL listed as a public limited company in the year 1998 and provide cellular mobile services in Pakistan under the brand of Ufone .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	William Denison	Van Diemen's Land	The division was one of the five established when the former Division of Tasmania was redistributed on 2 October 1903 and is named for Sir William Denison who was Lieutenant Governor of Van Diemen's Land 1847-55 .
no_relation	United States	Five	In February Marshall represented the United States in the 2010 ICC World Cricket League Division Five where the United States won promotion to the 2010 ICC World Cricket League Division Four in Italy .
no_relation	Shahaji	Shivaji	Accounts vary with some saying Shahaji was conditionally released in 1649 after Shivaji and Sambhaji surrendered the forts of Kondhana Bangalore and Kandarpi others saying he was imprisoned until 1653 or 1655 ; during this period Shivaji maintained a low profile .
per:title(e2,e1)	actress	Amanda Bynes	Gorgeous floral hand-woven embroidery gilded piping and mandarin collars reigned as designer Georgina Chapman wife of studio mogul Harvey Weinstein mingled with guests like actress Amanda Bynes stylist Rachel Zoe and American Idol runner-up Katharine McPhee .
no_relation	Currie Cup	Free State Cheetahs	He scored a try in the Currie Cup final win 36-24 against the Free State Cheetahs ( 3rd min ) following a superb crosskick from Fourie du Preez for his first final at 21 ( the youngest player in the starting line ) wearing the number 14 jersey .
org:members(e2,e1)	Azad Hind	Indian National Army	More important was the Azad Hind Fauj ( Indian National Army ) trials in the immediate aftermath of the Second World War .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Theo Epstein	Sox	The Red Sox contested the Yankees for Jose Contreras right up until Christmas Eve 2002 before Theo Epstein then the Sox ' assistant general manager and international scouting liaison Luis Eljaua left Nicaragua empty-handed the Cuban defector deciding he preferred Yanqui dollars .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Teru	Japan	Teru Saiki and Kusuhara Japan 0 .
org:alternate_names(e1,e2)	Federal Energy Regulatory Commission	FERC	Instead the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission ( FERC ) refused to allow them to renew the license .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Jadavpur University	India	As of today he taught at several universities around the globe including Clemson University USA as a Fulbright Scholar and Jadavpur University India as a Visiting Associate Professor .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Nepal	Girija Prasad Koirala	India paid tribute to former Nepal prime minister Girija Prasad Koirala after his death on Saturday describing him as a wise leader who guided the Himalayan nation in the right direction .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Keynote Systems	California	A competing measurement firm Keynote Systems Inc. in California also found E Trade one of two sites that experienced no delays on Jan. 22 .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Aaliyah	United States	They had a flight scheduled the following day but with filming finishing early Aaliyah and her entourage were eager to return to the United States and made the decision to leave immediately .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Maung Aye	SPDC	Four years ago with the support of his OTS men Than Shwe's authority was unchallenged - but with these new promotions Maung Aye and Thura Shwe Mann would effectively control the SPDC .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	Dewey Robertson	Hamilton	On Friday I learned that Dewey Robertson known to millions as The Missing Link was hospitalized in Hamilton with a recurrence of his cancer and not expected to last much longer .
no_relation	Louisiana	Tim McGraw	At the July 28 show in Lafayette Louisiana at the close of Tim McGraw 's set a female fan reached out and grabbed McGraw's nether regions .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	school	Letchworth	The school is part of the Letchworth Sixth Form Consortium with Fearnhill School .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Miami-Dade County	Carlos Alvarez	Cat owners can breathe a sigh of relief today said the mayor of Miami-Dade County Carlos Alvarez .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	He	Idaho	He served 18 years in the U.S. Senate ( 1991 2009 ) preceded by 10 years in the U.S. House representing Idaho 's first district ( 1981 91 ) .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Bolivia	Evo Morales	Bolivia 's Evo Morales had nose tumor : leaked US cable .
org:top_members/employees(e2,e1)	Tim Schafer	Fine	According to Tim Schafer president and lead developer of Double Fine 1.4 million copies of the game had been sold by February 2011 .
per:cities_of_residence(e2,e1)	Detroit	Levin	At a news conference in Detroit Monday Levin said he expects GM to get $ 8 billion and Chrysler $ 7 billion under the Bush administration's plan while the Treasury secretary likely would become the car czar and oversee restructuring the automakers .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Jedi Mind Tricks	Stoupe the Enemy of Mankind	Paz formed the outfit in the late '90s with the original roster of Bahamadia Chief Kamachi Virtuoso 7L Esoteric plus Jedi Mind Tricks ' other members Stoupe the Enemy of Mankind and Jus Allah .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Nepal	Prachanda	The leader of Nepal 's Maoists Prachanda was sworn in as prime minister of the world's youngest republic Monday an AFP reporter witnessed.str-sjt / sas/sst .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Aftermath	Dawaun Parker	Aftermath Entertainment collaborator Dawaun Parker has stated that he is also featured on the song .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Foreign Affairs	Ben Bot	Minister of Foreign Affairs Ben Bot travelled to Damascus negotiated and on December 22 the children finally could return to the Netherlands .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Andrews University	Michigan	Andrews University Press ( AUP ) is an academic publishing authority operated under the auspices of Andrews University in Berrien Springs Michigan .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Juan Bautista	Venezuela	Juan Bautista ( 20 December 1869 7 May 1952 ) was a Venezuelan lawyer magistrate and politician who served as President of Venezuela between 1929 until 1931 .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	Division	Lincoln	He played football for his local club before joining Football League Second Division club Lincoln City .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	he	Toto	In 1985 he released the instructional Star Licks guitar video featuring many of the guitar parts from the first five Toto studio albums .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Rosita Vai	New Zealand	All I Ask is a single by Rosita Vai released in 2005 after she became the winner of the second season of New Zealand Idol .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Cambodia	Hun Sen	Cambodia has appointed former Thai prime minister Thaksin Shinawatra as economic adviser to premier Hun Sen and his administration a Cambodian government statement said Wednesday .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	d ?eljko Joksimov	the Belgr	The shows were hosted by Jovana Jankovi? an d ?eljko Joksimov i? at the Belgr ade Arena which had a total capacity of more than seats .
no_relation	Middle East	Sera	His interviews have appeared in Al-Hayat Al-Sharq al-Awsat and Al-Jazeera in the Middle East Der Spiegel and Die Welt in Germany La Repubblica La Stampa and Corriera della Sera in Italy El Mundo in Spain and Le Monde in France as well as in leading media outlets in Austria Belgium Brazil Canada Denmark Iran Japan Turkey Sweden and Switzerland .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Empire	Benito Mussolini	The Italian rank of First marshal of the Empire was granted in 1938 to Benito Mussolini and King Victor Emmanuel III who remain the only holders as the rank was abolished after World War II .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	Plainview-Old Bethpage Central School District	Plainview-Old Bethpage	The Plainview-Old Bethpage Central School District operates one high school Plainview-Old Bethpage John F. Kennedy High School two middle schools Howard B. Mattlin ( named after a former president of the school board ) and Plainview-Old Bethpage Middle School and four elementary schools Parkway ( due to its proximity to the Northern State Parkway ) Pasadena Old Bethpage and Stratford Road .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	his	Maryland	Rotten later opened his own professional wrestling promotion in Maryland called Universal Independent Wrestling .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	North Carolina	Air National Guard	The unit designation was transferred to the North Carolina Air National Guard in May 1946 being re-designated as the 156th Fighter Squadron .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Berry	Chess	My Tambourine is the same song as Berry 's later Chess Records hit My Ding-a-Ling only with less-risque lyrics .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Ingvar Carlsson	Sweden	Ingvar Carlsson ( 1934 - ) served as Sweden prime minister 1986-1991 and 1994-1996 and as Sweden deputy prime minister 1982-1986 .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Kolkata Metro	stem ser	The Kolkata Metro or Calcutta Metro ( Bengali : ) is a mass rapid transit sy stem ser ving the city of Kolkata and the districts of South 24 Parganas and North 24 Parganas in Indian state of West Bengal .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Little Pattie	Australia	Little Pattie received a Medal of the Order of Australia on 9 June 2003 for her services to the Media Entertainment and Arts Alliance ( as National President ) and to Actors ' Equity ( as vice-president ) .
per:cities_of_residence(e2,e1)	Rochester	his	Born in Savannah Georgia ; Avery moved to Rochester New York in the early 1920s and studied at Rochester Institute of Technology ( Athenaeum and Mechanics Institute ) earning his degree in 1928 .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Namesys	California	Owned by Hans Reiser Namesys was based in Oakland California and also operated in Russia .
per:cities_of_residence(e2,e1)	Chicago	Maurice White	The band formed in Chicago Illinois in 1969 and led by founder Maurice White .
no_relation	Yale	Connecticut	Tournament and Yale officials made the announcement on Thursday at the Connecticut Tennis Center .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Radovan Karad?i	of Republika Srps	She also testified in many other cases including in that of Radovan Karad?i ? Bosnian Serb president of Republika Srps ka .
no_relation	National Park Service	15	As with all historical areas administered by the National Park Service it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on October 15 1966 .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Butthole Surfers	Touch	This combined with questions the group had regarding Alternative Tentacles ' handling of royalties from Butthole Surfers and Live PCPPEP resulted in the album ultimately being released on Touch and Go .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Interior	Dirk Kempthorne	Following Senate confirmation she was sworn into office on October 17 2006 by United States Secretary of the Interior Dirk Kempthorne at Independence Square in Philadelphia Pennsylvania .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Rafael Correa	Ecuador	Rafael Correa the current president of Ecuador and Alexandre Tombini the current president of the Brazilian Central Bank were advised by Baer during their time at Illinois .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Amarinder Singh	Punjab	He was succeeded by his son Captain Amarinder Singh who is a politician with the Congress Party and who served as Chief Minister of the Indian State of Punjab from 2002 to 2007 .
org:members(e1,e2)	Hydrofunk Records	Resin Dogs	Hydrofunk Records is an independent Australian hip hop record label that represents a number of Australian acts including the Resin Dogs and Def Wish Cast .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Westfield Group	Sydney	Westfield Sydney is an upscale shopping centre operated by the Westfield Group and located beneath the Sydney Tower in the Sydney central business district Australia .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Max Baucus	Montana	The plan was announced Thursday by Sen. Max Baucus a Montana Democrat who chairs the Senate Finance Committee and Sen. Charles Grassley of Iowa the committee's senior Republican .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	Bret Schundler	Jersey City	The commissioner Bret Schundler 51 is a former mayor of Jersey City and a champion of charter schools .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Eric Peterson	Testament	Though essentially a black metal album much of Eric Peterson 's thrash roots can still be heard likening the sound that to the faster thrash style on Testament 's The Gathering album mixed with symphonic black metal .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Italy	Simone Corsi	Di Meglio was overall champion on 264 points followed by Italy 's Simone Corsi on 225 and Gabor Talmacsi of Hungary on 206 .
per:spouse(e1,e2)	Nicole	Tom Cruise	Nicole has 2 adopted kids with Tom Cruise Isabella and Conor and admitted she had a miscarriage during their wedding .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e2,e1)	Hawaii	Daniel Akaka	The bill to be heard on the House floor Wednesday is identical to the Senate's so-called Akaka bill named after its sponsoring Hawaii Sen. Daniel Akaka .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	TVM	Malta	Xarabank is broadcasted every Friday evening on TVM Malta 's National TV Station between October and July .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	India	K. J. Yesudas	The melodic structure of his songs demand considerable vocal virtuosity and have found expressive platform amongst some of India 's respected vocalists and playback singers such as S. P. Balasubrahmanyam K. J. Yesudas S. Janaki K. S. Chithra Swarnalatha S. P. Sailaja T. M. Soundararajan P. Susheela Sujatha Malaysia Vasudevan Asha Bhosle Lata Mangeshkar Hariharan Udit Narayan Sadhana Sargam and Shreya Ghoshal .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Pakistan	Pervez Musharraf	Pakistani official says U.S. Senator Hillary Rodham Clinton has arrived in Pakistan for meeting with President Gen. Pervez Musharraf .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	Coolidge	Northampton	As a full-time elected official Coolidge no longer practiced law after 1916 though his family continued to live in Northampton .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Polk	Tennessee	It is also the only presidential election in which the winner Polk lost both his birth state ( North Carolina ) and his state of residence ( Tennessee ) .
org:members(e1,e2)	Super 14	Crusaders	Result of the Super 14 rugby final between the Canterbury Crusaders and New South Wales Waratahs here Saturday : .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	Tank Corps	2nd Guards Tank Corps	According to Soviet sources these figures do not include the 2nd Tank Corps 2nd Guards Tank Corps or the 1529th Self-propelled gun Regiment .
org:city_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Brandon	Assiniboine Community College	We realized we could do more together said Mark Frison the former Great Plains College president who announced in June 2010 he would be moving to Brandon Manitoba to take up a similar post with Assiniboine Community College .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	Singapore	ST Engineering	Temasek Holdings holds around S$ 60 billion of assets in Singapore holding majority stakes in several of the nation's largest companies such as Singapore Airlines SingTel ST Engineering and MediaCorp .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Jerry Lee Lewis	Sun Records	[ edit ] Jerry Lee Lewis version Jerry Lee Lewis had been performing the song in his stage act and recorded it at his second recording session for Sun Records on May 27 1957 [ 3 ] .
per:title(e1,e2)	Muzito	Prime Minister	Muzito a member of the Unified Lumumbist Party ( PALU ) was Minister of the Budget under Prime Minister Antoine Gizenga from 2007 to 2008 .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Stepan Shahumyan	Baku	On April 13 1918 within few days of the massacres the Bolsheviks under the leadership of Stepan Shahumyan proclaimed the Baku Commune .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Depeche Mode	Wilder	On 1 June 1995 ( his 36th birthday ) Alan announced his departure from Depeche Mode : After his split from Depeche Mode Wilder was approached by Robert Smith with an offer to join The Cure .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Texas Christian University	Fort Worth	WITH WITH PLAYWRIGHT CHRISTOPHER DURANG-TEX Miss Witherspoon -- 2 p.m. Sunday and July 1 8 p.m. Thursday-Saturday -- Texas Christian University Buschmann Theater 2800 S. University Drive Fort Worth -- $ 10 - $ 20 -- 817-923-3012 ; www.amphibianproductions.org .
no_relation	Timur Shah Durrani	Shuja Shah Durrani	Some notable poets from the region of Afghanistan-Pakistan include Amir Kror Suri Khushal Khan Khattak Rahman Baba Nazo Tokhi Ahmad Shah Durrani Timur Shah Durrani Shuja Shah Durrani Ghulam Muhammad Tarzi Khan Abdul Ghani Khan and many others .
org:members(e2,e1)	Brazil	volleyball World Cup	The United States scored a heroic come-from-behind win over Brazil in Sendai on Wednesday to join Italy as the only teams unbeaten at the 2007 women's volleyball World Cup .
per:alternate_names(e1,e2)	Kurtis Mantronik	Mantronix	Following the departure of electro funk/old school hip hop group Mantronix's original rapper MC Tee Wilson ( then known as Bryce Luvah or MC Luvah ) and D.J. D the cousin of the remaining Mantronix member Kurtis Mantronik joined Mantronix for 1990's This Should Move Ya .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	Hank Azaria	L.A.	In no particular order Hunt headlined a production of Shakespeare's Twelfth Night at Lincoln Center married and divorced actor Hank Azaria moved to New York and returned to L.A. following the Sept. 11 2001 terrorist attacks .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Jeff Merkley	Oregon House	The sixth new Democratic senator is Jeff Merkley the speaker of the Oregon House who defeated Sen. Gordon H. Smith a two-term Republican .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Australia	Neil Mann	A scene from the game is captured in Jamie Cooper's painting the Game That Made Australia commissioned by the AFL in 2008 to celebrate the 150th anniversary of the sport : Collingwood's Neil Mann and Melbourne's Ian Ridley fighting amongst the spectators who were sitting on the arena ( but behind the boundary line ) .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Argentina	Gustavo Cerati	The rock category had winners from Panama ( Los Rabanes ) and Argentina ( Fito Paez Gustavo Cerati ) .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Muni Metro	San Francisco	Le Conte StationSan Francisco Municipal Railway Map 2007 access date July 10 2008 is an island platform light rail station of the San Francisco Municipal Railway's Muni Metro system located in the median of Third Street at Le Conte Avenue in Bayview San Francisco California United States .
no_relation	Bank of England	Thursday	Bank of England Gov. Mervyn King described the plans Thursday .
org:members(e2,e1)	team	MAC	From 1942 until 1952 The team played independent of a conference affiliation until the university joined the Mid-American Conference ( MAC ) .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Archway School	Gloucestershire	Archway School is a comprehensive co-educational school for pupils aged 11 to 18 in Stroud Gloucestershire England .
per:title(e1,e2)	Joel Schumacher	producer	He landed a job as film director Joel Schumacher 's assistant three days after receiving his Bachelor of Arts degree and in five years until 1994 he worked with Schumacher on Cousins Flatliners If Looks Could Kill Dying Young Falling Down and The Client receiving an associate producer credit in the last .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Iceland	Geir Haarde	Iceland 's Prime Minister Geir Haarde was said to be consulting opposition party leaders to discuss efforts to reassure investors Dow Jones news wires reported .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	?eljko	of Bosnia and Herzegovi	Famous alumni include former U.S. President Bill Clinton former Philippine President Gloria Macapagal-Arroyo King Abdullah of Jordan John Cardinal and ?eljko ? Chairman of the Presidency of Bosnia and Herzegovi na among others .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	South Korea	Korea University	It is one of the SKY universities a historical acronym used in South Korea to refer to Seoul National University Korea University and Yonsei University which are widely regarded as the three most prestigious universities in the country .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	State	Dean Rusk	Secretary of State Dean Rusk later observed that during the Kennedy Presidency neither he nor Secretary of Defense Robert McNamara liked to get into much discussion in the NSC with so many people sitting around the room and the possibility of leaks so great .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	etnies	Lake Forest	etnies is a footwear brand based in Lake Forest California United States ( US ) and is owned by Sole Technology Inc .
per:origin(e2,e1)	American	Sally Ride	ESA continued with its own study in 1986 while the American astronaut Sally Ride in her influential 1987 report NASA Leadership and America's Future in Space also examined and approved of the Cassini mission .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Art History Location	United States	Title : Associate Professor Painting Drawing Employer : Dept. of Art Art History University of Colorado at Boulder Art and Art History Location : Boulder CO United States Posted : Nov 13 .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	BANHARN SILPA-ARCHA	Thailand	-- BANHARN SILPA-ARCHA 75 head of the mid-sized Chart Thai party is widely regarded as one of Thailand 's wiliest politicians .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Five Hand Reel	Rubber	Five Hand Reel signed with Rubber Records in 1976 and recorded their first album Five Hand Reel at Impulse Studios in Newcastle on Tyne .
per:spouse(e2,e1)	Eirene	Manuel I Komnenos	Besides many Byzantine dignitaries Emperor John II and his wife Eirene Empress Bertha of Sulzbach ( also known as Eirene and wife of Manuel I Komnenos ) and Emperor John V Palaiologos were buried here .
no_relation	West	Pharrell Williams	It also contained Us Placers the debut song of Child Rebel Soldier a supergroup West had formed with Lupe Fiasco and Pharrell Williams .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	Omar al-Bashir	Sudan	In February 2008 he was appointed by Sudanese President Omar al-Bashir to head the Assessment and Evaluation Commission charged with monitoring the implementation of Sudan 's Comprehensive Peace Agreement.About the AEC .
org:alternate_names(e2,e1)	St. Paul School	its	St. Paul School is lauded by the community for its caring and dedicated administration .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Ho	Vietnam	Ho 's Democratic Republic of Vietnam relocated to Hanoi and became the government of North Vietnam a communist-led single party state .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	he	Chicago	Since 1999 he has taught at the University of Chicago where he is now tenured .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Andalas University	West Sumatra	It is deposited at the Herbarium Universitas Andalas ( ANDA ) of Andalas University in Padang West Sumatra .
org:founded_by(e2,e1)	Will Pearson	Mental Floss	Released in 2009 Be Amazing : Glow in the Dark Control the Weather Perform Your Own Surgery Get Out of Jury Duty Identify a Witch Colonize a . . Girl Make a Zombie Start Your Own Religion is a tongue-in-cheek self-improvement guide written with Will Pearson and Mangesh Hattikudur the co-founders of Mental Floss .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Humble Pie	island	Humble Pie was the third studio album released by English rock group Humble Pie ( band ) in 1970 and their first with island Records .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Germany	Walter Ulbricht	However the KGB and GRU warned that pressure in the alliance was forcing the Americans to consider economic sanctions against East Germany and other socialist countries as well as to accelerate plans for conventional and nuclear armament of their West European allies including the West German Bundeswehr.http : / / www.videofact.com/english/cia_kgb.html On Saturday August 12 1961 the leaders of East Germany attended a garden party at a government guesthouse in in a wooded area to the north of East Berlin and Walter Ulbricht signed the order to close the border and erect a Wall .
no_relation	1	Missouri University of Science and Technology	Effective January 1 2008 UM Rolla became the Missouri University of Science and Technology .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Continental Army	George Washington	This is a list of places in the United States named for Nathanael Greene a major general in the Continental Army during the American Revolutionary War who was appointed by General George Washington as Quartermaster General of the United States Army on March 2 1778 .
org:top_members/employees(e1,e2)	Canadian Alliance	Stockwell Day	Manning's reluctance to allow his party to wholly embrace socially conservative values contributed to his deposition as leader of the new Canadian Alliance in favour of Stockwell Day .
org:members(e1,e2)	Serbian Superliga	Srpska Liga	Two teams were promoted to the Serbian Superliga and six were relegated the Srpska Liga the third-highest division overall in the Serbian football league system .
no_relation	State	Judah P. Benjamin	His father Moses Levy was a first cousin and business partner of Phillip Benjamin the father of future Confederate Secretary of State Judah P. Benjamin .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	State	James Buchanan	Wheatland was put up for sale by Meredith and was contacted in June 1848 by the Secretary of State James Buchanan who was interested in the house .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Ohio	Ohio Department of Transportation	The Scenic Scioto Heritage Trail is a scenic byway located in Scioto County Ohio that has been recognized by the Ohio Department of Transportation ( ODOT ) Scenic Byway Program as one of the state scenic byways having met the required criteria of having outstanding scenic natural historic archeological cultural or recreational qualities .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Ho Chi Minh	Vietnam	At the end of 2006 combined market capitalization of both Ho Chi Minh City Securities Trading Center and Hanoi Securities Trading Center is 14 billion US dollars or 22.7 % GDP of Vietnam .
org:members(e2,e1)	Oklahoma National Guard	United States	To be eligible for hold the office of Adjutant General an officer must be federally recognized as being part as of the Oklahoma National Guard and the United States National Guard and must hold at least the rank of Colonel for at least three years prior to appointment .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Marianne Faithfull	NEMS	English singer Marianne Faithfull recorded a cover of the song on her country-flavoured album Dreamin ' My Dreams in 1976 on Mike Leander's NEMS label .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	She	Florida	She spent her winters in Florida where she visited friends such as Lila Lee and Dorothy Dalton both former actresses .
no_relation	3	University of Alberta	Harold B. Barclay ( born January 3 1924 ) is professor emeritus in anthropology at the University of Alberta Edmonton Alberta .
no_relation	Lincoln	Division	The 1992 Nebraska Cornhuskers football team represented the University of Nebraska Lincoln in the 1992 NCAA Division I-A football season .
per:origin(e1,e2)	Thomas Edison	American	1893 : Thomas Edison the American inventor who patented more than a thousand inventions opens the first film studio in West Orange New Jersey .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Miami High School	Miami	He attended Miami High School where he was a standout high school football player for the Miami Wardogs .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	he	Argentina	That year he joined the movement for University reform in Argentina ( Reforma Universitaria ) which first emerged in the city of and set the basis for a free open and public university system less influenced by the Catholic Church .
per:alternate_names(e2,e1)	Hasan	lsqu	Kalateh-ye Hasan Beyk ( also Romanized as Kalteh-ye Hasan Beyk ; also known as Kalteh-ye ?oseyn Al Beyg Kalteh Hasan lsqu o; Ali Beg and Kalteh-ye Hasan Al Beyg ) is a village in Barakuh Rural District Khusf District Birjand County South Khorasan Province Iran .
no_relation	Sidi Ould Cheikh Abdallahi	Prime Minister	On August 6 2008 Mauritania's presidential spokesman Abdoulaye Mamadouba said President Sidi Ould Cheikh Abdallahi Prime Minister Yahya Ould Ahmed Waghf and the interior minister were arrested by renegade Senior Mauritanian army officers unknown troops and a group of generals and were held under house arrest at the presidential palace in Nouakchott .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	NatWest	Royal Bank of Scotland Group	The acquisition of the NatWest Group in 2000 established Coutts as the private banking arm of The Royal Bank of Scotland Group In 1761 James took his brother Thomas Coutts into the business which was now named James and Thomas Coutts .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Indiana	William H. Block Co.	The original WWHB was licensed to channel 3 in Indianapolis Indiana to the department store company William H. Block Co. in 1947 .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	General Electric	Fairfield	General Electric is headquartered in Fairfield Conn .
per:cities_of_residence(e2,e1)	Rome	Draghi	Rome has even already launched a preliminary salvo with Foreign Minister Franco Frattini declaring how honoured he would be if Draghi could fill Trichet's shoes .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Emory University	Atlanta	The exiled Tibetan spiritual leader spoke at a news conference Sunday at Emory University in Atlanta home to the Emory-Tibet Science Initiative now in its third year .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Minister	Henri-Philippe	The French War Minister Hubert Lyautey and Chief of Staff General Henri-Philippe along with British Commander-in-Chief Sir Douglas Haig were all strongly opposed to this plan .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	United Arab Emirates	Khalifa bin Zayed Al Nahyan	His the brother ( or half brother ) of the current emir and President of the United Arab Emirates HH Sheikh Khalifa bin Zayed Al Nahyan .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Stephen Harper	Canada	University of British Columbia law proffessor Benjamin Perrin who was named in the report as one of the world's ten anti-human-trafficking heroes spoke at the conference and called for Stephen Harper Prime Minister of Canada to announce that he will enact a national action plan to combat human trafficking to follow up on the measures that his government has already taken .
no_relation	Cocoa High School	1965	One in 2004 by Cocoa Beach High School two by Cocoa High School in 1960 and 2009 and Cocoa Monroe High School in 1965 .
no_relation	Musk	company	Musk has stated that his intention for the company is to help in the creation of a permanent human presence on Mars .
org:founded_by(e1,e2)	The Greenville News	A.M. Speights	The Greenville News started off as a four-page publication in 1874 by A.M. Speights .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Michael Anthony Bilandic	Chicago	Michael Anthony Bilandic ( February 13 1923 January 15 2002 ) was an Illinois politician who served as the mayor of Chicago Illinois and as Chief Justice of the Illinois Supreme Court .
no_relation	Hayao Miyazaki	Studio Ghibli	Thus Mai Mai Miracle has things in common with Hayao Miyazaki 's My Neighbor Totoro enhanced by the animation by Madhouse ( having collaborated on many Studio Ghibli productions ) .
per:country_of_birth(e1,e2)	Abdominal	Canada	Andy Bernstein ( born February 7 1974 ) better known by his stage name Abdominal is a rapper from Toronto Canada .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	National Intelligence	John Negroponte	A number of former security agents and lawmakers participated in the exercise among whom former president George W. Bush's Homeland Security chief Michael Chertoff acted as National Security Advisor former Director of National Intelligence John Negroponte as Secretary of State and former White House Homeland Security Advisor Fran Townsend as Secretary of Homeland Security .
per:title(e1,e2)	Gary Kuo	violinist	Gary Kuo is an American composer and violinist .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	WidowPC	Boulder	WidowPC has traditionally competed with companies such as Falcon Northwest As of August 15 2007 the company is headquartered in Boulder Colorado and has its assembly facilities in Menlo Park California .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	James R. Schlesinger	Defense	The data gathered and many of the early conclusions also supported the Independent Panel to Review the Department of Defense Detention Operations which was chaired by the Honorable James R. Schlesinger and reported to the Secretary of Defense in August 2004 .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Rob Halford	Judas Priest	An Ohio office supply salesman named Tim '' Ripper '' Owens actually did replace Rob Halford the lead singer in Judas Priest after warming up as lead singer in a tribute band .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Stax	Otis Redding	The two created the signature horn sound at Stax on hit records by Otis Redding Sam Dave and others .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Interior	Giuliano Amato	There has been a huge turn around in the image of English football and football supporters in recent years Reid told reporters at Heathrow airport where he met his Italian counterpart Interior Minister Giuliano Amato .
per:alternate_names(e2,e1)	Johnny	Mr. Wrestling II	Even former President Carter's mother Lillian Gordy Carter was reputed to have a favorite wrestler : Johnny Walker aka Mr. Wrestling II .
per:origin(e2,e1)	Sri Lankan	Arjuna Ranatunga	Whatmore who played seven Tests for Australia as batsman lost some points after former Sri Lankan captain Arjuna Ranatunga advised the Pakistan team management to avoid him .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	France	Herriot	He was back in France in May that year carrying messages from the British prime minister Winston Churchill to former French prime ministers Herriot and Paul Reynaud inviting them to come to England .
per:title(e2,e1)	singer	Emily Robison	Country singer Emily Robison of The Dixie Chicks is 36 .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Yugoslavia	Borisav Jovi?	In the Presidency of Yugoslavia Serbia's Borisav Jovi? ?( at the time the President of the Presidency ) Montenegro's Nenad Bu?in Vojvodina's Jugoslav Kosti? and Kosovo's Riza Sapunxhiu started to form a voting bloc .
org:founded(e1,e2)	Derbyshire County Cricket Club	1870	Derbyshire County Cricket Club founded in 1870 staged two first-class matches at Saltergate .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Vietnam	Ho Chi Minh	The Hanoi-Bangkok Vietnam Airlines flight coded Vietnam 831 scheduled to take off at 9.30 am ( local time ) and the other Ho Chi Minh City-Bangkok Vietnam Airlines flight coded Vietnam 851 scheduled to depart at 11.30 a.m. ( local time ) were canceled because of violent disturbances by Thai protesters at Bangkok's Suvarnabumi Airport .
per:title(e2,e1)	Vice President	Zeng Qinghong	During his stay in Beijing Abdullah will meet with Chinese Vice President Zeng Qinghong and hold talks with his Chinese counterpart Li .
no_relation	3sat	ORF	In 2007 the UFCOM applied a must-carry regulation requiring the local cable companies to transmit all the SRG SSR network stations and the following foreign channels : arte 3sat Euronews TV5MONDE ARD ORF eins France 2 Rai Uno .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	ION	qubo	The block of religious-themed children's - oriented shows airs both Saturday mornings on TCT's primary network feed and on TCT Family the third digital subchannel of its affiliates on weekdays in an alignment comparable to ION Television with qubo or fellow religious broadcaster TBN and its Smile of a Child network .
per:cities_of_residence(e2,e1)	Seattle	band	The single received significant radio airplay particularly in Seattle where the band formed .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	South Korea	Lee Myung-bak	South Korea 's conservative leader Lee Myung-bak was sworn in as the country's 17th president at 11 : 08 a.m. ( 0208 GMT ) on Monday in Seoul .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Idaho State	Pocatello	In 1972 while president at Idaho State in Pocatello Davis won the Democratic nomination for the open U.S. Senate seat in Idaho .
org:founded_by(e2,e1)	Luxembourg	Luxair	Descended from the Luxembourg Airlines Company founded in 1948 Luxair was set up in 1961 to meet the growing demand for air links between Luxembourg and other European cities .
org:top_members/employees(e1,e2)	Liverpool F.C	Rafael Benitez	Liverpool F.C 's managing director Christian Purslow and manager Rafael Benitez both gave Tom Hicks and George N. Gillett Jr. their recommendations to go ahead with the deal however Hicks and Gillett failed to meet the April 6th 2010 deadline set by .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	he	McGill University	In 1972 Zames spent a sabbatical at the Technion in Haifa Israel and in 1974 he returned to McGill University to become a professor and eventually the MacDonald Chair of Electrical Engineering until his death in 1997 .
org:founded_by(e2,e1)	NCAA	Northwestern University	The Northwestern Wildcats compete in 19 intercollegiate sports in the NCAA 's Division I. The foundation of Northwestern University is traceable to a meeting on May 31 1850 of nine prominent Chicago businessmen Methodist leaders and attorneys who had formed the idea of establishing a university to serve what had once been known as the Northwest Territory .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	de San	France	de San who was living in France wrote a letter to Rosas giving him his full support .
per:title(e2,e1)	Minister	Giulio Tremonti	Italy's gross domestic product ( GDP ) could climb by 1 percent or more next year Minister of Economy and Finance Giulio Tremonti said on Tuesday .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Pakistan	Daily Times	Pakistan 's Daily Times reports that Karim Bourti was so influenced by his religious training in Pakistan that he wore Pakistani clothes upon his return to Europe .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	USA	Daughters	David Elitch moved from Sebastopol California USA to Los Angeles to join Daughters of Mara .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	Langdon	Glendale	Langdon was interred in the Grand View Memorial Park Cemetery in Glendale California .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	University of Freiburg Faculty of Medicine	Germany	According to a recent survey supported by the German Federal Ministry for Education and Research the University of Freiburg Faculty of Medicine topped the list of the most attractive medical schools for students receiving the most applications for an MD program in Germany .
no_relation	He	Chris Spedding	He recorded first with 1950s guitar legend Link Wray and later with U.K. studio guitar veteran Chris Spedding and found borderline mainstream success .
org:city_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Tehran	Tehran University of Medical Sciences	Among major educational institutions located in Tehran University of Tehran Tehran University of Medical Sciences Sharif University of Technology are the most prestigious universities of Iran .
per:title(e2,e1)	Exchequer	Gordon Brown	Another point of note perhaps undermining prime ministerial government in the United Kingdom during the Blair administration was the role played by Chancellor of the Exchequer Gordon Brown - his influence over policy was unprecedented particularly in areas such as pensions enterprise and welfare-to-work .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Hill	Conservative	Before Hill the town was represented from 1972 to 1993 by Frank Oberle of the Progressive Conservative Party who served as Minister of State for Science and Technology from 1985 to 1989 and Minister of Forestry from 1990 to 1993 .
org:top_members/employees(e1,e2)	Game Informer	Andrew Reiner	Game Informer 's Andrew Reiner criticized the game's design by saying that he did not think it held any wrestling qualities at all and that the characters looked awful .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Cambodia	his	But he was also a very famous singing star in Cambodia and his life as a celebrity eclipsed his family life .
per:title(e2,e1)	Duchess	Princess Mary Adelaide of Cambridge	His mother was the Duchess of Teck ( formerly Princess Mary Adelaide of Cambridge ) the youngest daughter of Prince Adolphus Duke of Cambridge and a granddaughter of King George III .
no_relation	Singapore	Temasek Polytechnic	Supported by Ministry of Community Development Youth and Sports ( MCYS ) SPRING Singapore and Temasek Polytechnic the Centre generates products and services that will improve the lifestyle quality of the emerging ageing population .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Minnesota	Mark Dayton	The current governor of Minnesota is Mark Dayton of the Democratic-Farmer-Labor Party ( DFL ) .
per:country_of_birth(e1,e2)	Rafael Correa	Ecuador	Rafael Correa was sworn in as Ecuador 's new president on Monday .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Elizabeth of Bohemia	England	He was appointed chaplain to Elizabeth of Bohemia by her father James I of England in 1612 .
no_relation	Canada	cf	Air Canada has three Maple Leaf Lounges at cf Trudeau : one in the Domestic Terminal one in the Transborder Terminal and one in the International Terminal .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Oregon	Reed College	Lambert Gardens was a private botanical garden of over 30 acres ( m ) in the Reed neighborhood of Portland Oregon United States north of Reed College at SE 28th Ave. and SE Steele St. It was a significant attraction drawing tens of thousands of visitors a year .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Wisconsin	Tommy Thompson	A state of emergency was declared by Wisconsin Governor Tommy Thompson allowing National Guard soldiers to be called in to aid victims and clear debris .
per:country_of_birth(e1,e2)	Stan Rogers	Canada	Remembering Stan Rogers : An East Coast Tribute is a tribute album to Canadian folk singer-songwriter Stan Rogers released in 1995 on EMI Music Canada .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	David Vitter	Louisiana	Republican Sen. David Vitter of Louisiana made clear Monday that he does not agree with Giuliani on issues such as abortion rights but decided to endorse him because he's convinced the former New York mayor is n't pushing `` any liberal social agenda . '' .
org:members(e2,e1)	Ohio University	Division I	The 2010 Ohio Bobcats football team represented Ohio University during the 2010 NCAA Division I FBS football season .
per:alternate_names(e2,e1)	Edward	Edward V of England	Following her husband's temporary fall from power Elizabeth had sought sanctuary in Westminster Abbey where she gave birth to a son Edward ( later Edward V of England ) .
org:founded(e1,e2)	Thomson Reuters	April 2008	Thomson Reuters was formed in April 2008 after Canada's Thomson Corp bought Britain-based news agency company Reuters .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Than Shwe	SPDC	Than Shwe of the SPDC army need to prove who he really is .
org:founded(e2,e1)	March 15 2008	VH1 Denmark	The channel was launched on March 15 2008 with the launch of VH1 Denmark where it was simulcasted between 6 a.m. and 6 p.m. From 1996 to 2008 Denmark had been served by the pan-Nordic Nickelodeon Scandinavia .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Luxembourg	Jean-Claude Juncker	Speaking after meeting Luxembourg Prime Minister Jean-Claude Juncker Merkel also pledged to conduct emergency consultations with leaders of other EU members before the June 21-22 EU summit .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Lincoln Park High School	Chicago	He was an all-city baseball and basketball player at Chicago's Waller High School ( now Lincoln Park High School ) and was inducted into the Chicago Public League Basketball Coaches Association Hall of Fame in June 1995 .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Henry Moore	England	He then studied for a time under Henry Moore in England .
no_relation	Syleena Johnson	Lauryn Hill	Retrieved on August 25 2011 The song features singer Syleena Johnson and contains an interpolation of Lauryn Hill 's Mystery of Iniquity .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Navy	Claude A. Swanson	Under the reorganization of the fleet announced by Secretary of the Navy Claude A. Swanson on 26 May 1937 effective 14 June 1937 Squadron Two under Destroyer Flotilla One Destroyers Scouting Force U.S. Fleet would consist of Division Three and Division Four each consisting of four Mahan-class destroyers DesDiv 3 : Drayton ( DD-366 ) Mahan ( DD-364 ) Flusser ( DD-368 ) and Lamson ( DD-367 ) ; and DesDiv 4 : Cushing ( DD-376 ) Preston ( DD-379 ) Smith ( DD-378 ) and Perkins ( DD-377 ) with Porter ( DD-356 ) leader of the new class of destroyer leaders serving as squadron flagship .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Leonard Mitzel	Alberta	It only stands to reason that if there is an opportunity to increase our trade or streamline our trade that we should be a partner said Leonard Mitzel a member of Alberta 's Legislative Assembly .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	Altria Group	Philip Morris	Altria Group Inc. owns 100 percent of Philip Morris USA John Middleton Inc. and Philip Morris Capital Corporation .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Dominique de Villepin	France	In 2003 Rufin was commissioned by French Interior Minister Dominique de Villepin to write an in-depth report on the upsurge of anti-Semitism in France .
org:alternate_names(e1,e2)	Australian Federal Police	AFP	With an honours degree in law and arts he began his career in the Australian Federal Police ( AFP ) where he worked in the taskforce which investigated the murder of AFP Assistant Commissioner Colin Winchester .
org:city_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	New Haven	Yale	ISBN 0-7432-3001-9 He moved to New Haven Connecticut with his family and took a teaching position at Yale .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Ma Ying-jeou	Kuomintang	Ties between Taiwan and China had been on the mend after President Ma Ying-jeou of the Kuomintang party took office last year pledging closer links .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	United Russia	Vladimir Putin	United Russia has always characterised itself as wholly supportive of the agenda of the popular current President Vladimir Putin and this has proved key to its success .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Loeb	Ontario	Loeb began in 1912 when Moses Loeb opened a small wholesale confectionery house in Ottawa Ontario Canada .
no_relation	Joni Mitchell	Alberta	Canadian folk music at that time had its own set of introspective folk singers such as Joni Mitchell ( also from Alberta ) Neil Young Ferron Bruce Cockburn The Band Heather Bishop and Connie Kaldor each of whom influenced her music .
per:origin(e2,e1)	Italian	Giuseppe Arcimboldo	The Four Elements is a series of paintings by Italian artist Giuseppe Arcimboldo in 1566 during the Renaissance .
per:title(e1,e2)	Laura Nyro	singer	Laura Nyro ( October 18 1947 April 8 1997 ) was an American songwriter singer and pianist .
org:members(e1,e2)	Philippine Airlines	China Airlines	Established in 1979 the PAL Inflight Center is the site of fully equipped in-flight kitchens and catering center of Philippine Airlines which also offer catering services for Japan Airlines China Airlines Korean Air and Northwest Airlines preparing some meals daily .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Yahya Khan	Military	Soon after his refusal and continuous resentment toward General Yahya Khan 's mishandling of situation General Yahya Khan ordered Military Police to arrest Bhutto for a treason charges a quiet similar to Mujib .
per:country_of_birth(e2,e1)	Jamaica	Hugh Shearer	The Jamaica National Heritage Trust announced plans for a monument to Hugh Shearer in 2006 .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	University	Donna Shalala	University of Miami President and former Clinton cabinet Secretary of Health and Human Services Donna Shalala along with former Republican Senator Bob Dole were appointed by President George W. Bush to lead the President's Commission on Care for America's Returning Wounded Warriors an investigative panel regarding the various allegations .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	John Faulkner	State	John Faulkner was the Vice-President of the Executive Council Special Minister of State and Cabinet Secretary in the Rudd Ministry .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Dronfield Henry Fanshawe School	Derbyshire	The Dronfield Henry Fanshawe School is a mixed state comprehensive school for 11-18 year olds in the town of Dronfield Derbyshire .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Stafford	New Jersey	The Piano Artistry of Jonathan Edwards is a 1957 album of songs by Paul Weston and Jo Stafford in the guise of Jonathan and Darlene Edwards a New Jersey lounge act who deliberately play the piano and sing off-key putting their own interpretation on popular songs .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Lund University	Lund	J. BijnensE-mail The Corresponding Author a P. Eerolab M. Maula A. and T. a Department of Theoretical Physics Lund University 14A S-223 62 Lund Sweden b Department of Elementary Particle Physics Lund University Professorsgatan 1 S-223 63 Lund Sweden Received 31 January 2001 ; accepted 14 February 2001 Editor : P.V. Landshoff Available online 22 March 2001 .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Algeria	Ahmed Ouyahia	The ruling coalition comprising of the National Liberation Front ( FLN ) Rally for National Democracy ( RND ) led by Algeria 's former prime minister Ahmed Ouyahia and the moderate Islamist Movement for Society and Peace ( MSP ) adopted this consensus during a meeting held Sunday according to FLN's secretary general Abdelaziz Belkhadem .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Ma Ying-jeou	Kuomintang	Taiwan opposition leader Ma Ying-jeou said Friday in Taipei that he would resign the chairmanship of the Kuomintang Party if he is officially indicted for graft Xinhua learned on Saturday .
no_relation	Henry	Ford Foundation	The Commission which operates in literal secrecy made news in the fall of 1979 when David Rockefeller Henry Kissinger and John J. McCloy ( former President of the Ford Foundation former President of the World Bank Chairman of the Chase Manhattan Bank former High Commissioner to Germany and on the Advisory Board of _ Foreign Affairs _ magazine ) pressured Carter into allowing the deposed Shah of Iran ( who had financial dealings with the Chase Manhattan ) into the country for medical treatment .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Craig	Idaho	In August Craig said it was the Idaho paper's fault that he pled guilty to disorderly conduct .
no_relation	Stanley Cup	Eastern Canada Amateur Hockey Association	Stuart who was unhappy playing in Pittsburgh because of the violence involved in games heard from Dickie Boon that the Montreal Wanderers defending Stanley Cup winners of the Eastern Canada Amateur Hockey Association ( ECAHA ) were willing to make Stuart the highest paid player in hockey if he were to join the team .
org:alternate_names(e2,e1)	China Petrochemical Corporation	Sinopec	Analysts said the move would help foster a more competitive oil products wholesale market where around two thirds of the oil products wholesalers are run by the nation's two oil giants namely the China National Petroleum Corporation and China Petrochemical Corporation better known as Sinopec .
org:members(e2,e1)	La Serna High School	Whittier Union High School District	La Serna High School ( abbreviated LSHS ) is a public high school in Whittier California that was founded in 1960 and is part of the Whittier Union High School District .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Teen	United States	Teen gets 65 years in officer's death Indianapolis United States Jeffrey Finley 19 could have faced life in prison without parole in the death of South Bend police Cpl. Scott Severns .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Florida	Florida Department of Education	As Florida 's school districts moved to implement the final phase of the state's class-size rules the Florida Department of Education provided a dedicated e-mail address for people to ask questions seek information and offer insights .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	He	United States	He remained in the United States for the rest of his life becoming an American citizen in 1943 from his World War II military service .
org:city_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Chicago Heights	Bloom High School	Chicago Heights is home to Bloom High School where all students of district 170 attend after 8th grade .
no_relation	Tallaght Hospital	Dublin	The newer town centre lies immediately to the south across the Belgard Road encompassing Belgard Square the main shopping complex ( known as The Square ) the Luas Red Line terminus Tallaght Hospital ( including the National Children's Hospital ) County Hall the Civic Theatre South Dublin County Library Rua Red Arts Centre and several bars restaurants and hotels .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	; Ho Chi Min	d Vietna	On September 2 1945 at Ba Square ; Ho Chi Min h leader of the communist Viet Minh organization declare d Vietna m's independence under the new name of the Democratic Republic of Vietnam ( DRVN ) in a speech that invoked the United States Declaration of Independence and the French Revolution's Declaration of the Rights of Man and of the Citizen .
no_relation	Natural	Sony BMG	It's Only Natural is the second studio album released by American boy band Natural released via Sony BMG and Transcontinental Records in Germany on March 15 2004 .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	Terell Stafford	Chicago	Terell Stafford born in Miami Florida and raised in both Chicago Illinois and Silver Spring Maryland .
org:members(e2,e1)	UAB Blazers	University of Alabama at Birmingham	The 1999 UAB Blazers football team represented the University of Alabama at Birmingham ( UAB ) in the college football season of 1999 and was the ninth team fielded by the school .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Tun Ali	Sultanate	Bendahara Sri Nara Diraja Tun Ali was a Tamil Muslim leader and the fourth bendahara or prime minister of the Malaccan Sultanate .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Defense	James R. Schlesinger	During the aftermath of the publication of the Project Jennifer story by Seymour Hersh U.S. President Gerald Ford Secretary of Defense James R. Schlesinger Philip Buchen ( Counsel to the President ) John O. Marsh Jr. ( Counselor to the President ) Ambassador Donald Rumsfeld Lt. General Brent Scowcroft ( Deputy Assistant to the President for National Security Affairs ) and William Colby ( Director of Central Intelligence ) discussed the leak and whether the Ford administration would react to Hersch's story .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	USA	Redemption	That same year the album was voted ' Best Progressive Metal Album of 2009 ' in USA Progressive Music Magazine's annual poll beating fellow contestants Redemption Shadow Gallery Edgend and progressive metal giants Dream Theater .
no_relation	1997	Delphi	In 1997 two crashes resulting in severe concussions sidelined Sharp until 1998 when he began working with the newly formed Kelley Racing team and sponsor Delphi .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	Erasure	Mute Records	Cowboy is an album recorded by Erasure in 1997 and released by Mute Records in the UK .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	Luther College	Evangelical Lutheran Church in America	Decorah is also home to Luther College a private four-year residential college affiliated with the Evangelical Lutheran Church in America and known especially for their Nordic Choir .
no_relation	Georgi Parvanov	Wednesday	Bulgaria is ready to help Croatia in its negotiations with the European Union ( EU ) toward membership of the bloc Bulgarian President Georgi Parvanov told his Croatian counterpart Stjepan Mesic here Wednesday .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	He	Memphis	He also has his own brand of tequila called 901 ; the name comes in part from the area code of his hometown of Memphis .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Ecuador	Rafael Correa	Lugina feels that Ecuador is not at its best moment for that reason she says the society needs to support the decisions made by President Rafael Correa .
org:top_members/employees(e1,e2)	Institute	Sanjeev Bhargava	The Institute was alloted a campus space of close to the Domestic Airport and Dumna Nature Reserve in 2006 following the appointment of Dr. Sanjeev Bhargava as director .
org:founded(e2,e1)	1988	Linksys	Originally founded in 1988 Linksys was acquired by Cisco in 2003 .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	California	Knowland	California Governor C. C. Young and University of California President William Wallace Campbell praised Knowland 's political activities as a university student .
no_relation	I	England	I changed it later to ' England Rocks ' because I thought it should be a single somewhere and Columbia would n't release it as a single in the U.S. ( too regional ) .
org:founded_by(e2,e1)	Stacy Codikow	Power Up	Executive producing will be done by Stacy Codikow ( D.E.B.S. Itty Bitty Titty Committee ) founder of Power Up .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Nirvana	Kurt Cobain	Sweet 75 was a band formed by Krist Novoselic in 1994 after the death of Nirvana band member Kurt Cobain .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Cambodia	him	By the time Cambodia was granted independence from France in 1953 Sisamouth's fine singing voice landed him a spot on national radio as a regular singer .
org:founded_by(e1,e2)	Phuture	DJ Pierre	Phuture a group founded by Nathan DJ Pierre Jones Earl Spanky Smith Jr. and Herbert Herb J Jackson is credited with having been the first to use the TB-303 in the house-music context ( the instrument appeared as early as 1983 in disco via Alexander Robotnick ) .
org:members(e2,e1)	Henry Tate	Tate Lyle	In 1921 after Tate's death Henry Tate Sons merged with Abram Lyle Sons to form Tate Lyle .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Tomiichi Murayama	Japan	He also vowed to uphold the statement issued by the Prime Minister Tomiichi Murayama in 1995 which expressed remorse and apologized for Japan 's colonization and military aggression during the war .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	Teletoon	Corus Entertainment	Bell reached a tentative deal to sell Astral's stakes in Teletoon and two radio stations to Corus Entertainment ( who owns a 50 % stake in Teletoon in a joint venture with Astral ) for $ 400.6 million and sell Family Disney Junior ( both English and French ) Disney XD MusiMax and MusiquePlus in an auction process .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	Mizuho Corporate Bank	Mizuho Financial Group	It is a subsidiary of Mizuho Corporate Bank Ltd. which is a wholly owned subsidiary of Mizuho Financial Group the second-biggest Japanese financial services conglomerate .
per:title(e1,e2)	Anthony Martin	locksmith	Anthony Martin is a professional escape artist locksmith and Christian Evangelist most known for his daredevil skydiving and underwater escapes on network television .
no_relation	Middle East Airlines	Beirut	Lebanon's national carrier Middle East Airlines recorded a US$ 39 million net profit in 2006 despite the blockade of Beirut airport and disruptions during the conflict between Hezbollah and Israel the company's chairman announced Wednesday .
org:alternate_names(e1,e2)	Japan Aerospace Exploration Agency	JAXA	We have n't had any reports of problems with any of the equipment said Seiji Toyama a spokesman for the Japan Aerospace Exploration Agency or JAXA .
per:spouse(e2,e1)	Helena Guergis	Rahim Jaffer	Tory MPs Guergis Jaffer engaged Last Updated : Thursday October 18 2007 | 3:58 PM MT CBC News Wedding bells will soon be ringing within the Conservative caucus after MPs Helena Guergis and Rahim Jaffer have announced they plan to be married .
org:members(e2,e1)	Maine Black Bears	Division I	Abbott spent his collegiate career playing for the Maine Black Bears in the a NCAA Men's Division I Hockey East conference .
org:members(e1,e2)	University of London	London Business School	Born in Sussex Barker was educated at Upper Beeding Primary School Steyning Grammar School and Lancing before going on to Royal Holloway University of London where he earned a BA ( Hons ) degree in History Politics and the London Business School .
org:members(e2,e1)	The Libertines	Rough Trade	The Libertines released their first single What a Waster in June 2002 on Rough Trade records .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Italy	Nino Taranto	In Italy Nino became notorious in 1969 as the presenter of the satirical TV variety show Io Agata e tu with Nino Taranto and Raffaella .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Shobhit University	Meerut	Shobhit University was established at Meerut Uttar Pradesh India by NICE Society ( established 1989 ) in November 2006 as Shobhit Institute of Engineering Technology .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Agriculture	Ann Veneman	Finally Secretary of Agriculture Ann Veneman opposed the new farm bill .
per:title(e2,e1)	singer	Rob Halford	When George Lynch ask Lisa to join his band Exciter a few months later Kendall asked a singer named Butch Say to join who had a Rob Halford type style .
no_relation	Lancaster	James Buchanan	Born in Chester County Pennsylvania of Scottish descent Steele worked in the Lancaster post-office as a young man where he once met James Buchanan .
org:top_members/employees(e2,e1)	Patrick Cescau	Unilever	Chief executive Patrick Cescau said Unilever had experienced a good start to 2007 with broad-based sales growth across different regions and categories and improved margin development driven by home and personal care .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	ABN AMRO	Royal Bank of Scotland Group	That year Fortis agreed to jointly purchase ABN AMRO with Banco Santander and Royal Bank of Scotland Group but the onset of the major financial crisis exacerbated problems with financing its part of the large acquisition and prompted fears of impending insolvency .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Italy	Alcide De Gasperi	Sturzo returned to Brooklyn in April 1944 but his return to Italy was vetoed by the Vatican and Alcide De Gasperi ( who differed with Sturzo on the scope of the constituency of Christian democracy and a referendum to abolish the monarchy ) in October 1945 and May 1946 .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	University of Edinburgh	Scotland	Coauthors are Lars Penke Department of Psychology Humboldt University Berlin Germany ; Barbara Fasolo Operational Research Group London School of Economics London U.K. ; and Alison P. Lenton Department of Psychology University of Edinburgh Edenburgh Scotland U.K .
org:members(e2,e1)	South Carolina Gamecocks	Southeastern Conference	The 1999 South Carolina Gamecocks football team represented the University of South Carolina in the Southeastern Conference during the college football season of 1999 2000 .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	He	EMI	He had written to EMI and Columbia declaring his intention to leave the group and had asked them to release him from his contractual obligations .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Reformed Church of France	France	The Reformed Church of France ( ) is a denomination in France with Calvinist origins .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Nawaz Sharif	Pakistan	Ex-premier Nawaz Sharif announces his party is withdrawing from Pakistan Cabinet .
org:top_members/employees(e1,e2)	EU Commission	Jose Manuel Barroso	Merkel was speaking Wednesday at a conference in the southern German city of Passau together with EU Commission President Jose Manuel Barroso .
no_relation	It	1976	It was established in 1976 the third public high school in Mesa .
org:members(e2,e1)	Florida	Joint Center	Established in 2007 by formal agreement between the University of Florida and the University of Central Florida the Joint Center develops initiatives intended to strengthen civics education and improve the condition of Florida's civic health .
no_relation	Solon Borland	Arkansas	right | 250px | thumb | Colonel Solon Borland led a militia battalion including the Pulaski Light Artillery to seize the United States Army post at Fort Smith Arkansas before Arkansas seceded from the Union The first military action for the Pulaski Light Artillery came in late April 1861 .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Flight Alaska	Alaska	Flight Alaska ( d/b/a Yute Air ) is an American airline based in Bethel Alaska USA .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Provisional Government	Ignacy Daszysk	On the nights of 6 and 7 November the Provisional Government of the People's Republic of Poland was formed in Lublin under the supervision of Ignacy Daszysk i .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	The Cars	Elektra	Baker also at this time committed to produce four albums for The Cars after being prompted by Elektra Records to see them perform in a Boston school gymnasium .
org:founded(e2,e1)	1998	BBC Parliament	The channel was purchased by the BBC in 1998 retitled ' BBC Parliament ' and relaunched under the new name on 23 September 1998 .
per:cities_of_residence(e2,e1)	London	Kenneth MacMillan	The piece was first presented by The Royal Ballet in London in 1974 with choreography by Sir Kenneth MacMillan and it continues to be recognised internationally as the company's signature ballet .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Canadian Federation of Students	Canada	The Canadian Federation of Students ( CFS ) is the largest student organization in Canada .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Michael Ignatieff	Ontario	Either the son of a former governor general MP Dominic Leblanc former Harvard professor Michael Ignatieff or former Ontario premier Bob Rae are likely to replace him .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Rafael Correa	Ecuador	Ecuadoran election officials said Monday that leftist President Rafael Correa won his bid to launch a sweeping revision of Ecuador 's constitution by a larger than three to one margin .
org:city_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Burbank	Disney	For the fiscal first quarter ended Dec. 29 Burbank California - based Disney reported net income of $ 1.25 billion ( euro850 million ) or 63 cents per share compared with $ 1.70 billion ( euro1 .16 billion ) or 79 cents per share in the prior-year period .
org:city_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Tehran	Iran University of Science and Technology	Harandi was born in Tehran in 1953 and graduated from the Iran University of Science and Technology in civil engineering in 1973 .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Barnard College	New York	The Josephine Paddock Fellowship is the highest award for graduate studies in the arts at Barnard College Columbia University in New York City .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	Carlos Alvarez	Miami-Dade County	Mayor Carlos Alvarez of Miami-Dade County described Labeet as an extremely violent individual that we do n't need out there in our community .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Ontario Lottery and Gaming Corporation	Ontario	Minister Caplan also had responsibility for several major government agencies managing public assets including : The Ontario Realty Corporation Ontario Lottery and Gaming Corporation Liquor Control Board of Ontario Infrastructure Ontario and the Toronto Waterfront Revitalization Corporation .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Joseph Saidu Momoh	Sierra Leone	After pressuring all other potential successors to step aside he chose Major-General Joseph Saidu Momoh the commander of the Sierra Leone Armed Forces as his successor .
no_relation	Jones	Tulsa Tribune	Owned and run by three generations of the Jones family the Tribune closed in 1992 after the termination of its joint operating agreement with the morning Tulsa World.Linda D. Wilson Tulsa Tribune at Oklahoma Historical Society Encyclopedia of Oklahoma History and Culture ( retrieved September 16 2009 ) .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Staff	Alexander Haig	He was also part of the large ensemble casts for Oliver Stone's Nixon ( as Chief of Staff Alexander Haig ) and U Turn ( as the town sheriff ) .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Sheetz	Pennsylvania	On August 4 2009 First Niagara agreed to take over the automatic teller machines ( ATMs ) at 95 Sheetz locations throughout Western Pennsylvania replacing Bank which does n't have any bank branches in the region .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	John Hunn	Camden	John Hunn ( June 23 1849 September 1 1926 ) was an American businessman and politician from Camden in Kent County Delaware .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Japan	DJ Krush	From Japan notable artists included Mondo Grosso DJ Krush Gota and United Future Organization who released ' I Love my Baby : My Baby Loves Jazz ' as well as a cover of Van Morrison's ' Moondance ' ; another prominent artist from Japan was the female vocalist and flautist ( and daughter of jazz musicians Japanese-American Toshiko Akiyoshi and American Charlie Mariano and stepdaughter of American Lew Tabackin ) Monday Michiru .
no_relation	Captain Beefheart	Straight	Lick My Decals Off Baby is the fourth album by Captain Beefheart the Magic Band released in 1970 on Frank Zappa's Straight Records label .
org:founded(e1,e2)	New York City Transit Authority	1953	When the New York City Transit Authority was created in July 1953 the fare was raised to 15 cents and a token issued .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Vytautas Landsbergis	Lithuania	The main challenger to the ruling Sajudis nationalist movement led by outgoing President of the Republic Vytautas Landsbergis was the ( ex-communist ) Democratic Labor Party of Lithuania ( DLP ) headed by Algirdas Brazauskas .
per:title(e2,e1)	Finance	Wouter Bos	The state will inject three billion euros in cash Finance Minister Wouter Bos said in a letter to the lower house of parliament .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Japan	KDDI	Japan 's number two telecom operator KDDI on Thursday reported a 20.9 percent rise in net profit for the nine months to December as it won customers in the country's intensifying mobile war .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Gideon Rose	Council on Foreign Relations	He then went on to hold a similar position at a domestic quarterly The Public Interest.Foreign Affairs Announces the Appointment of Gideon Rose as Managing Editor - Council on Foreign Relations He received his Ph.D. in government from Harvard University and served as Associate Director for Near East and South Asian Affairs on the National Security Council from 1994 to 1995 .
org:founded(e2,e1)	1870	Standard Oil	Exxon-Mobil tops on the Fortune 500 list this year had its roots in the 1870 founding of Standard Oil Co. by John D. Rockefeller .
per:country_of_birth(e1,e2)	Towa Carson	Sweden	Towa Carson ( actual name Birgit Rose-Marie Anlert Carlsson ) born on 31 March 1936 in Eskilstuna Sweden is a Swedish schlager singer .
no_relation	Colchester Royal Grammar School	Suffolk	Because of this the large majority of students that want to pursue Further Education continue to Colchester Sixth Form College Northgate Sixth Form Colchester Royal Grammar School Suffolk New College or Suffolk One https://vle.hadleighhigh.net/index .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Treasury	Salmon P. Chase	He was honorably discharged in August 1863 when he was appointed a Special Agent of the United States Treasury Department of the Southern Region by Secretary of the Treasury Salmon P. Chase .
per:title(e2,e1)	Prime Minister	Jean-Claude Juncker	Redange is the birthplace of Luxembourg's Prime Minister Jean-Claude Juncker .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Ding Lei	China	Among them is 37-year-old Internet entrepreneur William Ding Lei once China 's richest man who was among 10 billionaires who returned to the list after dropping off in past years .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Big Machine	Taylor Swift	Big Machine also is the home of Taylor Swift giving the independent label two of country music's most bankable acts .
org:members(e2,e1)	Netherlands	European Central Bank	The figures were provided by the countries themselves or in the case of France Italy and the Netherlands reflect the percentage held by them in the capital of the European Central Bank as of January 1 2009 .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Santana High School	California	Davis attended Santana High School in Santee California .
org:top_members/employees(e2,e1)	Jesse Levesque Hite	University of Louisville	Jesse Levesque Hite Art Institute University of Louisville Cressman Center for Visual Arts Gallery 100 E. Main St. Louisville KY 40202-1342 t : (502) 852-0288 .
per:cities_of_residence(e2,e1)	Chicago	Patrick Nash	His insistence on stopping graft and keeping state payrolls free of non-working patronage appointees put him at odds with the Democratic political organization of Chicago run by Patrick Nash and Mayor Ed Kelly .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Fat Joe	Terror Squad Entertainment	Joseph Antonio Cartagena ( born August 19 1970 ) better known by his stage name Fat Joe is an American rapper CEO of Terror Squad Entertainment and member of musical groups D.I.T.C. and Terror Squad .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	Viacom	VH1	VH-1 was a localized German version of the Viacom channel VH1 that was on air from 1995 to 2001 .
org:alternate_names(e2,e1)	Oxfordshire	Education Committee	In 1948 the Oxfordshire Education Committee bought Holton Park house and turned it into a girls ' grammar school .
org:city_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Paris	Ulan Bator	While in Paris in 1993 they formed Ulan Bator with drummer Franck Lantignac .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Vladimir Vernadsky	Russia	In 1918 he returned to Kiev and assisted Vladimir Vernadsky in establishing the Ukrainian Academy of Sciences the oldest academy among the Soviet republicsother than Russia .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	Royal Bank of Scotland Group	NatWest	Likewise in the same month the Royal Bank of Scotland Group ( Europe's largest debit card issuer which includes the NatWest Coutts and Ulster Bank brands ) switched from Maestro to Visa Debit a process that will take two years to complete .
org:members(e2,e1)	Oregon Ducks	University of Oregon	The 1999 Oregon Ducks football team represented the University of Oregon during the 1999 college football season .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Lakelands Park Middle School	Gaithersburg	Lakelands Park Middle School is a public middle school located in Gaithersburg Maryland USA .
no_relation	Miami	Flo Rida	The song is the first released under Cash Money Records and Universal Motown a music video was filmed in Miami Florida and directed by Gil Green featuring cameos by Flo Rida Bow Wow Busta Rhymes and other artists .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Canada	Khadr	A judge ruled in April that Canada must ask the U.S. to return Khadr .
org:founded(e1,e2)	University of Eastern Finland	2010	These ceased to exist when the University of Eastern Finland began to operate in January 2010 .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Spencer Abraham	Michigan	Spencer Abraham of Michigan .
org:members(e1,e2)	USSR	Soviet Navy	On January 12 1946 she was surrendered to the USSR and integrated into the Baltic Fleet of the Soviet Navy .
org:members(e1,e2)	W Network	New Zealand	WTN was sold and became W Network but the show was renewed for a total of 65 episodes and has been licensed to broadcasters in Finland Italy New Zealand Israel Nigeria Singapore South Korea Kazakhstan Kuwait Brunei and Singapore .
per:origin(e1,e2)	Athol Fugard	South African	Athol Fugard the renowned South African playwright paced at the edge of a plywood stage rubbing his head and listening intensely to two actors run through their lines .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Paraguay	Juan Carlos Wasmosy	In the Paraguayan general election 1993 he was elected Vice President of Paraguay as running mate of Juan Carlos Wasmosy for the period from 15 August 1993 to 15 August 1998 and also a minister in the cabinet of Cubas Grau .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Democratic Party	Albert Ho	He said he would meet leaders of Hong Kong's pro-democracy movement including Martin Lee Szeto Wah and Democratic Party chairman Albert Ho .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Quicksilver	California	The design later evolved into a ultralight aircraft for powered cross country flying.Cliche 2001 page E-29 The aircraft line has been in production since the late 1970s and remains in production in 2012 by Quicksilver Aircraft of Temecula California .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Republican	Olympia Snowe	In March 2012 Plowman announced her candidacy for the Republican Party's nomination for U.S. Senator to replace the retiring Olympia Snowe .
org:top_members/employees(e2,e1)	Mark Clark	15th Army Group	Lieutenant-General Mark Clark succeeded Alexander as commander of the Allied Forces in Italy ( renamed once more 15th Army Group ) but without promotion .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Jonas Brothers	Nick	The Jonas Brothers originally started as an attempted solo singing career for Nick but the record producer liked the sound when his brothers sang backup for him .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Mitch McConnell	Kentucky	We 've done it without adding to the deficit and I think that is something both sides can feel good about said Sen. Mitch McConnell of Kentucky the Republican leader .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Interior	Giuliano Amato	Interior Minister Giuliano Amato said in interviews with Italian dailies that he was looking at the French approach of setting up a foundation through which all foreign funds destined for religious and civilian uses would be channeled .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	He	United Artists Records	He recorded a follow up Honeysuckle Dog in 1973 for United Artists Records but Smither was dropped from the label and the album went unreleased until 2004 when it was issued by Tomato Records .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	G-Unit	Tony Yayo	In 2003 he founded this own record label G-Unit Records which signed several rappers such as Young Buck Lloyd Banks and Tony Yayo .
no_relation	Sandeep Kapoor	Smith	Stern and two doctors -- Sandeep Kapoor and psychiatrist Khristine Eroshevich -- had already denied earlier charges of funneling drugs to Smith who died in February 2007 from an accidental overdose aged 39 .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Death Vessel	ATP Recordings	Death Vessel is a neo-traditional folk band from Rhode Island signed to Sub Pop and ATP Recordings and headed by Joel Thibodeau .
per:alternate_names(e1,e2)	Ryusuke Taguchi	Taguchi	On January 4 2008 Yoshie made his return to New Japan Pro Wrestling at Wrestle Kingdom II in Tokyo Dome where he Masato Tanaka Tatsuhito Takaiwa and Katsushi Takemura defeated Takashi Iizuka Koji Kanemoto Tiger Mask IV and Ryusuke Taguchi in an eight man tag team match when Yoshie pinned Taguchi .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Alison Redford	Alberta	After Alison Redford won the 2011 Progressive Conservative Leadership Convention McQueen was sworn into the final session of the 27th Alberta Legislative Assembly as the Alberta Minister of Environment and Water .
org:founded_by(e2,e1)	Bill	Bill Melinda Gates Foundation	Bill and Melinda Gates who co-chair the Bill Melinda Gates Foundation that funds the initiative called the new data a highly encouraging sign of progress in global health .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Andrew Bird	Fat Possum	Armchair Apocrypha Andrew Bird ( Fat Possum Records ) .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Finland	Kaarlo Juho	However Germany's defeat in November 1918 made the plan impossible and Finland instead became a republic with Kaarlo Juho elected as its first President in 1919 .
per:title(e1,e2)	Reinaldo Arenas	poet	Reinaldo Arenas ( July 16 1943 December 7 1990 ) was a Cuban poet novelist and playwright who despite his early sympathy for Fidel Castro and the 1959 revolution grew critical of and then rebelled against the Cuban government .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Miramonte High School	Orinda	It currently has four schools : Acalanes High School in Lafayette Campolindo High School in Moraga Las Lomas High School in Walnut Creek California | Walnut Creek and Miramonte High School in Orinda .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Li Zhaoxing	China	It did not dare to rebut National People's Congress spokesman Li Zhaoxing when he claimed that Mainland China deals with any questions related to Taiwan based on the principle of one China .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Bishop	Albany	Yet there Bishop was Wednesday morning in the Albany Civic Center -- hours after The Associated Press had declared his opponent the winner based on an incomplete vote count before retracting its decision -- celebrating with supporters and thanking God for another win .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Pete Doherty	The Libertines	Both central members embarked on solo careers and supposedly have an agreement in place not to play Moldy Peaches songs during solo performances although Adam has been known to break this rule having performed Who's Got the Crack with Carl Barat and Pete Doherty of The Libertines .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	United States	Earth	The United States has a thick web of billion-dollar satellites monitoring the Earth some including high-powered telescopes or radars with the capability to zoom in and help launch precision strikes on enemy targets .
org:top_members/employees(e2,e1)	Gerald Myers	Texas Tech Red Raiders	Hocutt replaced the retiring Gerald Myers who served as athletic director for the Texas Tech Red Raiders since 1996 .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	she	Roath	When she was twelve years old she played the lead role in the Starstruck Theatre production of musical Annie at St Peter's Church Hall in Roath alongside Charlotte Church who took the role of Molly .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	his	Paris	Thanks to his experiences and the people he met Georges decided in June 1966 to build his own recording and photo studio in an old clothing shop at the foot of a public housing building in Paris ' 18th Arrondissement .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Skidaway Institute of Oceanography	Skidaway Island	James Sanders director of the Skidaway Institute of Oceanography on Skidaway Island on the coast of Georgia said he has known Joye for 10 years and was n't surprised to see her in the middle of the research because she's been working on natural oil seeps in the Gulf for several years .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Alaska Air National Guard	Alaska	The 176th Wing ( 176 WG ) is a unit of the Alaska Air National Guard stationed at Joint Base Elmendorf-Richardson ( JBER ) Anchorage Alaska .
org:members(e1,e2)	North American Soccer League	Washington Diplomats	Born in Vancouver BC Belfiore played as a professional in the North American Soccer League the Major Indoor Soccer League the Western Soccer Alliance and the Canadian Soccer League for the Detroit Express the Washington Diplomats the Chicago Sting the Tulsa Roughnecks the Edmonton Brickmen and Vancouver 86ers .
per:origin(e1,e2)	Harris	American	Keith Harris ( born September 5 1976 ) is an American musical producer songwriter and musician and is the driving force behind many top 10 singles and Grammy Award winning hits .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	Slater	London	Johnny ( Slater ) is a long-distance lorry driver returning to London from a provincial delivery after having taken in a show by Joan Rhodes on the way .
org:founded_by(e1,e2)	The Prophet	Scantraxx	The Prophet is also the owner of the largest hardstyle record labels Scantraxx .
no_relation	Virginia	Harlem Globetrotters	He is a deputy sheriff in Virginia and previously played college basketball at Biola University and with the Harlem Wizards and Harlem Globetrotters show teams .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Canadair	Montreal	A Canadian government requirement for a license manufacture also favoured the Lockheed proposal due to a collaboration with Canadair based in Montreal .
org:city_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	San Mateo	San Mateo High School	Growing up in San Mateo California Goldman attended San Mateo High School graduating in 1982 .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Interior	Dirk Kempthorne	Investigators discovered a culture of substance abuse and promiscuity in one section of the Lakewood office Interior Inspector General Earl E. Devaney wrote in a letter to Interior Secretary Dirk Kempthorne .
per:spouse(e1,e2)	Charlotte of Mecklenburg-Strelitz	George	Charlotteville may refer to : or one of a number of cities towns villages or hamlets in the United States including : These places have usually been named after Charlotte of Mecklenburg-Strelitz the queen consort of King George III of the United Kingdom .
org:top_members/employees(e2,e1)	Lee Peterson	University of Colorado at Boulder	We 're known as a very strong center for both defense-related and space science-related activities said Lee Peterson chair of the aerospace engineering sciences department at the University of Colorado at Boulder .
org:members(e2,e1)	Deacons	ACC	In 18 seasons under Coach Vidovich the Deacons have gone 243-99-43 overall and 61-43-19 in the ACC .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Islamia College	Peshawar	At Islamia College Peshawar he was among the pioneers who put Pushto literature on the ' modern ' track .
org:top_members/employees(e1,e2)	Japan	David Sylvian	Seven years after the release of Oil on Canvas the four members of Japan David Sylvian Steve Jansen Mick Karn and Richard Barbieri reunited for another studio album - but then under the group moniker Rain Tree Crow .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Austria	Alfred Gusenbauer	Austria 's governing coalition is at risk of collapse Monday after conservatives declared they could no longer work with the Social Democrats of Chancellor Alfred Gusenbauer .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Pennsylvania College of Technology	Williamsport	In 1989 the Pennsylvania College of Technology in Williamsport affiliated with the University and in 1997 as did the Dickinson School of Law in Carlisle .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Masten Space Systems	Mojave	Dave Masten the head of Masten Space Systems Inc. a bootstrap company with five employees has another explanation for the rocket boom in Mojave .
no_relation	Rogue	1992	Starting approximately 40 million years ago in the middle Eocene Henderson 2009 a braided river system called the Ancestral Rogue River flowed through the region where the Rogue Valley is now carved.Heller 1992 pp. 1095 1098 For about 2.1 million years the river deposited what is now known as the Payne Cliffs Formation by laying down a thin conglomerate followed by arkosic sandstone and siltstone.Geology Bureau of Land ManagementBishop 2004 pp. 34 36 Between 20 and 10 million years ago the uplift that created the nearby Klamath Mountains caused an incision that formed the Rogue River valley .
org:founded(e2,e1)	October 1920	The Beaver	The first issue appeared in October 1920 under the banner The Beaver A Journal of Progress the successful name in a staff competition .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Wouter Bos	Finance	In the end he and Wouter Bos the minister of Finance were able to find sufficient money for a marked increase in the salaries of teachers .
no_relation	Volaris	Toluca	Volaris the 3-year-old Mexican airline also added new flights this summer connecting Los Angeles International Airport to Toluca and Guadalajara Mexico .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Iceland	Geir Haarde	Iceland 's Prime Minister Geir Haarde in a television address on 6 October 2008 said credit lines to Icelandic banks had been cut off and that the Icelandic economy in the worst case could be sucked with the banks into the whirlpool and the result could be national bankruptcy and that the government was looking to other countries for sources of liquidity .
per:spouse(e1,e2)	Manuel Balmaceda	Emilia de Toro Herrera	Balmaceda was born in Santiago Chile the son of Manuel Balmaceda and of Emilia de Toro Herrera .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Bergman	Sweden	Bergman also waged a fight against real-life tormentors : Sweden 's powerful tax authorities .
org:top_members/employees(e2,e1)	Franck Riboud	Groupe Danone	During his visit to Paris France in 2005 Professor Muhammad Yunus the founder of Grameen Bank was invited by Franck Riboud the chief executive officer of Groupe Danone ( known as Dannon in the USA ) .
org:city_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Pittsburgh	PNC Financial Services	Huntington was one of the banks attempting alongside Fifth Third Bank to acquire the National City branches in the Pittsburgh region that the United States Department of Justice ordered sold when PNC Financial Services acquired National City .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Jeff Merkley	Oregon	The amendment introduced by Sen. Jeff Merkley Oregon Democrat on behalf of his union patrons treats the construction industry differently than all other industries .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Kenya	Raila Odinga	Most observers suggest that the tallying process for the presidential results were rigged to the advantage of the incumbent president Mwai Kibaki despite overwhelming indications that his rival and current Prime Minister of Kenya Raila Odinga won the election .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	NWM	Saint Vincent and the Grenadines	The National Workers ' Movement ( NWM ) is a trade union in Saint Vincent and the Grenadines .
per:title(e2,e1)	King	Henry II of England	As the head of the rich Norman abbey Roger began to renovate the abbey church whose first stone was laid by Rotrou Bishop of on 14 August 1161 and its consecration was celebrated in April 1178 before King Henry II of England .
per:country_of_birth(e1,e2)	Pedro Romero	Spain	Pedro Romero de Terreros was born in Cortegana Spain on June 28 1710 the fifth ( of six ) child and fourth son of Ana and Romero de Terreros .
org:top_members/employees(e2,e1)	Richard Tofel	ProPublica	Richard Tofel is the general manager of ProPublica a non-profit investigative journalism organization in New York .
per:title(e2,e1)	King	Robert II of Scotland	The argument involving the royal bloodline involves an inheritance or relation to David Stewart Earl of Strathearn the son of King Robert II of Scotland which was necessary to his legal claim for the Earldom of Strathearn .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Illinois	Quincy Newspapers	Illinois Route 336 ( also known as the Thomas A. Oakley Highway after the executive of Quincy Newspapers ) is a four-lane freeway/expressway combination that serves western Illinois .
per:spouse(e2,e1)	Roy Rogers	; Dale Evan	A name from childhood that evokes images of Roy Rogers ? wife ; Dale Evan s or a character in Disney productions ? Chip Dale . ?
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	his	New York City	Following the elder Cornell's death his wife and children moved to the borough of Queens in New York City .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Jackson	Motown	As Jackson 's voice matured Motown found it difficult to find material to suit Jackson who had sung in a higher voice for most of the duration of his Motown ( 1969-1975 ) tenure .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Bolivia	Evo Morales	Bolivia 's Evo Morales claims victory in Sunday's vote .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Bret Schundler	New Jersey	In a statement on Friday the governor said he had ordered an end to Bret Schundler 's service as New Jersey 's education commissioner because he was extremely disappointed to learn that the videotape of the Race to the Top presentation was not consistent with the information provided to me by the New Jersey Department of Education and which I then conveyed to the people of New Jersey .
org:members(e2,e1)	York Region Shooters	Canadian Professional Soccer League	The York Region Shooters were a soccer team playing in the Canadian Professional Soccer League from 1998-2002 .
no_relation	Tommy Thompson	Health and Human Services	Four governors have resigned : William Barstow due to fraud allegations Robert La Follette Sr. to take his seat in the United States Senate Patrick Joseph Lucey to become Ambassador to Mexico and Tommy Thompson to become United States Secretary of Health and Human Services .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	University of North Dakota	North Dakota	The University of North Dakota softball team is a part of the athletic program at the University of North Dakota in Grand Forks North Dakota .
org:city_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Cairo	Al-Azhar University	Ahead of the visit Egyptian security forces have rounded up hundreds of students at Cairo 's Al-Azhar University an ancient hub of Islamic scholarship that is co-hosting Obama's visit .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	Amaral	Zaragoza	Amaral is an award-winning music group from Zaragoza Spain who have sold more than four million albums worldwide .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Owen Arthur	Barbados	Among those attending the conference are President Rene Preval of Haiti and prime ministers Ralph Gonsalves Owen Arthur and Keith Mitchell of the St. Vincent and the Grenadines Barbados and Grenada respectively .
no_relation	Vladimir Putin	United Russia	Medvedev whose candidacy was supported by incumbent president Vladimir Putin and five political parties ( United Russia Fair Russia Agrarian Party Civilian Power Russian Ecological Party The Greens ) received 71 % of the vote and defeated candidates from the Communist Party of the Russian Federation the Liberal Democratic Party of Russia and the Democratic Party of Russia .
per:cities_of_residence(e2,e1)	Berlin	his	At the age of ten Rubinstein moved to Berlin to continue his studies and gave his first performance with the Berlin Philharmonic in 1900 at the age of 13 .
per:country_of_birth(e2,e1)	Germany	he	Born in 1910 in Germany Dr. Musgrave studied at the University of Munich Exeter College and the University of Heidelberg where he graduated in 1933 with the equivalent of a bachelor's degree his wife said .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Antonio Saca	El Salvador	Salvadoran President Elias Antonio Saca told a press conference Wednesday that El Salvador will throw its full support behind Taiwan's bid to join the United Nations .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	Kongsberg Maritime	Kongsberg Gruppen	Kongsberg Maritime ( KM ) is a Norwegian technology enterprise within the Kongsberg Gruppen ( KOG ) .
per:country_of_birth(e1,e2)	Morarji Desai	India	The issue led to fall of Morarji Desai government in 1979 and the destruction of the Janata coalition A strong protagonist of India going nuclear Krishan Kant was a member of the executive council of the Institute of Defence Studies and Analysis .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Nigeria	Sani Abacha	Alhaji Abdulkadir Shehu was acting Administrator of Delta State Nigeria between November and December 1993 immediately after General Sani Abacha had assumed power from the civilian government .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Bongo	PDG	Bongo headed the single-party regime of the Gabonese Democratic Party ( PDG ) until 1990 when he was forced to introduce multi-party politics in Gabon in the face of great public pressure .
per:title(e1,e2)	Pratibha Patil	President	He is married to Pratibha Patil the 12th President of India .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	James Buchanan	United States	After his congressional career Hillyer was appointed by President James Buchanan as Solicitor of the United States Treasury from 1857 through 1861 .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Nepal	Girija Prasad Koirala	The trip will see him hold talks with Nepal 's Prime Minister Girija Prasad Koirala and former rebel leader Prachanda the embassy official said .
org:alternate_names(e1,e2)	School of International Service	SIS	The Inventory of Conflict and Environment ( ICE ) is a research project of the School of International Service ( SIS ) at American University in Washington D.C .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Libya	Libyan Airlines	From the Middle East Dubai-based Emirates Libya 's Afriqiyah and Libyan Airlines Kuwait's Jazeera Airways Qatar Airways and Etihad of the United Arab Emirates have handed Airbus new business .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Nelson	United States	Kloten is an unincorporated community in Nelson County North Dakota United States .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Shizuoka University	Japan	Franklin is married to the former Martha Jean Evans former associate professor of nursing at Shizuoka University in Shizuoka Prefecture Japan .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	John D. Rockefeller	New York	Asia Society founded in 1956 by John D. Rockefeller 3rd is a nonpartisan nonprofit educational institution headquartered in New York with nine regional offices in Hong Kong Houston Los Angeles Manila Melbourne Mumbai San Francisco Shanghai and Washington D.C. .
no_relation	Harry Carey	actor	Harry Carey Jr. was born in Saugus Santa Clarita California the son of actor Harry Carey ( 1878 1947 ) and actress Olive Carey ( 1896 1988 ) .
org:alternate_names(e2,e1)	Ramon Magsaysay Memorial Medical Center	UERMMMC	To maintain academic excellence the UE Ramon Magsaysay Memorial Medical Center ( UERMMMC ) .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Yang Jiechi	China	US Secretary of State Hillary Clinton on Saturday received assurances from her Chinese counterpart Yang Jiechi on China 's policy toward exports of rare earth minerals a US official said .
org:top_members/employees(e1,e2)	The Supremes	Scherrie Payne	They had all previously sung in other Detroit groups C.P. having been an original member of the ( Detroit ) Spinners and Ty having sung with The Supremes member Scherrie Payne in the group Glass House .
no_relation	Jon Provost	Gus	On Lassie Clyde played the eccentric farmer and nature lover Cully Wilson the friend to Timmy Martin portrayed by child actor Jon Provost in much the same fashion as Burt Mustin was cast as Gus the Fireman for Jerry Mathers in Leave It to Beaver .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	John Edwards	North Carolina	Former Sen. John Edwards of North Carolina was running third a sharp setback in the state where he was born and scored a primary victory in his first presidential campaign four years ago .
per:country_of_birth(e1,e2)	Qadir	Afghanistan	At 7:00 P.M. on April 27 Qadir made an announcement over Radio Afghanistan in the Dari language that a Revolutionary Council of the Armed Forces had been established with himself at its head .
org:top_members/employees(e1,e2)	FDIC	Sheila C. Bair	By any yardstick it was another rough quarter for bank earnings but the results were not unexpected as the industry coped with financial market disruptions the housing slump worsening economic conditions and the overall downturn in the credit cycle said FDIC Chairman Sheila C. Bair .
org:founded_by(e1,e2)	Hustler	Larry Flynt	On April 23 2013 Judge Steven E. Martin ruled that Jimmy Flynt has a valid lease at his 411 Elm Street store giving Flynt a victory over his brother Hustler publisher Larry Flynt .
org:alternate_names(e1,e2)	Northwest	NWA	On July 30 2010 Northwest pleaded guilty to one count of felony price fixing for fixing prices for cargo shipping via NWA Cargo .
per:cities_of_residence(e2,e1)	Miami	Manny Diaz	Miami Mayor Manny Diaz the conference's president said the report makes a very compelling economic argument for investing in the green economy and that we 're going to get a huge return for it .
org:top_members/employees(e1,e2)	Infosys	Kris Gopalakrishnan	As clients recognise the strategic imperative of global sourcing in an increasingly flat business world the demand for large end - to-end players like Infosys continues to be strong chief executive officer Kris Gopalakrishnan said .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Angelo State University	Texas	The College of Sciences at Angelo State University is a unit of the Texas Tech University System located in San Angelo Texas .
org:founded_by(e1,e2)	Left and Democrats	Democrats	These were the Left and Democrats ( LiD ) an alliance spearheaded by the ex - communist Social Democrats with 12 percent and the Polish Peasants ' Party with six percent .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Gilles Duceppe	Quebec	Bloc Leader Gilles Duceppe says an independent Quebec would have a cleaner environment because it would set higher standards to protect air and water .
per:origin(e2,e1)	Japanese	Seki Kw	The Bernoulli numbers were discovered around the same time by the Swiss mathematician Jakob Bernoulli after whom they are named and independently by Japanese mathematician Seki Kw a .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	St. Benet Biscop Catholic High School	Northumberland	St. Benet Biscop Catholic High School in Northumberland became the first school in the United Kingdom to establish its own fully functioning business Benet Enterprises .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Ukraine	Leonid Kravchuk	The new center was built at 42 Melnykov Street and was officially inspected by the President of Ukraine Leonid Kravchuk .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	W. T. Cosgrave	Executive Council	Born in Dublin Cosgrave was the son of W. T. Cosgrave the first President of the Executive Council in the newly formed Irish Free State .
org:members(e2,e1)	Western Baseball League	Texas-Louisiana League	He played independent ball with the Winnipeg Goldeyes of the Northern League ; the Chico Heat of the Western Baseball League ; and the Rio Grande Valley WhiteWings San Antonio Tejanos and San Angelo Colts of the Texas-Louisiana League .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Navy	Donald C. Winter	On 22 June 2007 Secretary of the Navy Donald C. Winter sent a letter to Northrop Grumman outlining problems with the ship from leaks to steerage issues stating Twenty-three months after commissioning of LPD 17 the Navy still does not have a mission-capable ship .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Tom Harkin	Iowa	Senate Health Education Labor and Pensions Committee Chairman Tom Harkin ( Iowa ) said this week that a recess appointment which would last until the end of 2011 was going to happen .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	Green Party	Global Greens	Green is a member of the European Green Party and the Global Greens .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Albert Ho	Hong Kong	Albert Ho chairman of Hong Kong 's Democratic Party said he and a trio of other legislators must attend and show support the daily South China Morning Post reported on Saturday .
org:top_members/employees(e2,e1)	Ji Baocheng	Renmin University of China	Making traditional festivals legal holidays will help carry forward Chinese history and culture benefit 1.3 billion Chinese citizens help build a harmonious society and enhance the cohesion of the Chinese nation said Ji Baocheng a deputy to the National People's Congress ( NPC ) and president of Renmin University of China in Beijing .
org:founded_by(e1,e2)	Mazda	Jujiro Matsuda	*********************** ARTICLE START *********************** Mazda is an automobile name that originated from Jujiro Matsuda company that was founded in 1920 in the historic City of Hiroshima in Japan .
org:alternate_names(e2,e1)	Adam and Company	Plc	The Spanish Mortgage is provided by Adam and Company Plc a subsidiary of the Royal Bank of Scotland trading as NatWest .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Loyola University Medical Center	Illinois	In 1968 a new medical school and 504 bed teaching hospital - the first two units of the new Loyola University Medical Center - were completed on a tract of land in Maywood Illinois .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Santa Fe High School	Santa Fe	He graduated from Santa Fe High School in Santa Fe Springs California in 1960 and earned his BA in Theatre from San Francisco State University in 1964 .
org:founded_by(e1,e2)	KGB	Moscow	Former KGB spy shot dead in Moscow Yahoo !
org:founded_by(e2,e1)	Georgia	Georgia Department of Education	The school is fully accredited by the Georgia Association of Christian Schools the Georgia Department of Education the Georgia Student Finance Commission and the Board of Regents.Covenant Christian Academy Covenant competes in the Georgia Christian Athletic Association ( GCAA ) .
org:founded(e1,e2)	CBS	1927	The network is the oldest unit of the CBS Corporation and traces its roots to CBS's predecessor United Independent Broadcasters founded in 1927 with 47 affiliates .
no_relation	Eurasian Natural Resources and	Royal Bank of Scotland Group	However shares in 3i Group Amec Dairy Crest Group Eurasian Natural Resources and Royal Bank of Scotland Group were all down by more than 3 percent .
org:city_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	London	GSK	London 's FTSE 100 index of leading shares on which GSK is traded jumped by 2.29 percent to points in afternoon trade .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Scotland	University of Dundee	If they can improve the transportation system and use energy more efficiently it will have a huge environmental benefit said Philip Andrews-Speed a professor of energy policy at Scotland 's University of Dundee .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	Eran	Melbourne	Eran moved back to Melbourne in 2011 .
no_relation	Abkhazia	Tsugba	Abkhazia 's parliament on Wednesday will consider a call by the region's leader Sergei Bagapsh for Russia to recognize its independence Tsugba said .
org:top_members/employees(e2,e1)	Bernard Montgomery	Eighth Army	The Eastern Task Force ( also known as Task Force 545 ) was led by General Bernard Montgomery and consisted of the British Eighth Army ( which included the 1st Canadian Infantry Division ) .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	Brandon DiCamillo	West Chester	The CKY video series is a series of videos produced by Bam Margera and Brandon DiCamillo and other residents of West Chester Pennsylvania .
per:alternate_names(e2,e1)	Edgar	Edward the Martyr	When Edgar died on 8 July 975 was probably nine and Edward only a few years older.Miller Edward the Martyr .
per:alternate_names(e2,e1)	Earl Russell	Bertrand Russell	Bertrand Arthur William Russell 3rd Earl Russell OM FRS ( 18 May 1872 2 February 1970 ) was a British philosopher logician mathematician historian and social critic.Stanford Encyclopedia of Philosophy Bertrand Russell 1 May 2003 At various points in his life he considered himself a liberal a socialist and a pacifist but he also admitted that he had never been any of these in any profound sense .
org:top_members/employees(e2,e1)	Helmut Markwort	Focus	Helmut Markwort ( editor in chief of Focus ) Ephraim Kishon and Erwin Scheuch deny any far-right trends in the newspaper .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	L. S. Ayres	Indianapolis	L. S. Ayres Co Indianapolis Indiana was acquired by Associated Dry Goods Corp in 1972 .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	He	Joint Commission for Administering the Government	He was a member and chairman ( 1858 ) of the Volksraad of the Orange Free State member of the Joint Commission for Administering the Government of the Orange Free State in 1855 and served as Acting State President in 1859 .
per:cities_of_residence(e2,e1)	Paris	david	After studying in Oldham and Manchester he went to Paris and studied under the French painter david and achieved rapid success exhibiting regularly at the Paris Salon .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Greece	Ioannis Metaxas	The 4th of August Regime in Greece ( 1936 to 1941 ) under the leadership of General Ioannis Metaxas was firmly opposed to the pro-Bulgarian factions of the Slavophones of northern Greece some of whom underwent political persecution due to advocacy of irredentism with regard to neighboring countries .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	India	Osho	When he was four Guest was left in the UK by his psychologist mother Anne Geraghty who went to India and became involved with the emergent Rajneesh movement founded by the Indian mystic Bhagwan Shree Rajneesh now known as Osho .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Treasury	Robert Rubin	In its heyday leading policy makers such as former Treasury Secretary Robert Rubin another one-time Goldman Sachs banker were proud to preside over ever-more unregulated financial markets .
org:members(e2,e1)	South Wales Borderers	British Army	Buchanan was 21 years old and a temporary captain in the 4th Battalion South Wales Borderers British Army during the First World War when the following deed took place on 5 April 1916 at Falauyah Lines Mesopotamia for which he was awarded the VC .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	her	Argentina	The controversial effigy of Julio Argentino Roca was replaced by that of Eva Duarte making her the first actual woman to be featured on the currency of Argentina .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Philippines	Cesar Virata	Twelve heads of state or government have attended or graduated from Penn including former U.S. president William Henry Harrison ; former Prime Minister of the Philippines Cesar Virata ; the first president of Nigeria Nnamdi Azikiwe ; the first president of Ghana Kwame Nkrumah ; and the current president of d'Ivoire Alassane Ouattara .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	India	National Spot Exchange	= = E-Series product = = A new form of commodities investment : Initiative of NSEL with E-Series Products For the first time in India National Spot Exchange has introduced E-Series products in commodities .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Royal College of Art	London	Kiera Bennett ( born in Oldham in 1971 ) studied in England at The Royal College of Art ( 2000 2002 ) and Oxford University The Ruskin School ( 1990 1993 ) and Mid Cheshire College of Art and Design Northwich ( 1989 1990 ) After Leaving The Royal College in 2002 Bennett was involved in creating Rockwell an artist run gallery and studios in the East End of London ( other founding members include Alex Gene Morrison Reece Jones Gavin Nolan Chris Davies ) .
org:alternate_names(e1,e2)	Jawaharlal Nehru	India	Indian genetic engineers at the Jawaharlal Nehru University ( JNU ) in New Delhi claimed to have turned the starchy potato into a wholesome nutritive food the Press Trust of India ( PTI ) reported Monday .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Pennsylvania Army National Guard	Pennsylvania	Staff Sgt. Mark C. Baum 32 1st Battalion 111th Infantry Regiment 56th Stryker Brigade Combat Team Pennsylvania Army National Guard Telford Pennsylvania Died of wounds suffered when enemy forces attacked his unit using small-arms fire in Mushada Iraq on February 21 2009 .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Kim Jong-il	National Defence Commission	The Fifth Session of the 12th Supreme People's Assembly held on April 13 2012 proclaimed Kim Jong-il as the Eternal Chairman of the National Defence Commission .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Beckham	England	On 14 May 2010 it was announced that Beckham would work as a mediator between management and the players and as an English member of the coaching staff for the England national football team at the tournament .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	Jens Stoltenberg	Oslo	Microsoft's chief Steve Ballmer said Tuesday it will establish a new research center in Norway after a meeting with Norwegian Prime Minister Jens Stoltenberg in Oslo according to reports reaching here from Oslo .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Lebanese Armed Forces	Lebanon	The Lebanese Armed Forces ' primary missions include defending Lebanon and its citizens against external aggression maintaining internal stability and security confronting threats against the country's vital interests engaging in social development activities and undertaking relief operations in coordination with public and humanitarian institutions .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Adnan	Pakistan	Till date Sargam is the only film Adnan acted in and is the biggest selling album of all time in Pakistan .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	Lansdale Catholic High School	Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Philadelphia	Lansdale Catholic High School is a secondary school that is part of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Philadelphia .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	His	Venezuela	His first presidency was known as the Saudi Venezuela due to its economic and social prosperity thanks to enormous income from petroleum exportation .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	William Emmett Dever	Chicago	In 1923 he supported William Emmett Dever as Mayor of Chicago .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	China	Shanghai Jiao Tong University	Altogether 11 Chinese universities participated in the exhibition including Beijing University Health Science Center Beijing University of Aeronautics and Astronautics Beijing University of Technology Beijing Forestry University Beijing Language and Culture University Jilin University Tianjin University Ocean University of China Shanghai Jiao Tong University Donghua University and Harbin Engineering University .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Mr. Jackson	MJ Publishing Trust	Raymone was also appointed by Mr. Jackson to the board of directors of Sony / ATV Music Publishing ; Trustee MJ Publishing Trust ; and as his music approval agent for MIJAC and MIRAN Publishing .
per:alternate_names(e2,e1)	Charles	Charles II of England	Image : Charles II Prince of Wales Egmont.jpg | Charles II of England before he was shortcoated holding a teething coral 1630 .
org:alternate_names(e1,e2)	Western Bulldogs	Bulldogs	Following the appointment of Brendan McCartney as head coach of the Western Bulldogs in November 2011 and resulting change in game play style towards winning the contested football Dylan Addison's place in the Bulldogs 's team has been ever-present during 2012 .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Reliance Capital	India	Reliance Capital is one of India leading private sector financial services companies and ranks among the top 3 private sector financial services and banking companies in terms of net worth .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	The New School	NY	She also serves on the faculty of Mannes College The New School for Music in New York City the Bard College Conservatory of Music in Annandale-on-Hudson NY the Aspen Music Festival and School Le Domaine Forget Academie ( Quebec ) and the Hidden Valley Music Seminars ( Carmel CA ) .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	North Korean	Kim Jong-Il	In an interview with CNN Mullen the chairman of the US joint chiefs on staff said North Korean leader Kim Jong-Il 's unpredictability made it difficult to understand the regime's motivations .
org:alternate_names(e2,e1)	di Pisa	University of Pisa	Pisa Charterhouse also known as Calci Charterhouse ( Certosa di Pisa Certosa di Calci ) is a former Carthusian monastery or charterhouse currently the home of the Museo di storia naturale e del territorio dell ' di Pisa ( Museum of Natural History and of the Territory of the University of Pisa ) located in the comune of Calci some 10 km outside Pisa Tuscany Italy .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Maldives	Maumoon Abdul Gayoom	MALE Oct. 28 ( Xinhua ) -- The run-off presidential election began on Tuesday in the tiny Indian Ocean archipelago of the Maldives which will see the incumbent President Maumoon Abdul Gayoom competes with the opposition Maldivian Democratic Party's Mohamed Nasheed .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Aylesbury College	Aylesbury	Aylesbury College is a general further education college in Aylesbury Buckinghamshire England .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	John Alexander	United States	John Alexander Dowie ( 25 May 1847 9 March 1907 ) was a Scottish evangelist and faith healer who ministered in Australia and the United States .
org:founded_by(e2,e1)	Peter G. Peterson	Blackstone Group	The Peter G. Peterson Foundation is an American foundation established in 2008 by Peter G. Peterson former US Secretary of Commerce and cofounder of the Blackstone Group an American-based financial-services company .
org:members(e2,e1)	Sonny Cher	Atco	The Two of Us is the third compilation album by American rock duo Sonny Cher released in 1972 by Atco Records .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	England	Anne Neville	Edward's two younger brothers George Duke of Clarence and Richard Duke of Gloucester ( later King Richard III of England ) were married to Isabella Neville and Anne Neville .
no_relation	 Tyrone Guthri	; Irelan	gave a number of workshops and master-classes for directors and actors as well as public lectures Tyrone Guthri e Centre Annaghmakkering ; Irelan d ; National Theatre of Scotland/Edinburgh International Festival ; Queens University Belfast ; Drama Centre Singapore ; Festival Desire Subotica Serbia etc. ) .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Italy	Francesco Cossiga	Among those present were a former president of Italy Francesco Cossiga and other members of the now-defunct Christian Democratic Party which ran the country until some of its leaders were jailed in the corruption scandals that have rocked Italian politics in recent years .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Oregon State Bar	Oregon	At the beginning of its existence the Oregon State Bar helped pay for the publication with copies sent to all members of the Oregon Bar .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Group	Malaysia	The Group was established in 1991 and was listed in Bursa Malaysia ( Kuala Lumpur Stock Exchange ) on 27 March 2001 .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	His	Judd	His first recording as a performer was Sally Sue Brown on the Judd label in 1960 .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Vietnam	Ho Chi Minh	The health department of Vietnam 's Ho Chi Minh City said Sunday a 10-year-old boy has tested positive for flu A/H1N1 Vietnam News Agency reported .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	Texas Tech University	Red Raiders	The 2000 Galleryfurniture.com Bowl was a post-season college football bowl game between the Texas Tech University Red Raiders from the Big 12 and the East Carolina University Pirates from Conference USA ( C-USA ) at the Astrodome in Houston Texas on December 27 2000 .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Harris Academy	Scotland	Harris Academy is a co-educational comprehensive school in the West End of Dundee Scotland .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Canada	Stephen Harper	Canada will build two new military facilities in the Arctic in a move to assert sovereignty over the contested region Prime Minister Stephen Harper said Friday .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Hubert	Minnesota	In 1958 Hubert and Muriel used their savings to build a lakefront home in Waverly Minnesota about 40 miles west of Minneapolis .
no_relation	State	Norma Paulus	When a proposal came before the Oregon State Legislature in 2003 transfer responsibility for audits of state agencies and programs from the Audit Division of the Secretary of State to the Legislature Keisling joined with four other former Secretaries of States of both parties Mark Hatfield Clay Myers Norma Paulus and Barbara Roberts to publicly denounce the move .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	Rover Group	Riley	In 1994 British Aerospace sold the Rover Group including the Rover Land Rover Riley Mini Triumph and Austin-Healey brands to BMW who had begun to see Rover-branded cars as potential major competitors .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Tom Bradley	Los Angeles	1973 - Tom Bradley is elected the first black mayor of Los Angeles defeating incumbent Sam Yorty .
per:title(e2,e1)	Finance	Wouter Bos	Finance Minister Wouter Bos says the money will be available to any essentially healthy bank or insurer .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Belgium	Guy Verhofstadt	And along the way he paused to document portraits of Belgian politicians as former Prime Ministers of Belgium as Jean-Luc Dehaene and Guy Verhofstadt .
per:title(e1,e2)	Francesco	actor	His son Francesco became a successful actor in Italy .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Calday Grange Grammar School	Wirral	Indie-rock four piece The Trampformers first started playing at Calday Grange Grammar School on the Wirral ( The Coral's keyboards player Nick Power is a former pupil ) where they won the school's 2005 Battle of The Bands Competition and came to the notice of a local promoter .
org:top_members/employees(e2,e1)	Bakunin	the socialist	I asked whether anarchists of the Proudhon Bakunin Kropotkin et al. variety ought to be at the forefront of the socialist movement rather than the Leninists that presently self-identify as socialists or the non-Leninist Marxists .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Royal Naval Hospital	Hong Kong	A typhoon destroyed the shore-based Royal Naval Hospital at Hong Kong on 22 July 1841 and Minden was commissioned at Plymouth in December 1841 to serve as a hospital ship there .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Westjet	Alberta	Starting on September 3 2013 Westjet will begin daily non-stop service from Brandon Airport to Calgary International Airport in Calgary Alberta .
no_relation	Anderson	week	In July 2004 Anderson traveled to his home state of Illinois and spent a week campaigning for Barack Obama who was running for the United States Senate .
org:founded_by(e2,e1)	Patrick Collins	Elegant Angel	In 1990 Patrick Collins and Stagliano founded the Elegant Angel label as a subsidiary of Evil Angel .
per:origin(e2,e1)	Dutch	Frans Hals	Cornelis Hofstede de Groot strongly disagreed with him and the Cuyp-Calraet question was escalated in the Dutch newspapers after Frits Lugt announced a new Abraham Calraet painting in the Frans Hals Museum in 1915 .
org:founded_by(e1,e2)	Cryonics Institute	Robert Ettinger	In September 2003 Best became President/CEO of the Cryonics Institute ( CI ) replacing Robert Ettinger who had been President since co-founding CI in 1976 .
no_relation	SGI	NASDAQ	In December 2008 SGI received a delisting notification from NASDAQ as its market value had been below the minimum $ 35 million requirement for 10 consecutive trading days and also did not meet NASDAQ's alternative requirements of a minimum stockholders ' equity of $ 2.5 million or annual net income from continuing operations of $ or more .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Finance	Wouter Bos	In a letter to parliament Thursday Finance Minister Wouter Bos said the money is needed to strengthen ABN Amro's capital position .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Macedonia	Nikola Gruevski	The opening was attended by high-ranking officials from Macedonia Israel and other countries notably the Macedonian prime minister Nikola Gruevski the Macedonian president Gjorge Ivanov Israeli vice-prime minister Moshe Ya'alon the presidents of Montenegro and Albania Filip Vujanovi? and Bamir Topi respectively as well as a member of the Knesset religious leaders and diplomats .
org:members(e2,e1)	Sutherland Sharks	New South Wales Premier League	Sutherland Sharks Football Club are an Australian football ( soccer ) club based in Sutherland New South Wales Australia and currently play in the New South Wales Premier League .
org:alternate_names(e1,e2)	IMI	Israel	In 2000 MRI moved manufacturing back to IMI which later reorganized under the name Israel Weapon Industries .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	James W. Bradbury	Maine	James W. Bradbury later a Maine senator took charge of the school only on condition that it should be for the instruction and training of teachers .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	OpenSkies	British Airways	I understand the requirement for safety said Dale Moss the chief executive of OpenSkies the Paris-based all-business-class subsidiary of British Airways .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Kingshott School	Hertfordshire	Kingshott School is an Independent preparatory school in Hitchin Hertfordshire England .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	Communications Engineering	Electrical and Computer Engineering	Dr H. Ghafouri-Shiraz ( co-chair ) Senior Lecturer in Communications Engineering The University of Birmingham Department of Electronic Electrical and Computer Engineering UK .
per:spouse(e1,e2)	James Darren	Gloria Terlitsky	He is the son of actor James Darren and James ' first wife Gloria Terlitsky m. 1955 div .
per:title(e2,e1)	Emperor	Maurice	Emperor Maurice decided to support the exiled monarch and assembled an army to restore Khosrau to his throne .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Seven	Australia	7 Chris Wharton CEO Seven West Media ( Western Australia ) and Kurt Burnette Chief Sales and Digital Officer.http : / / www.sevenwestmedia.com.au/about-us/board-of-directors The West Australian was owned by the publicly listed company West Australian Newspapers Ltd from the 1920s .
per:title(e2,e1)	actor	Edgar Buchanan	McCrea also starred in two William A. Wellman Western's The Great Man's Lady ( 1942 ) again with Stanwyck and Buffalo Bill ( 1944 ) with character actor Edgar Buchanan and a young Maureen O'Hara .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Cheddi	Guyana	Dr. Cheddi ' Joey ' Jagan Jr. is a doctor and a politician in Guyana .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	He	Federal Republic	He joined the Bundeswehr after the remilitarisation of the Federal Republic of Germany holding the rank of Generalmajor .
org:top_members/employees(e2,e1)	Chief Commissioner	Victoria Police	He was appointed Chief Commissioner of Victoria Police in 1993 succeeding Commissioner Kel Glare .
org:founded(e1,e2)	MetroJet	1998	MetroJet was a no-frills airline within an airline brand operated as a division of US Airways from 1998 to 2001 .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Algeria	Ferhat Abbas	While many of the migrated to France during the Algerian Revolution or at independence in 1962 some remained in independent Algeria after 1962 and even rose to positions of prominence such as the former President Ferhat Abbas .
no_relation	Grant Austin Taylor	David Taylor	While Grant Austin Taylor is mainly known for his solo work he is also the vocalist lead guitarist and harmonica player in the Grant Austin Taylor Band in which Jimmy Wiseman plays bass guitar and David Taylor plays rhythm guitar.Grant Austin Taylor artist information at Sonicbids .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	TechniGraphics	Wooster Ohio	TechniGraphics Inc. was a multi-national company with its headquarters located in Wooster Ohio .
org:alternate_names(e1,e2)	Coachella Valley High School	High School	Jefferson Middle School is one of 3 oldest public schools in the Coachella Valley still in operation ( the other two are Coachella Valley High School and Palm Springs High School ) .
per:title(e2,e1)	CEO	Larry Ellison	---- [ Quote ] | Oracle CEO Larry Ellison did n't display much of his traditional flamboyance | Wednesday at Oracle's OpenWorld conference but he did preview the company's | next-generation Fusion Applications and said its Unbreakable Linux offering | has met with initial success .
per:title(e1,e2)	William Pitt the Younger	Prime Minister	Given the state of the party system in the early 19th century when William Pitt the Younger ( now considered a Tory Prime Minister ) called himself a Whig it is not too surprising that Plunket was his Attorney General for Ireland .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Jordan	Marouf al-Bakhit	The oil is part of an agreement signed between Jordan and Iraq during a visit by Jordanian Prime Minister Marouf al-Bakhit to Baghdad in August 2006 .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Greece	he	In 1925 his family moved back to Greece where he settled in Athens until the end of World War II .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Khieu Samphan	Democratic Kampuchea	Khieu Samphan head of state of the former Democratic Kampuchea ( DK ) arrived here around 11 : 50 a. m. local time ( 0450 GMT ) on Wednesday for medical treatment on a helicopter arranged by Prime Minister Hun Sen .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Lululemon	Canada	Lululemon which has 48 stores in Canada and 108 stores in the U.S. sells products patented under the brand name Astro Pant .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Laos	Sisavang Vong	The King of Laos Sisavang Vong remained in Luang Prabang which added greater impetus to French efforts .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	School of Visual Arts	New York	He studied at the Art Students League and later at the School of Visual Arts in New York .
org:city_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Peoria	Peoria Notre Dame High School	Peoria 's Catholic high school for boys Spalding Institute was named for him ; the school was closed in 1989 during the Peoria Notre Dame High School merger .
org:founded_by(e1,e2)	Redlight Children Campaign	Guy Jacobson	The Redlight Children Campaign is a non-profit organization created by New York lawyer and president of Priority Films Guy Jacobson and Israeli actress Adi Ezroni in 2002 to combat worldwide child sexual exploitation and human trafficking .
no_relation	Why	London	Why is the country so London centric ?
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	El Salvador	Antonio Saca	Other presidents at the conference were Colombia's Alvaro Uribe El Salvador 's Elias Antonio Saca Guatemala's Oscar Berger Honduras's Manuel Zelaya Panama's Martin Torrijos and Costa Rica ' s Oscar Arias .
org:top_members/employees(e2,e1)	Tim	O'Reilly Media	DiBona runs Science Foo Camp annually with Tim O'Reilly of O'Reilly Media and Timo Hannay of Nature on the Google campus in Mountain View California .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	S.S. Felice Scandone	Avellino	S.S. Felice Scandone also known by their sponsorship name of Sidigas Avellino is a prominent Italian League professional basketball club that is based in Avellino in southern Italy .
org:members(e1,e2)	Australian Football League	Collingwood Football Club	The Colliwobbles is a term used in the Australian Football League ( AFL ) to describe finals losses by the Collingwood Football Club .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Czech Republic	f televi	In the Czech Republic the show was broadcast live by the public channel ?T2 o f televi ze .
no_relation	health	USA	Between 2000 and 2006 the estimated number of adults between the ages of 25 and 64 in Texas who died because they did not have health insurance was nearly according to the report by Families USA .
per:cities_of_residence(e2,e1)	Toronto	Dru	Jones attended Clarkson Secondary School and York University and then began his singing career in Toronto with BMG Music in the RnB group In Essence that featured Sean Jones ( Smooth ) and fellow Toronto singer/songwriter Dru Everywhere you go they say the digital world makes an even playing field for independent artists .
org:founded(e2,e1)	1890	Asbury College	When John Wesley Hughes established a Methodist college in the nearby community of Wilmore in 1890 his choice of the name Asbury College was partially inspired by the history of Bethel Academy .
org:alternate_names(e1,e2)	BBC	BBC	The station also broadcast its own Children's BBC junctions from Presentation Studio A. Outside Europe BBC WSTV was the name of the 24-hour news information and current affairs service launched in Asia on 14 October 1991 on STAR TV available from Turkey to South Korea on AsiaSat .
org:top_members/employees(e2,e1)	Jeffrey L. Bewkes	Time Warner	One idea advanced most vocally by Jeffrey L. Bewkes the chairman of Time Warner and embraced by many executives would be to offer cable shows online for no extra charge provided a viewer is first authenticated as a cable or satellite subscriber .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Franklin D. Roosevelt	United States	The Theodore and Franklin D. Roosevelt Prize in Naval History is an annual prize established in 1986 and given by The New York Council of the Navy League of the United States the Franklin and Eleanor Roosevelt Institute and the Theodore Roosevelt Association .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Labor	Frances Perkins	Dad was fond of reminding us - whether at the dinner table or on the Senate floor - that Social Security was special to New Yorkers because its creators President Franklin D. Roosevelt Sen. Robert Wagner and Secretary of Labor Frances Perkins were gifts to the nation from our Empire State .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Mwai Kibaki	Kenya	Obviously the wheels of justice should start with those who put pressure on Samuel Kivuitu to release wrong and fraudulent results then Mwai Kibaki for rushing to declare himself president then the gang around Kibaki and the Kenya police who have killed hundreds obeying the ' shoot to kill ' orders from their superiors .
org:top_members/employees(e1,e2)	Tesco	Sir Terry Leahy	Tesco shares fell 2.6 percent after the supermarket giant announced its chief executive Sir Terry Leahy would retire in March next year .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Lovebugs	Switzerland	In 2009 Lovebugs were chosen to represent Switzerland at the Eurovision Song Contest in Moscow Russia .
no_relation	William Ackerman	Windham Hill	Jeff Oster is an American brass instrument player who has recorded flugelhorn or trumpet with artists such as William Ackerman founder of Windham Hill Records .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Robert Fico	Slovakia	Prime Minister Robert Fico said on Monday that Slovakia has fulfilled all the criteria for adopting the European single currency just over two weeks ahead of a key EU report on its performance .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Stafford	United States	In an e-mail Stafford Smith wondered what the United States would do with the prison complex it has built up since 2002 then noted with bitter humor that it could serve as a pleasant Caribbean resort .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	He	South Africa	He went on to Rhodes University in Grahamstown South Africa and graduated with a BCom before joining the RAF for five years in 1941 .
no_relation	Games	Andy Dyer	Busman's Holiday featured a style interview with people working in the video games industry like musician Rob Hubbard EA Marketing Manager Simon Jeffrey Games ' Tester Danny Curley GamesMaster host Dominik Diamond and a familiar games journalist called Andy Dyer .
no_relation	Shakespears Sister	London	After leaving Shakespears Sister in 1993 Detroit begun her own solo career also with London Records .
no_relation	Ramos-Horta	East Timor	Evans has replied at length to these charges in various forums acknowledging that the Indonesian military's behaviour had been appalling and conceding that Australia had been too optimistic about its capacity for redemption but arguing that de jure recognition by Australian ( and other ) governments had never denied the continuing right of the East Timorese to self-determination ; that he personally had worked hard ( as subsequently acknowledged by Ramos-Horta ) to achieve real autonomy for East Timor as the only realistic option before the events of 1997 ; and that independent East Timor had fully inherited the benefits of the Timor Gap Treaty .
per:title(e1,e2)	Tilda Swinton	Actress	Tilda Swinton was nominated for a number of acting awards including a Golden Globe Award Screen Actors Guild and BAFTA for Best Actress in a leading role .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Mr. Peterson	Telarc	Mr. Granz's Verve and Pablo labels released most of Mr. Peterson 's work but he also recorded for the MPS and Telarc labels among others .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	Fubon Financial Holding Co.	Fubon Bank	Fubon Financial Holding Co. Ltd. ( ) ( ) are Fubon Asset Management Fubon Insurance Co. Ltd. Fubon Securities Fubon Bank ( present Taipei Fubon Bank ) Fubon Life and Fubon Bank ( Hong Kong ) Limited decided to jointly form Fubon Financial .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Suharto	Indonesia	Suharto who is still respected by many in positions of power in Indonesia despite his ignominious fall in 1998 has never stood trial to face allegations of massive corruption .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	Air Next	ANA	On October 1 2010 Air Next Air Central and Air Nippon Network were merged and rebranded as ANA Wings .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e2,e1)	Rhode Island	Sheldon Whitehouse	Only six senators -- all Democrats -- had the courage to vote against this wrong-headed amendment : Richard J. Durbin Ill. Tom Harkin Iowa Patrick J. Leahy Vt. Carl M. Levin Mich. and Rhode Island 's Jack Reed and Sheldon Whitehouse .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Kubrick	England	The Kubrick family moved to England in the early 1960s where Christiane continued to paint and exhibit .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Air China	China	Air China owns 17.5 % of Cathay Pacific ( second largest shareholder ) and the Civil Aviation Administration of China ( CAAC ) an administrative agency of the State Council owns majority and controlling stakes in China Southern Airlines China Eastern Airlines and Air China .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Francesco Rutelli	Rome	Outgoing Culture Minister Francesco Rutelli announces bid for Rome mayor .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Iceland	Oddsson	Central Bank of Iceland governor Oddsson later clarified that the loan was still being negotiated .
org:top_members/employees(e2,e1)	Stockwell Day	Canadian Alliance	Eight members of Parliament from Canada's major opposition party called Tuesday for leader Stockwell Day to resign in what amounted to a mutiny within the 14-month-old Canadian Alliance .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	British Airways PLC	BA CityFlyer	British Airways PLC said Wednesday it is expanding its operations at London City Airport by more than 70 percent with the launch of its new subsidiary BA CityFlyer .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Communist Party	Deng Xiaoping	Other interesting exhibits included the first Chinese version of Manifesto of the Communist Party the crystal eagle that former U.S. President Ronald Reagan presented to late Chinese leader Deng Xiaoping and the returned capsule of Shenzhou 5 China's first manned spaceship .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Democratic Kampuchea	his	There was no policy of mass killings he wrote in his new book Reflection on Cambodian History from Ancient Times to the Era of Democratic Kampuchea published just days before his arrest Monday .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Pritzker School of Medicine	IL	M.D. - University of Chicago Pritzker School of Medicine Chicago IL Postdoctoral training - Neurology - University of Pennsylvania Global Principal Investigator of the ACT ( Avonex Combination Trial ) clinical trial Global Principal Investigator of the TRANSFORMS Phase III trial of Fingolimod a novel oral agent for use in treating Multiple Sclerosis the primary results of which were presented at the American Academy of Neurology Annual Meeting in May 2009 .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Mitch McConnell	Kentucky	After a meeting between Sen. Harry Reid of Nevada the majority leader and his Republican counterpart Sen. Mitch McConnell of Kentucky a spokesman for Reid said the elimination of the earmarks which lawmakers pride themselves on back home was a growing possibility .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	e Vytautas Magnus Universit	n Kauna	He was born in Valtnai Lithuania on February 16 1902 received his education at th e Vytautas Magnus Universit y i n Kauna s Lithuania and was ordained to the priesthood in 1933 .
no_relation	Butthole Surfers	Touch	Janitor Joe became a staple of the Minneapolis sound characterized by vicious riff-driven thickly layered blasts of noise influenced by the Pacific Northwest's early grunge sound and by the sharper faster DC Post-hardcore scene as well as the stop-start distortion of the Butthole Surfers Shellac and others on the Touch and Go label .
no_relation	1890	Gillig	In 1890 Jacob Gillig opened a carriage and wagon shop in San Francisco California and was joined by his son Leo in 1896 .
org:alternate_names(e1,e2)	160th Special Operations Aviation Regiment	Night Stalkers	gif | 160th Special Operations Aviation Regiment Night Stalkers File :167 th Support Battalion coat of arms.gif | 167th Support Battalion Links of Strength File :168 SptBnCOA.jpg | 168th Support BattalionFile :589 SptBnCOA.jpg | 589th Support BattalionFile :725 SptBnCOA.jpg | 725th Support BattalionFile :080 - Regiment-US-COA .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	He	Germany	( He was popular throughout Germany - in Munich he was loved . ) .
org:city_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Medford	North Medford High School	Both South Medford and North Medford High School share the stadium for football .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Suffolk University Law School	Boston	Alfred C. Aman Jr. ( born July 7 1945 ) is a well-known professor of administrative law author and the former Dean of Indiana University Maurer School of Law - Bloomington and Suffolk University Law School in Boston Massachusetts .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	National Patriotic	Charles Taylor	She was one of the founders and the political leader of National Patriotic Front of Liberia the warlord Charles Taylor 's party .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	CNBC	NBC Universal	CNBC Latin America is a business TV channel from NBC Universal and Dow Jones that retransmits programs from CNBC and CNBC World to Latin America .
per:cities_of_residence(e2,e1)	Hyde Park	Eleanor Roosevelt	John subsequently acquired what remained of the Hyde Park property Elliott had farmed with Eleanor Roosevelt .
per:origin(e2,e1)	American	James K. Polk	Concerned about his legacy George W. Bush may yet live to see his name entered into the history of his country as the president who lost the American Southwest that James K. Polk won for the United States .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Southern Illinois University Edwardsville	Edwardsville	SIUE School of Pharmacy is an academic unit of Southern Illinois University Edwardsville located in Edwardsville Illinois USA .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	England	Derek Bailey	From 1960 to 1964 he led his own quartet which performed locally in England and in 1963 he began working with Gavin Bryars and guitarist Derek Bailey in a trio known as Joseph Holbrooke .
org:top_members/employees(e2,e1)	Stanislaw Maczek	1st Armoured Division	In 1944 Abbeville was liberated by the General Stanislaw Maczek 's Polish 1st Armoured Division .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Rafael Vicente Correa Delgado	Ecuador	Rafael Vicente Correa Delgado ( ; born 6 April 1963 ) is the President of the Republic of Ecuador and the former president pro tempore of the Union of South American Nations .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Taliban	Abdullah Mehsud	Tensions have been running high in the area since last month when another Taliban leader Abdullah Mehsud reportedly blew himself up in the Zhob area of Baluchistan during a military operation Rehman said .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Austria	Alfred Gusenbauer	In 2008 Chancellor of Austria Alfred Gusenbauer paid an official visit to Chile .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	Linda Arkley	North Tyneside	http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/england/devon/4358616.stm Bye was the Conservative Party's third directly elected mayor after Chris Morgan and Linda Arkley in North Tyneside and the first directly elected mayor in the South West .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	Press Holdings	The Business	Their Press Holdings company owns The Business and The Spectator magazine .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Beaux	Pennsylvania	In 1895 Beaux became the first woman to have a regular teaching position at the Pennsylvania Academy of the Fine Arts where she instructed in portrait drawing and painting for the next twenty years .
org:top_members/employees(e2,e1)	Fareed Zakaria	Newsweek	Garrison Keillor won in the essay category for a National Geographic piece on state fairs and Fareed Zakaria of Newsweek won for columns and commentary .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	St. Benet Biscop High School	Northumberland	St. Benet Biscop High School is a renowned Roman Catholic selective high school in Bedlington Northumberland .
org:founded(e2,e1)	1946	Puerto Rican Independence Party	In 1946 Gilberto de Gracia founded the Puerto Rican Independence Party ( PIP ) .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	program	Canada	The program is open to both Canadian and international students and runs in twelve participating university campuses across Canada where the students live in residence .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e2,e1)	Virginia	Thomas Lee	He was born at Stratford Hall Plantation in Westmoreland County Virginia to Hon. Thomas Lee ( 1690 1750 ) and Hannah Harrison Ludwell ( 1701 1750 ) .
no_relation	AFT	UTNO	In 1998 LaCour was elected executive vice president of the AFT and he retired as UTNO president .
no_relation	Andhra Pradesh	Jawaharlal Nehru Technological University	It has one of the famous temples of Andhra Pradesh Kondagattu Anjaneya Swami temple and Jawaharlal Nehru Technological University college .
no_relation	Citizenship	Citizenship and Immigration Canada	The Canadian Citizenship Test is a test administered by Citizenship and Immigration Canada ( CIC ) that is required for all applicants for Canadian citizenship who are aged between 18 and 54 and who meet the basic requirements for citizenship .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	United States	presidency of George Washington	The Whiskey Rebellion or Whiskey Insurrection was a tax protest in the United States beginning in 1791 during the presidency of George Washington .
org:founded(e1,e2)	Westfield School	1957	In Eckington was also the Eckington Secondary Modern School on School Street ; when the grammar school became Derbyshire's first comprehensive school - the Westfield School - in 1957 this became Eckington Junior School .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Ma Ying-jeou	Kuomintang	Ma Ying-jeou former leader of Taiwan's main opposition party Kuomintang ( KMT ) went on trial in Taipei on Tuesday on charges of corruption .
per:title(e2,e1)	architect	John Lees	The architect of the settlement was a member of the Moravian Church Brother John Lees from Clarksfield in Oldham .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Spain	Seat	Spain 's auto manufacturing sector is the third-biggest in Europe although it has no national automaker besides Seat which is owned by Germany's Volkswagen .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Mel Martinez	Florida	Sen. Mel Martinez of Florida who is chairman of the Republican National Committee said the new focus on security measures was intended as a confidence-building measure to shore up support among Republicans uneasy with the proposal rather than convert die-hard opponents .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	Jeep	Chrysler	Jeep is a major part of their business and represents the best chance for Chrysler to fulfill its goals of growing overseas he said .
per:spouse(e1,e2)	She	John Edwards	She died of cancer Tuesday in North Carolina at 61 a lawyer and bestselling author who came to overshadow her husband former senator and two-time presidential hopeful John Edwards .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	Chrysler	General Motors	He later served as a special adviser to investor Kirk Kerkorian during Kerkorian's 2007 failed takeover bid for Chrysler and his other investments in Ford Motor Company and General Motors where he previously served as a board member from February to October 2006 before resigning over frustration resulting from GM's failure to distribute materials to the Board in advance of its meetings and a reluctance to implement change recommendations including the shedding of peripheral brands which GM ultimately affected during bankruptcy in the form of terminating the Pontiac Saturn and Hummer brands ( after a failed sale attempt to Chinese Sichuan Tengzhong Heavy Industrial Machinery ) and the sale of its SAAB division to Spyker Cars .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Lee	South Korea	Lee 's office said the leaders agreed to work more closely for an early conclusion of a free trade deal between South Korea and the EU .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Daniel J. Layton	Delaware	His son Daniel J. Layton later became Attorney General of Delaware and then Chief Justice of the Delaware Supreme Court .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	Central Norway Regional Health Authority	Hospital Trust	The Central Norway Regional Health Authority is based in and its subsidiary Hospital Trust operates two hospitals Levanger and Namsos .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Grateful Dead	Bob Weir	Bobby and the Midnites is a 1981 studio album by Grateful Dead singer and guitarist Bob Weir and his then side project Bobby and the Midnites .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	Articolo 31	Milan	Articolo 31 was a popular band from Milan Italy melding hip hop funk pop and traditional Italian musical forms .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Toei Doga	Tokyo	After a few years Katsumata moved to Toei Doga ( Toei Animation ) in Tokyo working as a director on some of Toei's early television series including Ken the Wolf Boy ( 1963 ) the original Cyborg 009 anime ( 1968 ) and Tiger Mask ( 1970 ) .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Van Loan	Ontario	Van Loan graduated from York University's Osgoode Hall Law School and was admitted to the Bar of Ontario in 1989 .
org:city_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Lehigh	Lehigh and Northampton Transportation Authority	Public bus service in Lehigh Valley is available through the Lehigh and Northampton Transportation Authority known as LANTA .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Stabilimento Tecnico Triestino	Trieste	Radetzky was built at the Stabilimento Tecnico Triestino dockyard in Trieste the same place where her sister ships were built .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Presidency	?eljko	Current Croat member of the Presidency is ?eljko ? of the Social Democratic Party .
no_relation	Ragam	Calicut	The Ragam pro-shows have always been noted for the celebrities who have performed at NIT Calicut .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Bolivia	Evo Morales	Relations between Iran and Bolivia were strengthened during the presidencies of Evo Morales and Mahmoud Ahmadinejad .
org:founded(e2,e1)	1947	Nepali Rashtriya Congress	January 26 1947 : Nepali Rashtriya Congress formed and B.P. Koirala elected President at the first General Convention .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	HP	Palo Alto	In May HP based in Palo Alto Calif. agreed to pay a $ 28 million penalty to the Securities and Exchange Commission related to the charges against Mercury .
per:title(e2,e1)	Interior	James G. Watt	Earlier in 1982 a House committee voted to cite Interior Secretary James G. Watt for refusing to turn over documents related to energy-related policies .
org:top_members/employees(e1,e2)	Canadian Alliance	Stockwell Day	Curiously the party's 2012 presidential candidate Gabriel Quadri appeared in a wetsuit at his campaign launch mirroring that of former Canadian Alliance leader Stockwell Day .
per:title(e2,e1)	President	Gloria Macapagal-Arroyo	On February 22 2007 President Gloria Macapagal-Arroyo signed Republic Act 9371 creating the second congressional district in the city by splitting the former lone district into west and the east with the Cagayan de Oro River as the natural boundary .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	VRT	Canvas	( stylized as ) is a public Dutch-language TV station in Belgium owned by the VRT which also owns Ketnet Canvas and several radio stations .
per:origin(e2,e1)	Serbian	Mihailo Petrovi?	The settlement was named after one of the most important Serbian mathematicians and a passionate fisherman ( alas ) Mihailo Petrovi? ?Alas ( 1868-1943 ) .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	England	Winchester College	He was born in Kensington England and educated at Chapham and Winchester College .
org:founded_by(e2,e1)	Viggo Mortensen	Perceval	In 2005 he collaborated with Viggo Mortensen to create a photo journal called SkipPerceval Press - Skip ( Newsom's eldest brother's nickname ) which was then published by Mortensen's Perceval Press.Perceval Press In June 2006 with Viggo Mortensen Lindsay Brice and Stanley Milstein Newsom anchored a successful group photographic show entitled Four Tales from Perceval .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Trinity College	Hartford	8:00 PM in the McCook Auditorium Trinity College Hartford CT .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Lisahally F.C.	Lisahally	Lisahally F.C. which is based at the village of Strathfoyle was founded by port workers from Lisahally .
per:country_of_birth(e2,e1)	Russia	Nemtsov	A Levada Centre poll released Friday said 59 percent of likely voters plan to vote for the pro-Kremlin ruling United Russia party while 18 percent named the Communist Party and only one percent Nemtsov 's SPS .
per:origin(e2,e1)	Indonesian	Abdurrahman Wahid	Former Indonesian president Abdurrahman Wahid died in hospital on Wednesday aged 69 after a long battle with illness a party official said .
per:title(e2,e1)	Treasury	Salmon P. Chase	We are now on the brink of destruction Lincoln confided to a close friend after being deluged with congressional criticism and confronted by resignations from both Seward and Treasury Secretary Salmon P. Chase .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Far Eastern University	Philippines	Far Eastern University ( FEU ) ( ) in the University Belt area West Sampaloc City of Manila is a nonsectarian private university in the Philippines .
org:alternate_names(e1,e2)	Fork Union Military Academy	FUMA	After attending a variety of public schools he entered Fork Union Military Academy and graduated from FUMA in 1921 .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Mitch McConnell	Kentucky	The two Senate leaders Senators Harry Reid Democrat of Nevada and the majority leader and Mitch McConnell of Kentucky the Republican leader strongly urged their colleagues to approve the plan despite the political risk given public resentment .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	she	Taiwan	U. S. Secretary of Labor Elaine L. Chao said recently that she would continue to work to cement the United States ' ties with Taiwan and China after she retires from her post early next year .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Gurgenidze	Georgia	During his short tenure as the Prime Minister Gurgenidze has initiated significant changes to the fiscal and monetary laws of Georgia which paved the way for Georgia to become a regional trade and financial hub .
org:top_members/employees(e2,e1)	Klein	CNN	In interviews Thursday Klein denied that CNN had acquiesced to pressure by Hispanic advocacy groups to drop Dobbs a fervent opponent of illegal immigration .
org:members(e1,e2)	The Football League	Wales	During a 16 year playing career he made over 400 appearances in The Football League scoring 61 goals and attained 21 caps for Wales .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Tufts University	MA	3 Nutritional Epidemiology Program Jean Mayer U.S. Department of Agriculture Human Nutrition Research Center on Aging at Tufts University Boston MA 02111 .
per:title(e1,e2)	Ellian	professor	The author of the article quoted below below Mr. Ellian who fled Iran in 1983 is a professor of legal philosophy at Leiden University ( Netherlands ) .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Elisabeth of Bavaria	Austria	She was the Identical twins #Monozygotic twins | identical twin sister of Amalie Auguste von Bayern | Queen Amalie of Saxony consort of John I of Saxony | King John I of Saxony and sister of Sophie Princess of Bavaria | Archduchess Sophie of Austria mother of Franz Joseph I of Austria | Emperor Franz Josef I of Austria and Maximilian I of Mexico | Emperor Maximilian I of Mexico ; as well as Princess Ludovika of Bavaria | Ludovika Duchess in Bavaria mother of Franz Josef's consort Elisabeth of Bavaria | Empress Elisabeth of Austria ( '' Sisi '' ) who was Elisabeth's godchild and namesake .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Navy	him	Winter the Navy secretary complained that the Navy bureaucracy had failed to alert him to rising costs .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	University of St. Thomas	St. Paul	The Center for Catholic Studies an academic community within the University of St. Thomas in St. Paul Minnesota .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Fischer	Austria	In April 2010 Fischer was re-elected as President of Austria winning a second six-year term in office with almost 79 % of the votes .
no_relation	Chevrolet	GMC	The GM which holds a string of brands such as Buick Cadillace Chevrolet GMC GM Daewoo HUMMER Opel Pontiac Saab Saturn Vauxhall and Wuling sells and services in some 140 countries .
per:title(e2,e1)	President	Michel Suleiman	Also President Michel Suleiman highlighted the importance of stability in Syria and its positive impact on the security of and economic situation in Lebanon and Syria .
no_relation	Humphrey	Minnesota	The Humphrey fusionists vanquished the traditional agrarian populists within the Minnesota Farmer-Labor Party .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Continental Army	George Washington	He had several positions in the Continental Army including Muster-Master General Secretary and Aide to General George Washington Quartermaster General Commander of The Fourth Continental Light Dragoons and Commander of the Cavalry of the Continental Army .
org:top_members/employees(e1,e2)	Team Ninja	Tomonobu Itagaki	On the 3rd June 2008 Team Ninja head Tomonobu Itagaki resigned from the company and filed a 145 million yen ( $ 1.3 million ) lawsuit for unpaid completion bonuses and emotional distress .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Fife High School	Fife	Fife High School is located in the town of Fife Washington .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	Buick	General Motors	The Buick Club of America is not affiliated with Buick Motor Division nor with General Motors The Buick Club of America is a renowned and respected club and offers domestic and international memberships for anyone interested in the Buick automobile .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Sorensen	Washington	Sorensen earned undergraduate and law degrees at the University of Nebraska and on July 1 1951 at the age of 23 he left Lincoln to seek his fortune in Washington .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Austria	Alfred Gusenbauer	Austria will introduce an unlimited guarantee on bank deposits Chancellor Alfred Gusenbauer announced after a cabinet meeting following a similar move by Germany over the weekend .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	John Carroll University	Ohio	Prior to this he served a position as professor at John Carroll University in Cleveland Ohio .
org:alternate_names(e1,e2)	Trans Australia Airlines	Australian Airlines	Qantas ' domestic mainline operation was originally established as Trans Australia Airlines in the 1940s and renamed Australian Airlines in 1986 .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Ma	Kuomintang	Along with the 2008 legislative election Ma 's landslide victory brought the Kuomintang back to power in Taiwan .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	Tito	Ljubljana	Croatian and Slovenian historians and journalists have declared Simic the best connoisseur of Tito in the world and the world's greatest titologist ( Silvin Ejlec at the round table After Tito Tito - 30 years later Ljubljana May 4 2010 .
org:members(e2,e1)	Estonia	bank	Since then Greece joined in January 2001 Slovenia in January 2007 Cyprus and Malta in January 2008 Slovakia in January 2009 and Estonia in January 2011 enlarging the bank 's scope and the membership of its Governing Council .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Rutherford B. Hayes	Ohio	In the spring of 1877 Rutherford B. Hayes resigned as Governor of Ohio to become President of the United States .
no_relation	his	California	While on vacation with his family near Arcata in Northern California in 1947 his father went fly-fishing in the Trinity River part of the Six Rivers National Forest.Jackson pg .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Susan Collins	Maine	Eight Republicans voted against it : Sens. Bob Bennett ( Utah ) Thad Cochran ( Miss. ) Susan Collins ( Maine ) James Inhofe ( Okla. ) Richard Lugar ( Ind. ) Lisa Murkowski ( Alaska ) Richard Shelby ( Ala. ) and George Voinovich ( Ohio ) .
per:origin(e2,e1)	American	Jasper Francis Cropsey	Housed in a converted nineteenth century gristmill the museum permanent collection features American illustration still life works and landscape painting by Jasper Francis Cropsey Harvey Dunn Peter Hurd Maxfield Parrish Howard Pyle William Trost Richards and Jessie Willcox Smith .
no_relation	State	Lawrence Eagleburger	Meeting on April 5 Haig and Assistant Secretary of State for Political Affairs Lawrence Eagleburger favoured backing Britain concerned that equivocation would undermine the NATO alliance .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Dave Faulkner	Perth	His next band Rockets issued one single Mean Mistress before Roddy relocated to Sydney where in January 1981 he joined Baker Dave Faulkner ( another Perth expatriate and ex-leader of the Victims ) and Kimble Rendall ( ex-XL Capris ) as founders of Le Hoodoo Gurus .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Dr. Dre	Death Row	After Dr. Dre The D.O.C. and Michel ' le departed from Ruthless to join Death Row Records and allegations over Eazy-E being coerced into signing away their contracts ( while however retaining a portion of their publishing rights ) a bitter rivalry ensued .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Singapore	Lee Kuan Yew	The 82-year-old British-trained lawyer and former MP was the nemesis of Singapore 's iron-fisted founding leader Lee Kuan Yew 85 whose People's Action Party ( PAP ) will celebrate 50 uninterrupted years in power in 2009 .
org:founded(e2,e1)	October 4 1962	ABU	At the opening on October 4 1962 thanks in part to absorbing existing institutions ABU claimed four Faculties comprising 15 Departments .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Ron Wyden	Oregon	Sen. Ron Wyden of Oregon a Democratic member of the Intelligence Committee did not challenge any of the conclusions laid out by Hayden but said the inquiry should never have happened and ca n't be allowed to happen again .
org:top_members/employees(e2,e1)	Hugo Gernsback	Wonder Stories	Horning sent a complimentary copy to Hugo Gernsback publisher of Wonder Stories .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Bertie Ahern	UK Electoral Commission	Bertie Ahern announced on 7 December 2007 that Fianna had been registered in Northern Ireland by the UK Electoral Commission .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	Speed	News Corporation	Speed is an American sports-oriented cable and satellite television channel dedicated to motorsports that is owned by the Fox Sports Media Group division of News Corporation .
org:members(e2,e1)	New York Volunteer Infantry Regiment	Union	The 139th New York Volunteer Infantry Regiment was an infantry regiment of Union Army in the early years of the American Civil War .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Executive Airlines	San Juan	According to the American Airlines system timetable dated March 7 2013 all American Eagle flights operated by Executive Airlines from San Juan ( SJU ) were scheduled to be discontinued by April 1 2013 .
org:alternate_names(e2,e1)	Philip Morris	Altria Group	On January 27 2003 Philip Morris Companies Inc. changed its name to Altria Group Inc .
per:title(e1,e2)	Leslie David Baker	actor	Leslie David Baker ( born February 19 1958 ) is an American film and television actor .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Virginia	Littleton Waller Tazewell	He was named for the Governor of Virginia Littleton Waller Tazewell .
no_relation	The Police	1977	So I reckoned he 'd be OK but I did n't figure Sting would see it that way . . With Padovani on guitar The Police recorded their first single Fall Out b/w Nothing Achieving in 1977 .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	He	Minneapolis	He resides near Minneapolis Minnesota and is considering buying a home in France .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Samuel Cate Prescott	Massachusetts Institute of Technology	Tanner was a presenter at a 1937 conference with Samuel Cate Prescott of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology ( MIT ) held at MIT on Microorganisms in Relation to Food Processing .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Fox Lane High School	Bedford	Fox Lane High School is a public secondary school located in the town of Bedford New York .
org:alternate_names(e2,e1)	KC	Wizards	The biggest news of the month came when KC Wizards announced the international friendly with Manchester United to be played July 25 at the newly renovated Arrowhead Stadium .
per:title(e2,e1)	Chairman	Albert Ho	Li Gang ( 2nd right ) deputy director of the Liaison Office of the Central People's Government in Hong Kong meets for the first time with Democratic Party leaders : Vice-Chairman Emily Lau ( left ) Chairman Albert Ho ( 2nd left ) and Cheung Man-kwong ( 3rd left ) to discuss constitutional reform | thumb | 350pxFollowing the by-election it was revealed that meetings had been arranged for moderate pan-democrats to meet Beijing representatives the first meeting between Democratic Party leaders and senior officials from the central government since the Tiananmen Square protests of 1989 for talks on democratic development .
org:founded(e2,e1)	1	LFK	On 1 March 2006 LFK became MBDA Germany .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Charles Langlois	Sweden	Charles Langlois ( 1692 1762 ) was a French actor who spent a large part of his career in Sweden where he was to play an important part in Swedish theatre history as the originator of the first national theatre in Sweden and its first director .
per:country_of_birth(e1,e2)	Luis Adolfo Siles Salinas	Bolivia	Luis Adolfo Siles Salinas ( June 21 1925 La Paz Bolivia October 19 2005 La Paz ) was the Constitutional President of Bolivia for a period of five months between April and September 1969 .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	his	Florida	At the end of the book Martinez quickly recounts his political career from unsuccessful candidate for Florida 's lieutenant governor to chairman of Orange County then secretary of the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development and finally U.S. senator .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Australian National Academy of Music	Melbourne	The club together with the Australian National Academy of Music has played a key role in developing the Melbourne Cabaret Festival .
per:title(e2,e1)	President	Bharrat Jagdeo	Addressing the opening ceremony Guyanese President Bharrat Jagdeo said the Rio Group should strengthen its traditional role in solving regional issues and actively confront challenges in regional development .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Norfolk State University	Norfolk	Willard Bailey ( born June 3 1939 ) is a former American football college coach and an alumnus of Norfolk State University in Norfolk Virginia who graduated in 1962 .
per:cities_of_residence(e2,e1)	Livingston	Livingston F.C.	Some 18 months after Clyde relocated to Broadwood Stadium in Cumbernauld Meadowbank Thistle relocated from Meadowbank Stadium in Edinburgh to the Almondvale Stadium in Livingston ( also a new town ) and to reflect their new location changed their name to Livingston F.C. .
org:top_members/employees(e2,e1)	Patrick T. Harker	University of Delaware	He was followed by Mark A. Emmert of the University of Washington ( $ ) ; Patrick T. Harker of the University of Delaware ( $ . ) .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	California Golden Bears	Berkeley	The 2002 California Golden Bears football team represented the University of California Berkeley during the 2002 NCAA Division I-A football season .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Tommy Thompson	Wisconsin	The Tommy Thompson presidential campaign of 2008 began when the former Wisconsin Governor and Secretary of Health and Human Services Tommy Thompson announced his candidacy for the Republican nomination for president of the United States on April 1 2007 .
org:alternate_names(e1,e2)	Communist Party of Greece	KKE	The political strategy of OAKKE is the reconstruction of the old revolutionary Communist Party of Greece ( KKE ) of the period 1918-1956 ( as the currently named KKE party is considered by OAKKE as a non-communist social-fascist party ) but under the new conditions an d enriched with the experience the last 50 years and Maoism .
per:origin(e2,e1)	French	Chagall	Cauquil-Prince was introduced to Chagall by Madeleine Malraux wife to the French minister of Culture Malraux shortly after Chagall had created tapestries for the Israeli Knesset in the mid-1960s .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	Ian Smith	Rhodesia	He formed a joint government with Ian Smith the former Prime Minister of Rhodesia who was a Minister without Portfolio .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Urho Kekkonen	Finland	In 1952 Nurmi was persuaded by Urho Kekkonen Prime Minister of Finland and former chairman of the Finnish Athletics Federation to carry the Olympic torch into the Olympic Stadium at the 1952 Summer Olympics in Helsinki .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Illinois Army National Guard	Illinois	Staff Sgt. Jason A. Vazquez 24 2nd Battalion 122nd Field Artillery Illinois Army National Guard Chicago Illinois One of four soldiers killed when their vehicle encountered a roadside bomb in Gerdia Seria Afghanistan on September 17 2008 .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Richmond Spiders	Richmond	The Richmond Spiders men's basketball team represents the University of Richmond in Richmond Virginia and currently competes in the Atlantic 10 Conference .
per:title(e2,e1)	screenwriter	Henry Ephron	Phoebe Ephron ( Wolkind ; January 26 1914 October 13 1971 ) was an American playwright and screenwriter who often worked with Henry Ephron her husband whom she wed in 1934 .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Interior	Dirk Kempthorne	( U.S. Interior Secretary Dirk Kempthorne a former Idaho senator and governor also lives on D Dock .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	Chiang Kai-shek	Nanchang	It was at this point that Zhou Enlai's spy network within Chiang Kai-shek 's headquarter in Nanchang passed intelligence to the Communists revealing that Chiang was massing for a final push .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Dr Pepper Snapple Group	Texas	Venom Energy is an energy drink brand produced and distributed by Dr Pepper Snapple Group of Plano Texas .
per:country_of_birth(e1,e2)	Thomas Jefferson	United States	Pendleton was a member of the Board of Commissioners who met at the tavern at Rockfish Gap in 1818 and decided to locate the University of Virginia at Charlottesville - a group that included Thomas Jefferson James Madison James Monroe John Marshall and among others John G. Jackson another future judge of the United States District Court for the Western District of Virginia .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	French Polynesia	Gaston Tong Sang	French Polynesia 's President Gaston Tong Sang has traveled by helicopter to the crash site with two other cabinet members .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Bret Schundler	New Jersey	His primary competitor in the primaries was Bret Schundler a former gubernatorial candidate and former Mayor of Jersey City New Jersey .
org:alternate_names(e1,e2)	Institute of Road and Transport Technology	IRTT	The Institute of Road and Transport Technology ( IRTT ) is an engineering institution located in Chithode Erode India run by the Transport Department of the government of Tamil Nadu and listed under category I colleges by the Directorate of Technical Education .
per:origin(e1,e2)	Sharett	Israeli	Sharett 's personal diaries first published by his son Yaakov in 1978 have proved to be an important source for Israeli history .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Lebanese Armed Forces	Lebanon	They are also likely to discuss continued American support to the Lebanese government as it further builds the capacity of the Lebanese Armed Forces to confront challenges to stability in Lebanon and the region he said .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Island Records	he	Again working with Island Records he produced Soul Punk .
per:country_of_birth(e1,e2)	He	Mexico	He was nicknamed El Charro de Mexico .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e2,e1)	Kentucky	Mitch McConnell	Kentucky Sen. Mitch McConnell the Senate Republican leader said Sunday that senators in both parties are frustrated with the Iraqi government .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Royal Caribbean	Miami	Royal Caribbean 's Oasis of the Seas will be completed within a year before sailing to Miami .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Mineola High School	Texas	He attended Mineola High School in Mineola Texas where he played both baseball and football .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Tupper	Nova Scotia	Although Tupper won his seat the 1855 election was an overall disaster for the Nova Scotia Conservatives with the Liberals led by William Young winning a large majority .
org:members(e2,e1)	Dresden University of Technology	Dresden	The firm was founded in 2002 by Dr. Armin Schwerdtner who had previously headed an optics research group at the Dresden University of Technology ( TU Dresden ) .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	East African Community	Tanzania	Ndulu made the remarks on Thursday at the 15th Conference of Financial Institutions in Arusha the headquarters of the East African Community ( EAC ) in northeastern Tanzania under the theme of Towards the East African Monetary Union and the Implications to Financial Stability .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Wirreanda High School	South Australia	Wirreanda High School is one of two Specialist Sports Schools in South Australia which offers a General sports course .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Michael Hayes	CBS	Michael Hayes is a TV series that ran on CBS from 1997 to 1998 .
no_relation	Duke University School of Law	North Carolina	Over the course of his career Judge Barber has expanded his legal education by attending numerous conferences and seminars including intensive programs with the National College of District Attorneys Cornell University Duke University School of Law the University of North Carolina School of Business the Arizona Supreme Court and the National Judicial College .
org:members(e2,e1)	Mint Royale	Faith Hope	Pop Is . . is a compilation album by Mint Royale released on February 4 2007 on Faith Hope Records .
no_relation	Deborah Dyer	Skin	Len Arran ( born Leonard Arran 7 June 1961 Thornaby-on-Tees England ) is an English composer of film scores and songwriter for Skunk Anansie and solo artist Deborah Dyer ( Skin ) .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Verne Orr	Air Force	On September 27 1985 President Reagan nominated Rourke to replace Verne Orr who was retiring after five years as Secretary of the Air Force .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Tumwater High School	Tumwater	Marrs graduated Tumwater High School in Tumwater Washington in 1988 .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Stax	Sam Dave	After graduating high school in 1962 and winning seven college scholarships for vocal music Hayes turned down higher education to launch his music with Stax Record where he worked with some of Rhythm and Blues biggest names at the time including Sam Dave Otis Redding and Booker T the MG's .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	Carmichael	Toronto	Carmichael introduced Casson to The Arts and Letters Club of Toronto where he met many well-known artists including other Group of Seven members .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Maung Aye	SPDC	Maung Aye was the second highest-ranking member of the SPDC .
org:members(e2,e1)	Duquesne University	Division I	The 2012 Duquesne Dukes Devils football team represented Duquesne University in the 2012 NCAA Division I FCS football season .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Hong Kong Monetary Authority	Hong Kong	The Hong Kong Monetary Authority purchased 14 floors in 2IFC ; the Hong Kong Mortgage Corporation signed a 12-year lease on ; Nomura Group agreed to take at 2 IFC ; the Financial Times an existing tenant at One IFC took .
org:alternate_names(e1,e2)	Swedbank	SEB	Sweden's Swedbank SEB and Nordea make up half of Latvia's banking industry and any mass default in the Baltic nations would likely hurt them .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Ma Rainey	Columbus	His reputation as a brilliant live performer enabled him to play alongside blues luminaries such as B. B. King and Buddy Guy ( Ma Rainey House benefit concert Columbus Georgia June 1997 ) James Cotton ( Cotton's 64th birthday concert in Memphis ) and Hubert Sumlin ( South by Southwest Austin Texas March 2005 ) .
org:top_members/employees(e2,e1)	Bruce Arena	Los Angeles Galaxy	Former United States coach Bruce Arena has been hired as coach of David Beckham's Los Angeles Galaxy who have n't won a game in over two months .
no_relation	Vermeer	Delft	Records of that sale described The Milkmaid as exceptionally good and the work brought the second-highest price in the sale ( 175 guilders exceeded only by the 200 guilders paid for Vermeer 's cityscape View of Delft ) .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Izzy Stradlin	Guns N ' Roses	Izzy Stradlin has since produced eleven solo albums more work than any other single member of Guns N ' Roses had produced .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Pennsylvania	the Triangle	But almost all reports referred to Pennsylvania Avenue NW and 15th Street NW as the Triangle 's northern and western boundaries .
no_relation	Sabah	Musa Aman	In Sabah chief minister and Sabah BN chairman Musa Aman announced that the same formula used in the 2004 election would be used in this election with regards to the allocation of seats among BN's component parties of Sabah .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Mitch McConnell	Kentucky	In 1993 Chao married Mitch McConnell the senior United States Senator from Kentucky and the Republican Leader of the United States Senate .
per:title(e2,e1)	Prime Minister	Prachanda	Taking the opportunity to solicit greater support and enhanced level of cooperation from development partners and international agencies Prime Minister Prachanda said We call for the centrality of the UN in international affairs as it represents the highest form of multilateralism .
no_relation	Pottinger	British	Sir Frederick William Pottinger 2nd Baronet ( 27 April 1831 9 April 1865 ) police inspector was born in India son of Lieutenant-General Sir Henry Pottinger of the British East India Company and his wife Susanna Maria Cooke of Dublin.Selth P. A. Pottinger Sir Frederick William ( 1831 1865 ) Australian Dictionary of Biography National Centre of Biography Australian National University .
org:top_members/employees(e1,e2)	CBS Corporation	Leslie Moonves	McManus led the CBS Corporation efforts in re-acquiring broadcast rights to the National Football League in January 1998 and in November 2004 with Leslie Moonves re-negotiated the contract to retain the rights for CBS until 2011 .
org:founded(e1,e2)	BOAC	1974	In 1972 BOAC and BEA were combined under the newly formed British Airways Board with the separate airlines coming together as British Airways in 1974 under the guidance of David Nicolson as Chairman of the BA Board .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	Chrysler	Jeep	Chrysler will now have five teams of designers engineers and marketers devoted to Jeep products Dodge trucks Chrysler cars and minivans street racing and global midsize cars .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Fradkov	Foreign Intelligence Service	By the following Saturday -- the July 4 holiday weekend in the States and less than a week and three phone conversations after the arrests -- Panetta and Fradkov the head of Russia's Foreign Intelligence Service had agreed to the deal by phone the officials said .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Orson Welles	United States	Rock to opera a full list of nominees ; USA Today January 8 1993 In 1961 Peter Bogdanovich organized a retrospective of Orson Welles 's films the first in the United States for the Museum of Modern Art .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Iceland	Geir Haarde	Iceland 's prime minister Geir Haarde protested against what he described a terrorist law . . being applied against us calling it a completely unfriendly act .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Jim Talent	Missouri	From 1996 until 1998 he worked as a legislative assistant to Jim Talent then a U.S. Representative from Missouri .
org:city_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	London	Mill Hill School	Cook was born in Camberwell London and educated at Mill Hill School as were his two brothers Frank and Thomas .
org:top_members/employees(e2,e1)	Henry S. Bienen	Northwestern	Henry S. Bienen a political scientist and dean of Princeton University's Woodrow Wilson School of Public and International Affairs was elected president of Northwestern in June 1994 .
per:title(e1,e2)	Carol Christian	astronomer	You will be able to browse into the sky like never before said Carol Christian an astronomer with the Space Telescope Science Institute a nonprofit academic consortium that supports the Hubble Space Telescope .
per:origin(e2,e1)	American	Bradley	But before Witter can think about any unification fights which would improve the likelihood of one day taking on Hatton he must first break the unbeaten record of American Bradley at the Trent FM Arena Nottingham .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	Rufus Wainwright	Montreal	She was raised in a musical family along with her older brother Rufus Wainwright in Montreal Quebec Canada .
per:title(e1,e2)	Kostov	leader	Meanwhile Kostov the former Prime Minister and UDF party leader went on to form his own party - Democrats for a Strong Bulgaria .
org:members(e2,e1)	Duke University	NCAA	The Rebels beat Duke University 103-73 to win the title game of the 1990 NCAA Men's Division I Basketball Championship .
no_relation	Liu Tianhua	929 t	The third he asked Wu Bochao for help later in 1927 after school.The forth he became a student of Liu Tianhua ( simplified Chinese : a national musical instrument composer ) officially from 1 929 t o 1932 .
per:origin(e2,e1)	Sri Lankan	H. R. Jothipala	Many other versions of this song were made such as the song Atha Dilisena Hiru by famous Sri Lankan singer H. R. Jothipala In the film Rajesh Khanna stars as Arun Verma a young pilot from the Indian Air Force .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Andrew Bonar Law	United Kingdom	At Westminster the differences between the Scottish Unionist and the English party could appear blurred or non-existent to the external casual observer especially as many Scottish MPs were prominent in the parliamentary Conservative party such as party leaders Andrew Bonar Law ( 1911-1921 1922-1923 ) and Sir Alec Douglas-Home ( 1963 1965 ) both of whom served as Prime Minister of the United Kingdom .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Kanemura	Japan	In May 1998 Kanemura and Fuyuki would form a tag team called The New Footloose ( Fuyuki and Toshiaki Kawada were the original Footloose tag team in All Japan Pro Wrestling ) .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Chiang Kai-shek	Republic	1966 : The National Assembly elects President Chiang Kai-shek to a fourth term as president of the Republic of China .
per:country_of_birth(e1,e2)	John Pyper-Ferguson	Australia	John Pyper-Ferguson was born in Mordialloc Australia the son of Olympic swimmer Kathleen ( MacNamee ) and Richard Ferguson .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Disney	California	Using the profits from Snow White Disney financed the construction of a new studio complex in Burbank California .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Macedonia	Nikola Gruevski	Macedonia 's Nikola Gruevski and his Albanian counterpart Sali Berisha expressed their readiness for further cooperation in all fields especially in the sector of economy a press release from Macedonian government reads .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Constant	Switzerland	Upon her return to India in June 2011 Faria was chosen as the global Brand Ambassador of Constant a manufacturer of Swiss luxury wrist watches based in Plan-les-Ouates Geneva Switzerland .
per:cities_of_residence(e2,e1)	Chicago	Phuture	Acid house arose from Chicago artists ' experiments with the squelchy Roland TB-303 bass synthesizer and the style's earliest release on vinyl is generally cited as Phuture 's Acid Tracks ( 1987 ) .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Kuomintang	Ma Ying-jeou	As part of new austerity measures implemented by Kuomintang Chairman Ma Ying-jeou the Central Standing Committee resolved to cease publication of the paper by the end of May 2006 .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Junichiro Koizumi	Japan	The last Japanese Prime Minister who visited the shrine while still in office was Junichiro Koizumi whose repeated visits during the 2001-2006 tenure sparked outrage from countries and regions that suffered from Japan 's imperialism .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Prentice	Calgary	Prentice served for seven years on the Board of Directors at the Calgary Winter Club including stints as President and Chairman .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	France	Pierre Samuel du Pont de Nemours	Victor du Pont was born October 1 1767 in Paris France son of Pierre Samuel du Pont de Nemours and Nicole Charlotte Marie Louise le .
no_relation	Technology	COMSATS Institute of Information Technology	Postgraduate College Mandian Abbottabad Army Burn Hall College Wisdom House Public School University of Engineering Technology Abbottabad Campus Ayub Medical College is only one K.m away from mandian and Abbottabad Public School COMSATS Institute of Information Technology Abbottabad campus abbottabad international medical colloge and Frontier Medical College is % k.m away from Mandian The Second biggest town Qalandarabad is 12 k.m away from Mandian on K.K.H. Mandian is also having Small industrial estate which is promoting medium and small scale industries and providing employment to hundreds of people .
per:country_of_birth(e1,e2)	Sonia Radeva	Bulgaria	Sonia Radeva ( ) ( born March 11 1985 in Sofia Bulgaria ) is a Bulgarian figure skater .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	United Russia	Vladimir Putin	The dominant United Russia party voted unanimously Monday to nominate Vladimir Putin 's favored successor Dmitry Medvedev as its candidate in the March 2 presidential election .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Mitch McConnell	Kentucky	But the Senate's leading Republican Mitch McConnell of Kentucky predicts that the effort to close the prison will meet with strong bipartisan opposition in Congress .
org:members(e1,e2)	Death Row	Tupac Shakur	Weintraub career began as a teenage intern for Interscope Records and Death Row Records where he worked on records for artists such as Snoop Dogg Tupac Shakur No Doubt Bush and Eminem .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Sheridan College	Oakville	Born in Toronto Ontario Heinemann received an Honours diploma from Sheridan College School of Craft and Design Oakville Ontario in 1979 a B.F.A. from the Kansas City Art Institute Kansas City Missouri in 1984 and an M.F.A. from the New York State College of Ceramics at Alfred University Alfred New York.Bio Bronfman Collection His ceramic work has evolved from his interest in pottery .
per:alternate_names(e1,e2)	Barry Orton	Barry	At the time his sister was dating Barry Orton ( aka Barry O ) and she introduced him to Buddy .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	his	Chicago	Solitude/Solitaire a slickly recorded and produced album marked a high point in Cetera's career where he achieved success for the first time on his own selling more copies than Chicago 18 Chicago's first album without Cetera .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Mizoram University	Aizawl	The College in located near Mizoram University South of Aizawl the state capital of Mizoram .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Clem Curtis	The Foundations	The group consisted of Tony Crane ( of The Merseybeats ) Clem Curtis ( of The Foundations ) Mike Pender ( of The Searchers ) Brian Poole ( of The Tremeloes ) and Reg Presley ( of The Troggs ) .
org:members(e2,e1)	27	Undergroove	Following a tour with Boston based band 27 the bands collaborated in a split EP 27:00 released on Undergroove in August 2005 .
org:founded(e1,e2)	Butt	26 August 1910	Leonard George Len Butt ( 26 August 1910 in Wilmslow June 1994 ) was a professional footballer who played for Stockport County Macclesfield Town Huddersfield Town Blackburn Rovers York City and Mansfield Town .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	bank	Buffalo	The bank owns the original Buffalo Savings Bank ( later Goldome now defunct ) building in Fountain Plaza also located in downtown Buffalo .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Fillon	France	Fillon who is reaching the end of a successful premiership has already proven his ability to work with and around an imperious and sometimes petulant leader President Nicolas Sarkozy of France .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	ROIR	Bad Brains	ROIR released early recordings by Bad Brains ( Bad Brains ) Beastie Boys Neubauten ( 2X4 ) Flipper ( Blow 'n Chunks ) MC5 New York Dolls Suns of Arqa Prince Far I Television The Legendary Pink Dots Lee ' Scratch ' Perry and The Skatalites ( Stretching Out ) .
org:members(e2,e1)	Jim Pattison	Jim Pattison Group	Nearly a month later on December 21 the CRTC approved the buyout of Monarch Broadcasting by the Jim Pattison Broadcast Group a division of the Jim Pattison Group which included CKPG-TV and its retransmission stations .
no_relation	It	1954	It was established in 1954 .
org:top_members/employees(e2,e1)	William S. Paley	Columbia Broadcasting System	In September 1927 Columbia Records sold the company to William S. Paley and in 1928 Paley streamlined the corporate name to Columbia Broadcasting System .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	England	Philippa of Hainault	Her father was the youngest son of Edward III of England and Philippa of Hainault .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	airline	Dubai	The airline 's head office is in the Emirates Group building in Al-Garhoud Dubai .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Vietnam	Ho Chi Minh	The WEF founder and executive chairman was presented with the Honorary Doctor of Economics title by the Vietnam 's Ho Chi Minh City-based National University said the report .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	His	Netherlands	His third album Benny . . . at Home has met critical acclaim outside of the Netherlands .
no_relation	4	SACP	4 South Africa 4.1 Controversial SACP donor to apply for bail 4.2 Zuma ' trial delays ' cited as Pikoli storm gathers 4.3 Deeper issues cloud Pikoli suspension - SACP 4.4 Zuma ' link ' to NPA shock 4.5 ANCWL ' clueless ' about new president 4.6 Zuma fights past in bid for ANC crown 4.7 Main course at Citibank lunch : food for thought 4.8 Power of negative campaigning .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	New Zealand	Department of the Prime Minister and Cabinet	It is defined by the New Zealand Security Intelligence Service Act The group is headed by the head of the Department of the Prime Minister and Cabinet Maarten Wevers .
no_relation	Ewing	The College of New Jersey	From this point it continues southward into Ewing crosses underneath Bull Run Road and Ewingville Road and enters the 11-acre Lake Sylva on the campus of The College of New Jersey .
org:top_members/employees(e2,e1)	Phyllis Schlafly	Eagle Forum	His mother is Phyllis Schlafly a national leader of the conservative movement and president of the conservative interest group Eagle Forum .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	David Hart	Next Generation Hart Foundation	In 2007 David Hart Smith Tyson Kidd and Natalya teamed together as The Next Generation Hart Foundation in WWE ( formerly the WWF )'s developmental territory Florida Championship Wrestling where they won the FCW Florida Tag Team Championship .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Cheltenham College	England	Cheltenham College is a co-educational independent school located in Cheltenham Gloucestershire England .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Armstrong World Industries	Strip District	The Armstrong Cork Company ( formerly of Armstrong World Industries ) located at 2349 Railroad Street in the Strip District neighborhood of Pittsburgh Pennsylvania was built circa 1901 and designed by architect Frederick J. Osterling .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Lawrence University	Appleton	Riddick was born in Wells Faribault County Minnesota and was educated in the public schools in Michigan He attended Albion College in Albion Michigan and Lawrence University in Appleton Wisconsin .
org:city_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Toorak	Loreto Mandeville Hall	Schools in Toorak include St Catherine's School Loreto Mandeville Hall St Kevin's College and Glamorgan ( now Toorak Campus the junior school of Geelong Grammar School ) .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Metro Christian Academy	Oklahoma	Currently a junior at Metro Christian Academy she has performed at festivals throughout Oklahoma and at school functions .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Germany	Academy of Media Arts	By the Berlinale Talent Campus 2005 Ivan Morales Jr. came to Germany and received a grant as editor at the Academy of Media Arts Cologne .
no_relation	2002	European Central Bank	As midnight struck to usher in 2002 a celebration took place outside European Central Bank offices in Frankfurt .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration	Susan Solomon	Top lecturers include energy-research guru Steven Chu winner of the Nobel prize in physics 1997 and director of the Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory California ; Google Inc co-founder Larry Page and National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration Senior Scientist Susan Solomon who co-chaired Working Group I in the recently released eye-opening Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change ( IPCC ) report on global warming .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Maxime Verhagen	Netherlands	Dutch Foreign Minister Maxime Verhagen apologised on behalf of the Netherlands when meeting the Chinese embassy's charge d'affaires and offered compensation for damage to the building a ministry statement said .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Ken Waddell	Manitoba	Ken Waddell ( born March 29 1948 ) is a politician in Manitoba Canada .
per:spouse(e1,e2)	Samyuktha Varma	Biju Menon	Mazha tells the immaculate love story of Bhadra ( Samyuktha Varma ) and her music teacher Sastrigal ( Biju Menon ) .
per:origin(e1,e2)	Kollwitz	German	Kollwitz ( July 8 1867 April 22 1945 ) was a German painter printmaker and sculptor whose work offered an eloquent and often searing account of the human condition and the tragedy of war in the first half of the 20th century .
org:founded(e1,e2)	Thomas Cook Group	2007	Following the merger between Thomas Cook AG MyTravel Group PLC to form Thomas Cook Group PLC in June 2007 Thomas Cook Airlines was formed on 30 March 2008 by the merger of Thomas Cook Airlines UK Ltd and MyTravel Airways .
per:title(e2,e1)	DJ	Ali Shaheed Muhammad	Other legendary producers who are often cited as influences for experimental hip-hop include DJ Premier 9th Wonder Hi-Tek Pete Rock and Ali Shaheed Muhammad of a Tribe Called Quest .
org:members(e1,e2)	Premier League	Sheffield Tigers	However although the Monarchs dominated the League it was the Diamonds that took the most silverware of the season by winning the Premier League Play-Offs ( against Sheffield Tigers ) the Premier Trophy ( against Birmingham Brummies ) and the Premier League KOC ( against Edinburgh Monarchs ) .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Sonny Clark	Blue Note	Standards is a 1998 compilation album by jazz pianist Sonny Clark recorded for the Blue Note label and performed by Clark with Jymie Merritt or Paul Chambers and Wes Landers combining sessions previously released as The Art of The Trio and Blues in the Night .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Champion Aircraft	Wisconsin	Aeronca ceased light aircraft production in 1951 and in 1954 sold the Champion design to the new Champion Aircraft Corporation of Osceola Wisconsin which continued building variants of the Champion as well as the derivative design the Citabria .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	UK	Bank of England	Target Two Point Zero is an interest rate challenge in the UK set by the Bank of England and The Times .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Gary Duncan	The Brogues	Gary Duncan ( born Gary Ray Grubb September 4 1946 San Diego California ) is an American musician once guitarist with The Brogues then most notably with Quicksilver Messenger Service where the complex interplay between himself and fellow-guitarist John Cipollina did much to define the unique sound of that San Francisco based band .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	University of Pisa	Italy	Philosopher Giuseppe Tarantino ( 1857 1950 ) Rector at the University of Pisa Italy helped introduce American and European philosophy to the Italian educational system .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Charles Pierce Davey	Michigan	Charles Pierce Davey better known as Chuck Davey ( 3 May 1925 4 December 2002 ) was an American-born welterweight boxer and boxing commissioner for the state of Michigan .
no_relation	It	United Church of Christ	It has an affiliation with the United Church of Christ .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Bill Haley	Decca	After leaving Essex Records in the spring of 1954 Bill Haley signed with the then-important Decca Records label and the band's first recording session was set for April 12 1954 at the Pythian Temple studios in New York City .
org:top_members/employees(e1,e2)	1800PetMeds	Robert C. Schweitzer	Headquartered in Pompano Beach Florida 1800PetMeds is led by Robert C. Schweitzer Chairman of the Board ; Menderes Akdag President Chief Executive Officer and Director and Bruce S. Rosenbloom Chief Financial Officer .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Air Nelson	Nelson	The transfer of heavy maintenance for Mount Cook Airline's ATR 72-500 and 600 fleet from Christchurch to Air Nelson 's new facilities at Nelson Airport has been seen as a prelude to this policy .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	Gallaher Group	Japan Tobacco	It is a product of the Gallaher Group division of Japan Tobacco .
org:members(e2,e1)	AFL	AFL-CIO	In 1955 the CIO rejoined the AFL forming the new entity known as the American Federation of Labor-Congress of Industrial Organizations ( AFL-CIO ) .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Navy	William Jones	By December 1 1814 Secretary of the Navy William Jones a staunch proponent of coastal defense appointed Decatur to lead a four-ship squadron comprising the USS President which would be the flagship of his new squadron along with the USS Hornet a sloop bearing 20 guns the USS Peacock bearing 22 and the USS Tom Bowline bearing 12 guns .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	United States	Johnny Winter	Recklessly outspoken and volatile on-stage during the band's 1978 United States tour supporting Johnny Winter he called the audience faggots at a show in Texas .
per:country_of_birth(e1,e2)	Johan	Belgium	Johan started DJ ' ing at the age of 17 in his home country of Belgium and during the latest 15 years has built up an international fame spinning as a DJ in Japan Australia Germany Spain Netherlands Belgium England Northern Ireland Israel North Cyprus and now also as resident DJ at Club Gorgeous in Copenhagen Denmark .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	University of St Andrews	Fife	He currently holds the position of Wardlaw Professor of Mediaeval History at the University of St Andrews in Fife Scotland .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Seminary	Kakinada	In 1912 the Seminary was shifted from Samalkot to Kakinada .
org:founded_by(e2,e1)	Peter Christopherson	Psychic TV	Throbbing Gristle members Chris Carter and Cosey Fanni Tutti formed their own group while Peter Christopherson and TG's other member Genesis P-Orridge formed Psychic TV along with other musicians .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Jersey City	Frank H. Eggers	After leaving the General Assembly Galdieri served as secretary to Jersey City Commissioner William J. McGovern and then filled the same position for Frank H. Eggers ( a future Mayor of Jersey City ) who had filled McGovern's commission seat .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Singapore	Lee Hsien Loong	Lee 84 was Singapore 's first prime minister and is currently an influential adviser in the cabinet of his son Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong .
org:city_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Ontario	Ontario Lottery and Gaming Corporation	Owned by the government of the province of Ontario ( through the Ontario Lottery and Gaming Corporation ) it is operated by Caesars Entertainment .
org:members(e2,e1)	Foxconn	Hon Hai Precision Industry	Foxconn part of Taiwan's Hon Hai Precision Industry Co. has built itself into the world's largest contract maker of electronics by delivering quality products on thin profit margins for its customers which include Apple Inc. Sony Corp. Dell Inc. Nokia Corp. and Hewlett-Packard Co .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Washington	Continental Army	It is Ellis ' achievement in this volume that he once again leaves us with a keen appreciation of the good fortune America had in having the right men in the right places at the right times : the indispensable Washington as head of the Continental Army and the supremely capable Nathanael Greene as his quartermaster general say and the politically savvy and ever-prepared James Madison at the Constitutional Convention .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Pacific Southwest Airlines	San Diego	During the mid to late 1960s Pacific Southwest Airlines an airline based in San Diego trained its pilots at Brown Field using Piper Arrows Comanches Aztecs and Beech Bonanzas .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	England	Isabella of France	16 ) also called the Psalter of Queen Isabella or Psalter of Isabella of England is a fourteenth-century psalter named for Isabella of France who is herself depicted in it ; it was likely a gift upon her betrothal or marriage .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	John Lee Hooker	Chess	With assistance from John Lee Hooker Jenkins recorded Democrat Blues in Chicago in 1954 which was released by Chess Records .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	George Washington	United States	George Washington University Virginia Science Technology Campus is the campus of George Washington University in the Ashburn area of unincorporated Loudoun County Virginia United States .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	University of Colombo School of Computing	Colombo	The University of Colombo School of Computing ( UCSC ) is a Higher Educational Institute affiliated to the University of Colombo in Sri Lanka providing Computer Science and Information and Communication Technology education .
org:top_members/employees(e1,e2)	Blackstone	Stephen A. Schwarzman	Relations between the heads of the two firms Blackstone 's Stephen A. Schwarzman and Kohlberg Kravis ' Henry R. Kravis have long been frosty .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Indonesia	Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono	At least 70 people were killed Tuesday in a 6.3-magnitude earthquake that rocked Indonesia 's Sumatra island a spokesman for President Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono said .
per:title(e2,e1)	actress	Sevigny	During June 16 20 2011 No Age accompanied video artist Doug Aitken and actress Sevigny to Athens and Hydra Island in Greece to perform the multimedia installation piece Black Mirror .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Tommy Thompson	Health and Human Services	And another Republican former Wisconsin Gov. Tommy Thompson who served as secretary of Health and Human Services in the George W. Bush administration declared in a statement distributed by the White House on Monday that failure to reach an agreement on health care reform this year is not an acceptable option .
no_relation	Harland and Wolff	Wolff	Their Introduction Harland and Wolff Papers issued 2007 notes The Harland Wolff archive in PRONI comprises c. files c. 200 volumes and c. documents 1861 1987 documenting most aspects of the history of Belfast's famous shipbuilding firm .
org:alternate_names(e2,e1)	Vietnam	VPA	The release of the paper demonstrates the desire of the Vietnamese people and the Vietnam People's Army ( VPA ) for advancing mutual understanding and trust with other peoples and armed forces in the world said Nguyen Chi Vinh Deputy Minister of the National Defense at a press conference to launch the white paper here on Tuesday .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Geir Haarde	Iceland	An official probe says several former leaders including former premier Geir Haarde were guilty of extreme negligence in the lead-up to the 2008 financial crisis that crippled Iceland 's economy .
org:top_members/employees(e2,e1)	England	FDA	There is a culture issue there that they have to address said Benjamin England a 17-year FDA veteran who like Nielsen now consults for foreign exporters .
org:top_members/employees(e2,e1)	Paul Fishbein	AVN	Paul Fishbein president of the AVN Media Network an industry trade publication estimated that pornographic DVD sales and rentals in the United States generated $ 3.62 billion in 2006 but had fallen as much as 50 percent since then .
per:spouse(e2,e1)	Richard	Isabella of Valois	After the death of King Richard II in 1400 his wife Isabella of Valois was kept prisoner at the palace .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e2,e1)	Virginia	Leroy Hutson	Since his move to Richmond Virginia 2007 DJ Pari has collaborated with Funk Legend Sir Joe Quarterman and Chicago Soul legend Leroy Hutson managing the singer's 2010 European tour .
per:country_of_birth(e2,e1)	Iran	Kasravi	Born in Hokmabad ( Hohmavar ) Tabriz Iran Kasravi was an Iranian Azeri .
no_relation	Houston	Continental Airlines	The complex includes the headquarters of the Houston Fire Department and KBR and it formerly included the headquarters of Continental Airlines .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Serjical Strike	Tankian	As a label owner himself -- his Reprise-affiliated Serjical Strike Records has had some success with the Texas band Fair to Midland and is also the home of Tankian 's solo album -- he knows that System's label Rubin's American Recordings will be wondering when that next record is coming .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	Dubai World	Nakheel	The proposed restructuring process would relate only to Dubai World and certain of its subsidiaries including Nakheel World and Limitless World the group said in a statement .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Japan	Ysuke Matsuok	The Diplomatic Record Office of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs has opened to the public two documents concerning Sugihara's file : the first aforementioned document is a 5 February 1941 diplomatic note from Chiune Sugihara to Japan 's then Foreign Minister Ysuke Matsuok a in which Sugihara stated he issued out of transit visas to Jews and Poles ; however since most of the people were not Jewish this would imply that most of the visas were given to Polish Jews instead .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Nicanor Duarte	Paraguay	President Nicanor Duarte whose government struggled to halt a dengue fever epidemic that killed 17 last year put Paraguay on alert Tuesday against a possible re-emergence of the mosquito - borne disease .
per:cities_of_residence(e2,e1)	Tucson	Linda	In 1991 the City of Tucson opened its central transit terminal on March 16 and dedicated it to Linda 's grandfather local pioneer businessman Federico Ronstadt .
per:cities_of_residence(e2,e1)	Fairport Convention	Richard Thompson	Q ( May 2007 p. 135 ) : After his 1971 departure from Fairport Convention Richard Thompson found his ideal foil in recent bride Linda .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	People's Action Party	Lee Kuan Yew	The opposition People's Action Party led by lawyer and assembly member Lee Kuan Yew ran a campaign against corruption .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	his	Florida	In his statement Martinez said he wanted to continue to focus my energy on serving my constituents of Florida .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	CTV	MCTV	In 2002 CTV merged the news production facilities of the MCTV stations into a single regional newscast with only short inserts for each city's local coverage .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Syria	Bashar al-Assad	Alawites are an offshoot of Shiite Islam and straddle the border into Syria whose President Bashar al-Assad is a follower of the faith .
no_relation	International	Education International	The group worked closely with the International Falcon Movement - Socialist Education International delegation attending the summit .
no_relation	Club River Plate	Primera Uruguaya	He won national titles while with CA Progreso Defensor Sporting Club Club Nacional de Football Club River Plate ( Montevideo ) and Racing Club de Montevideo of the Primera Uruguaya .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Butthole Surfers	Touch	Blind Eye Sees All is a home video by the Butthole Surfers which was released in 1986 through Touch and Go Video .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Hanoch	Nahal	Although at that point he was more interesting in acting than in creating music Hanoch was recruited by the Nahal army troupe when he turned 18 and wrote a few songs for the troupe while in the service .
org:top_members/employees(e2,e1)	Mark Durkan	Social Democratic and Labour Party	The Member of Parliament since the 2005 general election is Mark Durkan of the Social Democratic and Labour Party .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Robert Zoellick	State	Ann Veneman former Agricultural Secretary and currently Executive Director of UNICEF and Robert Zoellick former State Department Deputy Secretary and current head of the World Bank signed a statement calling for a treaty restricting the use of these indiscriminant weapons .
per:title(e2,e1)	King	William IV of the United Kingdom	Ballydesmond was established in the 1830s as a model village and named Kingwilliamstown after King William IV of the United Kingdom .
per:cities_of_residence(e2,e1)	Paris	raphael	He gained artistic training in France at the des Beaux-Arts in Paris where he was a pupil of the renowned French painter raphael .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Australia	Murray Gleeson	In 1995 while working on the television series Full Frontal Bana began dating Rebecca Gleeson a publicist with the Seven Network and daughter of then Chief Justice of New South Wales and later Chief Justice of Australia Murray Gleeson .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Foreign Affairs	Ben Bot	Queen Beatrix of the Netherlands opened the Embassy on March 2 2004 together with the Ministers of Foreign Affairs Ben Bot of the Netherlands and Joschka Fischer of Germany .
org:city_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Teaneck	Teaneck High School	Bolles grew up in Teaneck New Jersey and graduated from Teaneck High School in 1945 where his yearbook described him stating Dick's future will be scientific / But in which field he's not specific .
org:top_members/employees(e2,e1)	Michael J. Long	Arrow Electronics	I do hear marketing going back and forth between you said Michael J. Long a senior vice president at Arrow Electronics an industry components supplier .
org:top_members/employees(e1,e2)	Great Wheel Corporation	Florian Bollen	When completed the ride will have 48 air-conditioned wheelchair - accessible compartments that can carry up to1 passengers at a time said Great Wheel Corporation Chairman Florian Bollen .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Sweden	Sibel	The song has been is connected to the Ronald McDonald foundation in Sweden where Sibel is an ambassador the video for the song shows clips of disadvantaged children in graphic boxes around Sibel .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Alexander Downer	Australia	Rudd criticized former foreign minister Alexander Downer for not seeking a seat for Australia .
no_relation	New York	Patricia McGee	Catharine Young entered elective office at the age of 37 when veteran Republican New York State Senator Jess Present died in August 1998 near the end of his fifteenth term and was succeeded by Republican Assembly member Patricia McGee thus opening a vacancy for McGee's Assembly seat .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e2,e1)	Rhode Island	Lincoln Chafee	- Former GOP Rhode Island Sen. Lincoln Chafee the only Republican senator who supported marriage equality in 2006 when he was defeated in his reelection bid .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Arkansas	Bill Gwatney	Arkansas Democratic Chairman Bill Gwatney was shot toda y in the party's Little Rock offices and is in critical condition .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	National Police Agency	South Korea	The Korean National Police Agency ( KNPA ) is one of a few police organizations in South Korea and is run under the Ministry of Public Administration and Security .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	England	Hurley	Singer Elton John designer Donatella Versace former England footballer David Beckham and a host of celebrities are said to have been invited to the castle which belongs to the family of Hurley 's close friend Henry Dent-Brocklehurst .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Frank Reed	America	The purpose of Alpha Delta shall be to assemble college men in a national fraternal order as envisioned by Frank Reed Horton and the Boy Scouts of America .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Japan	Kiichi Miyazawa	On January 8 1992 around 8:20 p.m. JST Bush fainted after vomiting at a banquet hosted by the then Prime Minister of Japan Kiichi Miyazawa .
org:members(e2,e1)	Institute of Technology	National Collegiate Athletic Association	E.T. Yuchengco College of Business College of Information Technology College of Arts and Science Diploma Programs Institute of Technology joined the National Collegiate Athletic Association ( Philippines ) in 1930 .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Lyons Township High School	Illinois	Lyons Township High School ( often referred to as LTHS or simply LT ) is a public high school located in La Grange Illinois .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	DeWine	Ohio	On November 2 2010 DeWine was elected Attorney General of the state of Ohio defeating incumbent Richard Cordray ( D ) 48 % -46 % .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Poland	Solidarity	Leader of Poland 's anti-communist Solidarity trade union Lech Walesa was the country's first democratically elected president between 1990-95 .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	University of Valladolid	Valladolid	From 1941 until 1960 he was successively a faculty member of the Seminary of Valladolid ; a faculty member of the University of Valladolid ; a pastoral worker in the archdiocese of Valladolid ; a diocesan chaplain of Catholic Action ; the founder of Patronato de San Pedro Regalado for construction of houses for poor families ; a canon of the cathedral chapter ; and a synodal judge .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e2,e1)	Florida	Bob Graham	Marks served eight years on the Florida Public Service Commission ( FPSC ) and spent the last two as its Chairman after being appointed in 1979 by Governor Bob Graham .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Israel	Yitzhak Rabin	Israel 's central bank says the faces of former prime ministers Yitzhak Rabin and Menachem Begin will appear on a new series of banknotes .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Canada	Stephen Harper	Japanese Emperor Akihito and Empress Michiko will visit Canada from July 3-14 Prime Minister Stephen Harper announced on Friday .
org:members(e1,e2)	Utrecht University	Biomolecular Mass Spectrometry and Proteomics Group	In 1998 he accepted a chair at Utrecht University as head of the Biomolecular Mass Spectrometry and Proteomics Group .
per:country_of_birth(e1,e2)	roy	Canada	roy ( born 1948 ) is an ecologist and anti-nuclear activist from Quebec Canada .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Health and Human Services	Donna Shalala	Clinton along with a Zamora family friend named Alonso R. del Portillo Attorney General Janet Reno Secretary of Health and Human Services Donna Shalala and Florida Congresswoman Ileana Ros-Lehtinen reached an agreement with Cuba that would admit Cubans per year .
per:title(e2,e1)	president	Laurent Gbagbo	He is French judge Patrick Ramael's principal witness said lawyer Rodrigue Ange Dadje who is representing Simone Gbagbo wife of the Ivory Coast president Laurent Gbagbo .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Haley	Buddah	The song's authorship is credited to Harry Crafton Wendell Don Keane and Harry Doc Bagby who were musicians contracted to the Gotham label in New York owned by Ivin Ballen ( although a live version recorded by Haley in 1969 for Buddah Records was credited to James Bracken ) .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Phor Tay High School	Malaysia	Among them are Chung Ling High School ( established 1917 ) Penang Chinese Girls ' High School ( est. 1920 ) Union High School ( est. 1928 ) Chung Hwa Confucian School ( est. 1904 ) Phor Tay High School ( est. 1940 the first Buddhist school in Malaysia ) Jit Sin High School ( est. 1949 ) Han Chiang School ( est. 1919 ) and Heng Ee High School ( 1957 ) .
org:founded(e2,e1)	1993	Safe Auto Insurance Company	In 1993 Diamond founded the Safe Auto Insurance Company a Columbus Ohio based direct auto insurance writer with his brother-in-law Ari Deshe .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Suharto	Indonesia	Hamish McDonald a journalist with wide experience in Asia wrote in his book Suharto 's Indonesia that General Suharto later dispatched Col. Sarwo Edhi Wibowo with a force of commandos to encourage the anti-Communist civilians to help with the job .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Unibanco	Paulo	Unibanco is a Brazilian publicly quoted bank with headquarters in Paulo Brazil .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Aero Africa	Swaziland	Aero Africa is a charter airline based in Swaziland .
org:members(e2,e1)	Wildcats	University of Arizona	The 2004 05 Arizona Wildcats men's basketball team represented the University of Arizona during the 2004 05 NCAA Division I men's basketball season .
per:spouse(e1,e2)	she	Ernest Shipman	In 1919 she and her producer husband Ernest Shipman made the most successful silent film in Canadian history Back to God's Country in which she did one of the first on-screen nude scenes .
org:members(e1,e2)	NCAA	University of Houston	The Houston Cougars college football team competes as part of the National Collegiate Athletic Association ( NCAA ) Division I Football Bowl Subdivision ( FBS ) representing the University of Houston in the West Division of Conference USA ( C-USA ) .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Paul-Henri Spaak	Belgium	The Paul-Henri Spaak Foundation or Fondation Paul-Henri Spaak located in Brussels ( Belgium ) was founded in 1973 one year after the death Paul-Henri Spaak to continue his work on European integration and transatlantic relations .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Atlantic	Wilson Pickett	Nashville Publisher/Producer Buddy Killen brought Joe Tex while Atlantic Records ' Jerry Wexler brought Aretha Franklin and Wilson Pickett to record .
per:country_of_birth(e1,e2)	Arago	France	Arago was born at Estagel a small village of 3000 near Perpignan in the of France where his father held the position of Treasurer of the Mint .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Maldives	Maumoon Abdul Gayoom	The Maldives will hold a run-off presidential election on Oct. 29 which will see the incumbent President Maumoon Abdul Gayoom contesting his main rival Mohamed Nasheed from the opposition Maldivian Democratic Party elections officials said early Friday .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Bank	Poland	Bank Polski ( the Bank of Poland ) is the name of two former banks in Poland each of which acted as a central bank .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Gabon	Omar Bongo	Gabon 's Deputy Prime Minister Georgette Koko Monday repeated the statement announcing the death of President Omar Bongo Ondimba on state television Monday urging Gabonese to remain calm .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Dom	Australia	Dom 's session guitar work can be heard on a variety of Australia albums such as Rob Hirst's ( from Midnight Oil and also the drummer in The Backsliders ) Ghostwriters Second Skin album .
org:members(e1,e2)	Free French	2nd Armored Division	The Free French 2nd Armored Division under General Philippe Leclerc landed in Normandy and in the waning days of summer 1944 led the drive toward Paris .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Anneli	Finland	In 2003 Finland had a historical moment when all top leaders of the country were women and also represented different political parties : Social democrat Tarja Halonen was President Riitta Uosukainen from National Coalition Party was Speaker of the Parliament and after the parliamentary elections of 2003 Anneli from Center party was on her way to become the first female Prime Minister of Finland .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Afghanistan	Burhanuddin Rabbani	At the time of the conference half of Afghanistan was in the hands of the Northern Alliance including Kabul were Northern Alliance President Burhanuddin Rabbani had taken over the Presidential Palace and said that any talks on the future of Afghanistan should take place inside the country.http : / / www.pbs.org/wgbh/pages/frontline/shows/campaign/withus/cbonn.html Filling the Vacuum : The Bonn Conferen Frontline There was a lot of debate about who would lead the interim government .
org:founded(e1,e2)	1st Cavalry Division	1 September 1984	According to the U.S. Army Center of Military History the lineage of the Combat Aviation Brigade http://www.history.army.mil/html/forcestruc/lineages/branches/div/001cdavbde.htm 1st Cavalry Division began when it was constituted on 1 September 1984 in the Regular Army as Headquarters and Headquarters Troop Cavalry Brigade 1st Cavalry Division and activated at Fort Hood Texas .
no_relation	Elvin Jones	John Coltrane	Jones who was born into a musical family was the older brother of Elvin Jones the legendary drummer for John Coltrane and of trumpeter Thad Jones -- both deceased .
org:city_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Toronto	Princeton University	Glenn Michibata ( born June 13 1962 in Toronto ) is a former professional tennis player and current head coach of the Princeton University Tigers collegiate tennis team .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Air Force	Michael B. Donley	At Wednesday's news conference new Air Force secretary Michael B. Donley said he did not believe that the service's acquisition process was fatally flawed and Gates said he maintained confidence in the Air Force's top procurement official Sue C. Payton .
org:alternate_names(e1,e2)	172nd Infantry Brigade	Infantry Brigade	The 172nd Infantry Brigade ( Separate ) officially titled the 172d Infantry Brigade was first constituted on 5 August 1917 in the National Army as the 172nd Infantry Brigade .172 nd Blackhawk Brigade History United States Army .
org:founded(e1,e2)	school	1869	The school is a result of a merger in 1970 between the Manlius School ( founded 1869 ) and the Pebble Hill School ( founded 1926 ) .
no_relation	Camacho	the	On November 20 2012 around 7 p.m. AST Camacho was shot once in the jaw while in the Puerto Rico .
per:title(e2,e1)	director	Lewis	An actor director writer and producer Lewis made his big - screen debut in 1949's My Friend Irma .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Alan Wilder	Depeche Mode	Alan Wilder gave credit to Martyn Atkins who had been a long-time Depeche Mode collaborator for the use of the megaphone .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	New World School of the Arts	Florida	After graduating from Jefferson Davis High School in Montgomery he spent two years at New World School of the Arts in Miami Florida .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Chirac	Paris	Chirac was Paris mayor between 1977 and 1995 before becoming the head of state .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Knowledge	British Columbia	Knowledge is British Columbia 's public educational broadcaster and is required to be distributed as part of the basic cable service in British Columbia .
per:country_of_birth(e1,e2)	Shaver	Canada	Shaver was born and raised in St. Thomas Ontario Canada a small city located near London Ontario with five sisters .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	China	COSCO	China Ocean Shipping ( Group ) Company known as COSCO or COSCO Group is a Chinese shipping and logistics services supplier company .
org:city_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Kent	Kentridge High School	Douglas was born in 1969 in Kent Washington and graduated from Kentridge High School .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Peru	Alberto Fujimori	Chilean judge rejects Peru 's request for former President Alberto Fujimori 's extradition .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	State	John Hay	1900 - Open door policy in China is announced by U.S. Secretary of State John Hay .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Charles Erwin Wilson	Defense	When making recommendations the Board was authorized to report only to the president bypassing Putnam and his superior Charles Erwin Wilson administrator of the Office of Defense Mobilization ( of which ESA was a part ) .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Franklin Pierce	New Hampshire	He received his B.A. in political science from Evangel University in Springfield Missouri in 1975 and his J.D. from the Franklin Pierce Law Center in Concord New Hampshire in 1978 .
org:members(e2,e1)	West Virginia University	NCAA	The 1985 West Virginia Mountaineers football team represented West Virginia University in the 1985 NCAA Division I-A football season .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Woodham High School	Pensacola Florida	Woodham High School was a secondary school located in Pensacola Florida .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	State	John Sherman	The Secretary of State John Sherman was old and in poor health and the Assistant Secretary of State William R. Day was inexperienced in diplomacy which meant that Adee as the third-ranking officer in the department effectively supervised U.S. diplomacy during a war .
per:spouse(e1,e2)	Kate Winslet	Sam Mendes	Oscar-winning actress Kate Winslet and her director husband Sam Mendes have separated after six years of marriage lawyers for the British couple said Monday .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Israel	Ehud Barak	He was later appointed by Israel 's Prime Minister Ehud Barak in 1999 to negotiate the Sharm el-Sheikh Memorandum which was signed on September 4 1999 between Israel and the PLO .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Abdel Aziz	High Council	Abdel Aziz who was President of the High Council of State stepped down in April 2009 in order to stand as a candidate .
per:title(e1,e2)	Al Sharpton	minister	His most famous protege is Rev. Al Sharpton whom he licensed and ordained as a minister at the age of nine .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Royal London Hospital	England	The Medical College at the Royal London Hospital England 's first official medical school opened in 1785 pioneering a new kind of medical education with an emphasis on theoretical and clinical teaching .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Neiman Marcus	Texas	A later profile of the store Neiman Marcus of Texas described the grandiose and elaborate gala noting It was on this occasion that one of the most critical among the store's guests Mrs. Edna Woolman Chase editor of Vogue expressing the sentiment of the store's starry-eyed clientele told the local press : Schack p. 216 .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Germany	Hermann	In the 1920s the Social Democratic Party of Germany ( SPD ) under the leadership of Chancellor Hermann adopted the view that red equals brown i.e. that the Communists and Nazis posed an equal danger to liberal democracy .
per:spouse(e2,e1)	Abigail Smith Adams	John Adams	Peacefield was also home to Adams ' wife Abigail Smith Adams ( November 11 1744 October 28 1818 ) who is famous for her independence of thought and her correspondence with John Adams while he attended the Continental Congress in Philadelphia .
org:city_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	La Mesa	Helix High School	Born in Whittier California Jantz moved to La Mesa in 1973 and attended Helix High School Grossmont College and San Diego State University ( SDSU ) where he majored in journalism and minored in political science .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	He	Thailand	He was also regarded as the father of modern medicine and public health of Thailand .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Al-Azhar University	Egypt	In 1931 he left China for Al-Azhar University in Cairo Egypt as a member of the first group of government-sponsored Chinese students to study there .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	Airbus	EADS	European aircraft maker Airbus is expected to post a substantial operating loss in 2007 due to restructuring costs for its A380 and A350XWB jets its parent group EADS reported on Friday .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Western Illinois University	Macomb	THE joint winners of the NLNG 2007 prize for literature Mrs. Mabel Segun and professor Akachi Ezeigbo will be among delegates attending the African Literature Association Conference holding ( ALA 2008 ) at the Western Illinois University USA in Macomb IL .
per:origin(e2,e1)	Japanese	Takashi Murakami	ART-FASHION-FUSION ( Undated ) -- At an exhibition of paintings and sculptures by the Japanese artist Takashi Murakami at the Museum of Contemporary Art in Los Angeles a luxury store -- operated by Louis Vuitton no less -- has been installed in the midst of a formal exhibition space .
per:cities_of_residence(e2,e1)	London	Jim Bob	Based in Lambeth in South London England Fruitbat and Jim Bob originally played in an indie band called Jamie Wednesday which released two singles - Vote For Love and We Three Kings of Orient Are n't .
per:title(e2,e1)	President	Michel Suleiman	Wehbe wore a shirt with the face of President Michel Suleiman during her performance at the election celebrations in downtown Beirut .
per:spouse(e2,e1)	Henry	Catherine of Valois	It may be that the Tudor dynasty began here for Henry V's widow Catherine of Valois ( Shakespeare's Katharine ) gave birth here ( or at similarly named Hadham in Bedfordshire ) to Edmund Tudor 1st Earl of Richmond whose son Harry won the throne on Bosworth Field .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Daniel Akaka	Hawaii	It was sponsored on January 21 1993 as S.J.Res .19 by Daniel Akaka and co-sponsored by Daniel Inouye both Democratic senators from Hawaii .
no_relation	Mikhail Fradkov	Russia	Kyrgyz Prime Minister Almaz Atambayev also sent a message to his Russian counterpart Mikhail Fradkov saying Yeltsin played a key role in Russia 's development during its transitional period following the collapse of the Soviet Union .
org:members(e2,e1)	Italy	volleyball World Cup	Italy wins its first women's volleyball World Cup title with perfect record ( updated ) .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	Chapman University	Chapman College	The poll conducted by Chapman University 's Chapman College Survey group for The Orange County Register showed Cox leading in the Republican primary with 15 percent to Rosenberg's 13 percent .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Khmer Rouge	Pol Pot	The Khmer Rouge led by Brother Number One Pol Pot emptied Cambodia's cities during its 1975-1979 rule exiling millions to vast collective farms in a bid to take society back to Year Zero and forge a Marxist utopia .
org:alternate_names(e2,e1)	Ekiti	University of Ado Ekiti	The name was changed to Ondo State University in 1985 and to University of Ado-Ekiti in November 1999 and to its present name Ekiti State University of Ado Ekiti in September 2011 1.0 Introduction : Creation of the University in March 1982 at Ado-Ekiti Nigeria On January 14 1981 Chief Adekunle Ajasin led civilian government of the Ondo State announced its intent to establish a Multi-Campus University in the state and a 16 member planning committee was set up .
per:origin(e2,e1)	Russian	Roudyk	Later that year the Russian magazine DJ-culture ' named Roudyk in the list of the Top 10 Russian DJs in its May issue .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	May Department Stores	Famous-Barr	The May Department Stores Company ( which owned Famous-Barr and Marshall Field's stores ) was purchased by Federated Department Stores which has its regional headquarters in the area .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Jugnauth	Mauritius	The MSM is a party led by the historical political Jugnauth family in Mauritius .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Pervez Musharraf	Pakistan	In March 2004 President Tran Duc Luong at the invitation of President Pervez Musharraf also visited Pakistan .
org:top_members/employees(e1,e2)	Tribhuvan University	Shrestha	At Tribhuvan University starting in 1970 Shrestha achieved a series of academic promotions from Lecturer to Associate Professor to full Professor of Zoology .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Levy Mwanawasa	Zambia	President Levy Mwanawasa of Zambia did tell President Tong that there was plenty of room in his country for I-Kiribati migrants but he died suddenly in office in August 2008 .
org:founded(e2,e1)	1906	Kellogg Company	So in 1906 Will started his own company the Battle Creek Toasted Corn Flake Company which eventually became the Kellogg Company triggering a decades-long feud .
org:top_members/employees(e1,e2)	ZTE	Hou Weigui	ZTE would invest 300 million Chinese yuan ( US$ 40 million ; euro27 million ) for a 23.26 percent stake in the new venture and its chairman Hou Weigui would take a 1.55 percent stake ZTE said in a notice to the Hong Kong Stock Exchange late Tuesday .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Catherine of Valois	England	Wodelarke may have chosen the name in homage to Catherine of Valois mother of Henry VI of England although it is more likely that it was named as part of the Renaissance cult of St Catharine who was a patron saint of learning .
no_relation	Ambassador	Vladimir Morozov	Russian Ambassador to Malaysia Vladimir Morozov represented his country at the negotiations .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	he	Kansas	When he was 2 he and his family moved to rural Rago in Kingman County Kansas along the Chikaskia River .
no_relation	London	the 101ers	Formed in London in May 1974 the 101ers made their performing debut on 7 September at the Telegraph pub in Brixton under the name El Huaso and the 101 All Stars .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Lamberto Dini	Italy	1995 : Lamberto Dini becomes prime minister of Italy succeeding Silvio Berlusconi .
per:title(e1,e2)	Michael Somare	Prime Minister	Bernard started primary education at the Dagua Catholic Mission and then went to Brandi High School in Wewak East Sepik Province where he was taught by Michael Somare who latter became the first Prime Minister of Papua New Guinea .
per:country_of_birth(e1,e2)	Lyndon B. Johnson	United States	The Johnson Doctrine enunciated by U.S. President Lyndon B. Johnson after the United States ' intervention in the Dominican Republic in 1965 declared that domestic revolution in the Western Hemisphere would no longer be a local matter when the object is the establishment of a Communist dictatorship .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Marilyn	Kingston	Marilyn Cryder of the Delaware County Historical Society sets the tone for Kingston Township in its early era : American tribes were frequent visitors right up to 1830 .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Alberto Fujimori	Peru	Former Peruvian president Alberto Fujimori will be extradited to Peru after Chile's Supreme Court made a final ruling on Lima's petition a judicial source said Friday .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Once TV	Mexico	The Joy of Painting has been shown in many countries worldwide such as Greek state broadcaster ERT3 Turkish state broadcaster TRT ( with the title Resim Sevinci ) BR-alpha in Germany Discovery Real Time in the UK NHK in Japan EBS in South Korea and Once TV in Mexico ATV and ICable TV in Hong Kong IRIB in Iran and the Colombian state channel Canal Capital .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	ASCII Media Works	Dengeki Daioh	It is published in Japan by ASCII Media Works formerly MediaWorks in the monthly magazine Dengeki Daioh and collected in twelve tankbon volumes .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Brian Mulroney	Canada	Former Progressive Conservative prime minister Brian Mulroney set Canada on a path toward the Kyoto Protocol at the first ever UN Framework Convention on Climate Change in 1992 .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Zimbabwe	Morgan Tsvangirai	Zimbabwe Prime Minister Morgan Tsvangirai says remarks by Britain's foreign minister about keeping sanctions against the African nation in place are not helpful ahead of power-sharing talks next month .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Aberystwyth University	Wales	Aberystwyth University F.C. ( Welsh : Clwb Prifysgol Aberystwyth ) is a football club based in Aberystwyth Wales .
org:city_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Groton	Groton School	Gammons was born in Boston and raised in Groton Massachusetts where he graduated from Groton School .
per:spouse(e1,e2)	George	Martha Washington	She is buried at Mount Vernon in an enclosure adjacent to George and Martha Washington 's tomb .
per:spouse(e2,e1)	Lou Henry Hoover	Herbert Hoover	Her friend from Stanford Lou Henry Hoover sent husband Herbert Hoover to pay Martin's bail but Frederick Pethick-Lawrence 1st Baron Pethick-Lawrence had already taken care of that .
no_relation	Aldar Properties	Real Estate	Real estate developers performed weaker as Aldar Properties down 0.4 percent at 2.53 dirhams ( 0.69 dollar ) and Sorouh Real Estate 1.12 percent lower at 1.76 dirham ( 0.48 dollar ) weighed on the market .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Huerta	Mexico	Huerta and his general also sent 31 cadets to Europe to study military aviation in order to increase Mexico 's air power .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	he University of Bia?ys	in Bia?y	Jaros?aw Wo?konowski is a Polish-Lithuanian historian Doctor of Philosophy with Habilitation affiliated with t he University of Bia?ys tok ( in Bia?y stok Poland where he holds the title of university professor ) and University of Vilnius ( in Vilnius Lithuania where he lives ) .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e2,e1)	Kansas	Pat Roberts	The federal official who would speak about so sensitive a subject only on condition of not being identified said Leavenworth had apparently been ruled out after strong opposition from Kansas ' senators Sam Brownback and Pat Roberts both Republicans .
org:founded(e1,e2)	airline	1988	Air 2000 dropped out of an ownership position and the airline started operations in December 1988 .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	Australian Football League	Collingwood Football Club	Victoria Park stadium is historically notable as a former Victorian Football League ( now Australian Football League ) venue between 1892 and 1999 and headquarters of the Collingwood Football Club for 107 years until 2005 .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Gould	Maine	The Chairman of the Republican State Committee declared that with Gould 's victory the sinister influence of an oath-bound organization no longer threatens the welfare of Maine .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Germany	Willi Stoph	1970 - Heads of government of West and East Germany Willy Brandt and Willi Stoph meet for the first time in Erfurt .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Interior	Dirk Kempthorne	In 2007 and 2008 Amstrup led a team of scientists whose reports led United States Secretary of the Interior Dirk Kempthorne to list polar bears as a threatened species under the Endangered Species Act .
per:title(e1,e2)	Dorce Gamalama	singer	Dorce Gamalama ( born July 21 1963 ) is an Indonesian transsexual pop singer actress presenter and comedian .
org:founded_by(e1,e2)	Cincinnati Bearcats	University of Cincinnati	The 2009 10 Cincinnati Bearcats women's basketball team will represent the University of Cincinnati in the 2009 10 NCAA Division I women's basketball season .
org:founded_by(e2,e1)	UPN	The CW Television Network	With the merger of UPN and The WB in September 2006 into The CW Television Network there was a question where The CW would land in Cincinnati .
no_relation	Air Force	65th Air Base Wing	Lajes Field or Lajes Air Base ( ) officially designated Air Base No. 4 ( Base 4 BA4 ) is a multi-use air field home to the Portuguese Air Force Base and Azores Air Zone Command ( ) a United States Air Force detachment ( operated by the 65th Air Base Wing of United States Air Forces in Europe ) and a regional air passenger terminal located near Lajes and northeast of Angra do on Terceira Island in the Azores Portugal .
org:members(e2,e1)	James Madison University	NCAA	The 2010 James Madison Dukes football team represents James Madison University in the 2010 NCAA Division I FCS football season .
org:top_members/employees(e1,e2)	ECW	Eddie Guerrero	1991 : WWF signs Ric Flair 1992 : WCW signs Jake Roberts 1993 : WWF works with SMW USWA 1994 : WWF pushes Bret Hart as champion again 1995 : WCW signs Sabu Chris Benoit Eddy Guerrero Dean Malenko away 1996 : WCW signs Scott Hall Kevin Nash Ted DiBiase Syxx 1997 : ECW uses working agreement with WWF 1998 : WWF books Vince McMahon into top storyline role 1999 : WWF signs Chris Jericho 2000 : WWF signs Chris Benoit Eddie Guerrero Dean Malenko Perry Saturn 2001 : WWF adds ECW to invasion angle 2002 : WWE names Paul Heyman head of SmackDown !
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Childs	Records	In 1985 after returning to Los Angeles Childs was signed to Records and soon began to work with songwriter/producer/musician David Ricketts ( of David David ) on the soundtrack for the film Echo Park and provided backing vocals for David David's album Boomtown on a track titled Ai n't So Easy .
org:founded(e1,e2)	9th Bomb Group	25 February 1942	The attachment to the 9th Bomb Group became a formal assignment on 25 February 1942 and by mid-February following an accident to one of its B-18's and severe maintenance problems with the other aircraft ( one other B-18 and two B-18A's ) the Squadron could count only one B-18A as airworthy and ready for action .
no_relation	Washington Kastles	2008	She joined the Washington Kastles in 2008 .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Alfred Deakin	Australia	Its most prominent leaders were Sir Edmund Barton and Alfred Deakin who were the first and second prime ministers of Australia .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Gwatney	Arkansas	Gwatney was Arkansas Gov. Mike Beebe's finance chairman during Beebe's run for governor in 2006 .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Turkey	Turkish Airlines	In 2003 he returned to Turkey and was employed by Turkish Airlines in Istanbul becoming its executive vice president in charge of technical affairs .
per:cities_of_residence(e2,e1)	Liverpool	Brian Epstein	From his new London base he continued to contribute his weekly record column to the Liverpool Echo and when Liverpool record retailer Brian Epstein signed The Beatles to a management deal at the end of 1961 he contacted Barrow for professional advice .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Iceland	Geir	Iceland 's parliament voted 33 30 to indict Geir but not the other ministers on charges of negligence in office at a session on 28 September 2010 .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	MSUFCU	Michigan	As is dictated by MSUFCU charter membership at the credit union is limited to the following groups of individuals : Faculty staff and students of Michigan State University or Oakland University and their immediate relatives .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Jorge del Castillo	Peru	New tapes surfaced on Tuesday and Wednesday in which Leon allegedly told Discover representative Fortunato Canaan that Cabinet Chief Jorge del Castillo Garcia's right-hand man would be open to supporting Discover's bid to land oil contracts in Peru .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Algeria	Ahmed Ben Bella	Algeria gained independence in 1962 with Ahmed Ben Bella as the first President .
no_relation	Pat Falloon	WHL	Pat Falloon his teammate with the WHL 's Spokane Chiefs was the Sharks ' first pick .
no_relation	Antonello Venditti	1988	The singer Antonello Venditti dedicated his song Correndo correndo which appears on his 1988 album In questo mondo di ladri to Nela .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Energy	Samuel Bodman	Energy Secretary Samuel Bodman told reporters that the nuclear agency under Brooks had not adequately corrected security problems adding that I have decided it is time for new leadership at the NNSA .
no_relation	bachelor	Pacific Union College	Wilson attended schools in Zambia Malawi South Africa and India before earning a bachelor 's degree from the church-owned Pacific Union College in Angwin California in 1942 .
no_relation	Anzac Corps	40	In the II Anzac Corps area the 3rd Australian Division had to assemble west of Hill 40 on the north side of the Ypres Roulers railway which had not been captured by the 3rd Division ( V Corps ) on 26 September .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Haas School of Business	California	The former dean of the Haas School of Business at UC Berkeley is quick to note that when he was the state finance director for Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger California 's budget was balanced .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Ateneo de Naga University	Camarines Sur	The station's studio is located on the 3rd Floor of Phelan Building Ateneo de Naga University Ateneo Avenue Naga City Camarines Sur .
org:members(e1,e2)	Football League	Rangers	Burgess has made a number of appearances in the Football League for both Northampton Town and Queens Park Rangers before his career was cut short by a serious knee injury .
per:cities_of_residence(e2,e1)	London	Attenborough	In 1970 he travelled to London to persuade Attenborough to present the series only to discover that both of them had had the same idea .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Canadian Forces	Canada	Below is a list of all currently active and past Canadian Forces operations both within Canada 's borders and internationally .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	university	Beijing	It said the fire department responded by sending 17 fire engines to the university in the northwest of Beijing .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Welles	Navy	Despite his misgivings Welles ' efforts to rebuild the Navy and implement the blockade proved extraordinarily effective .
org:founded_by(e1,e2)	UFC	Zuffa LLC	Dana White serves as the president of the UFC while Frank and Lorenzo Fertitta control the UFC's parent company Zuffa LLC .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Canada	John A. Macdonald	He was called to the Senate of Canada in 1887 for the senatorial division of Mille Isles on the advice of Prime Minister John A. Macdonald .
per:country_of_birth(e1,e2)	Colette Mann	Australia	Colette Mann ( born 1950 in Melbourne Australia ) is an Australian actress singer and choreographer most notable for playing the role of Doreen Burns ( Anderson ) in the Australian series Prisoner .
org:members(e2,e1)	Connecticut Huskies	University of Connecticut	The 2008 Connecticut Huskies football team represents the University of Connecticut in the 2008 college football season as a member of the Big East Conference .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e2,e1)	Ontario	Weeping Tile	A guitarist/vocalist and bass player he frequently appears on recordings by artists in the Kingston Ontario scene including Weeping Tile Sarah Harmer and Luther Wright and the Wrongs .
org:founded_by(e1,e2)	Google	Larry Page	GFS is optimized for Google 's core data storage and usage needs ( primarily the search engine ) which can generate enormous amounts of data that needs to be retained ; Google File System grew out of an earlier Google effort BigFiles developed by Larry Page and Sergey Brin in the early days of Google while it was still located in Stanford .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Connecticut	Denise L. Nappier	We all know the saying : The bigger they are the harder they fall said Connecticut State Treasurer Denise L. Nappier who oversees a pension fund that holds $ 300 million ( euro193 million ) in Exxon Mobil stock -- its largest single equity investment -- and spoke alongside the Rockefellers .
no_relation	Karl	German Reich	The party claimed Chancellor Konrad Adenauer was a United States puppet and that Grand Admiral Karl was the last legitimate President of the German Reich appointed by Adolf Hitler .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Amarinder Singh	Punjab	Her ousting amid claims of misleading statements about the involvement of the Congress leadership was followed by a protracted dispute with Amarinder Singh who had succeeded her as Punjab Congress president and who was seen as responsible for her removal .
per:title(e2,e1)	Defense	Charles Erwin Wilson	The argument was eventually decided by the US Secretary of Defense Charles Erwin Wilson .
per:title(e2,e1)	CEO	Olli-Pekka Kallasvuo	CEO Olli-Pekka Kallasvuo who according to the Wall Street Journal could soon lose his job because of his inability to raise Nokia's performance in the competitive smartphone market said that the second-quarter earnings gave reasons to be optimistic .
no_relation	Lorenzo Fertitta	Zuffa	Last retrieved May 25 2006 On Tuesday March 27 2007 Pride executives Nobuyuki Sakakibara and Nobuhiko Takada announced that Station Casinos Inc. magnate Lorenzo Fertitta co-owner of Zuffa and its subsidiary MMA production Ultimate Fighting Championship had made a deal to acquire all assets of Pride Fighting Championships from Dream Stage Entertainment after Pride 34 : Kamikaze in a deal reportedly worth under USD$ 70 million Associated Press Source : UFC buys Pride for less than $ 70M March 27 2007 .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Ontario	Cineplex Odeon	The Live Entertainment Corporation of Canada Inc. also known as Livent was a theatre production company in Toronto Ontario begun as a division of the motion picture exhibitor Cineplex Odeon .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Indiana University of Pennsylvania	Indiana	Title : Academic Counselor Faculty Position Upward Bound Math Science Program Employer : Indiana University of Pennsylvania Geography and Regional Planning ( UBMS Program ) Location : Indiana PA United States Posted : Nov 28 .
org:alternate_names(e1,e2)	SDRC	Structural Dynamics Research Corporation	NURBS got started with seminal work at Boeing and SDRC ( Structural Dynamics Research Corporation ) a leading company in mechanical computer-aided engineering in the 1980s and ' 90's .
org:alternate_names(e1,e2)	Federal Energy Regulatory Commission	FERC	Interstate pipelines are regulated by the National Energy Board in Canada and the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission ( FERC ) Ferc : Gas - Fastr in the US .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Mario Menocal	Cuba	On February 15 President Woodrow Wilson and Mario Menocal President of Cuba both placed large floral wreaths at the unfinished memorial .
org:members(e2,e1)	Parts Labor	Jagjaguwar Records	Constant Future is the fifth full-length release from Parts Labor released in 2011 on Jagjaguwar Records .
no_relation	Stax	Otis Redding	`` Those horn lines that we hear today on all of those Stax Records and almost any other composition -- soul music composition that comes out of Memphis -- can be attributed to Otis Redding '' says Parker `` because I remember having seen him on many occasions teaching The Memphis Horns those horn lines . '' .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	George Washington	Continental Army	Hall is believed to have met General George Washington on what is now Cambridge Common while Washington was organizing the Continental Army and implored him to allow blacks to serve .
no_relation	King	James Brown	Ultimately of course a concert movie rises and falls on the basis of its performance footage : One song by B.B. King another by Bill Withers a few by James Brown a dynamic performance by South African singer Miriam Makeba and another by the Salsa artist Celia Cruz .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Health	Chua Soi Lek	Malaysian Health Minister Chua Soi Lek said Monday six healthcare centres run by bogus doctors some even delivering babies had been closed down ahead of a nationwide crackdown on fake clinics .
org:members(e1,e2)	Southeastern Conference	Georgia Bulldogs	Except for an Southeastern Conference championship in 1959 the Georgia Bulldogs struggled in the last few years under Butts .
no_relation	The Joykiller	Epitaph	The Joykiller were formed in 1995 by Jack Grisham and Ron Emory after the disbanding of their previous band T.S.O.L. they then went on to recruit Billy Persons ( The Weirdos/Gun Club ) on bass Ronnie King on Keyboards and Chris Lagerborg on drums.They recorded one album on Epitaph records The Joykiller .
per:country_of_birth(e1,e2)	Prachanda	Nepal	Prachanda agreed to withdraw his candidacy for the prime minister's post in a three-point agreemet signed with Communist Party of Nepal ( Unified Marxist - Leninist ) ( CPN-UML ) Chairman Jhalanath Khanal according to English newspaper The Kathmandu Post .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Ingvar Carlsson	Sweden	The presidents Ingvar Carlsson ( 1961 1967 ) and Bosse Ringholm ( 1967 1972 ) characterized this period as a time of success for Sweden and social reforms could proceed rapidly .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	Harris Bankcorp Inc.	Bank of Montreal	On October 30 2008 Harris Bankcorp Inc. a US subsidiary of Bank of Montreal announced it would acquire $ 45 million in convertible preferred stock representing a 23 percent equity position in Virtus .
per:country_of_birth(e2,e1)	Iran	Mahmoud Ahmadinejad	Iran news agency says President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad has congratulated Obama on election win .
org:top_members/employees(e2,e1)	Dana Cohen	Banana Republic	But Banc of America Securities analyst Dana Cohen issued a report last month that theorized Gap might still sell or spin off Banana Republic estimating the chain might fetch $ 2.5 billion ( euro1 .9 billion ) in an auction .
per:title(e2,e1)	President	Boris Yeltsin	German President Horst Koehler will travel to Moscow to attend the funeral of former Russian president Boris Yeltsin on Wednesday .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	he	Stockholm University	Starting in 1950 he took on the additional responsibility of becoming the President of Stockholm University .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e2,e1)	Quebec	separatist Bloc Quebecois	The French debate on Wednesday aims primarily to sway voters in the mostly French-speaking province of Quebec with 75 of 308 seats in parliament and home turf of the separatist Bloc Quebecois .
org:top_members/employees(e1,e2)	Movement for Democratic Change	Arthur Mutambara	It's our pleasure to announce that our two formations in parliament have agreed to work together said Morgan Tsvangirai leader of the Movement for Democratic Change speaking alongside Arthur Mutambara head of a faction of the MDC at a joint press conference in Johannesburg .
per:title(e2,e1)	President	Laurent Gbagbo	A youth movement supportive of the President of d'Ivoire Laurent Gbagbo and his ruling Ivorian Popular Front ( FPI ) party .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Benesh Movement Notation	Balanchine	His assistant at the time was Jurg Lanzrein who also was a co-author for Ballet Scores in the Benesh Movement Notation ( 1973 - NEW YORK PUBLIC LIBRARY ) After years of illness Balanchine died on April 30 1983 in New York City of Creutzfeldt Jakob disease diagnosed only after his death .
no_relation	Roman Catholic	Gonzaga University	Working on his business background he has served as the Treasurer of the Jesuit School of Theology at Berkeley ; Associate Treasurer of the Oregon Province of the Society of Jesus ; Financial Officer of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Nassau in the Bahamas ; and Financial Analyst and Assistant to the Vice President for Student Life at Gonzaga University .
org:members(e2,e1)	Sioux Falls Storm	UIF	The Sioux Falls Storm won their second consecutive UIF championship in 2006 at their home ground defeating the Lexington Horseman 72 64 on July 29 2006 .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	London Central Secondary School	London	Before becoming Miss Universe she attended London Central Secondary School in London Ontario .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Apolinario Mabini	Philippines	jpg | BRP Apolinario Mabini ( PS-36 ) conducting SEAL delivery exercises File : US Navy 090421-N-0120A-017 The Armed Forces of the Philippines Navy patrol boat BRP Artemio Ricarte ( PS 37 ) maneuvers into position in a formation exercise with the amphibious assault ship USS Essex ( LHD 2 ) .
org:members(e2,e1)	Falcons	Division I	The Falcons participate in NCAA Division I ( FBS for football ) in the Mid-American Conference and the Central Collegiate Hockey Association .
org:city_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Arlington	Martin High School	He and Dwayne O'Brien the group's rhythm guitarist met in Arlington Texas in 1984 when they went to James Martin High School and were in Choir under Mr. Randy Jordan .
no_relation	Interior	Harold L. Ickes	Secretary of the Interior Harold L. Ickes and United States Commission of Fine Arts chairman Gilmore David Clarke both considered the site inappropriate and convinced President Franklin D. Roosevelt to not only halve the size of the proposed building but also shift the site to that of the inadequate and dangers Washington-Hoover Airport ( which the government was trying to close anyway ) .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Gordon Lightfoot	Canada	For example Gordon Lightfoot is both a Companion of the Order of Canada and member of the Order of Ontario and Oscar Peterson who was born in Montreal but resided in Ontario during his later years was simultaneously a Companion of the Order of Canada Knight of the National Order of Quebec and a member of the Order of Ontario .
per:country_of_birth(e1,e2)	stagenam	Algiers	Baya Bouzar ( ) known by the stagenam e Biyouna ( Arabic : ) is an Algerian singer dancer actress born in 1952 in Belcourt Algiers Algeria .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Social Democrats	Hans Hedtoft	As Foreign Minister H. C. Hansen was seen as the natural successor as Prime Minister and leader of the Social Democrats when his friend Hans Hedtoft died of a heart attack on 29 January 1955 .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	Gellar	New York City	She takes refuge with her estranged twin sister Siobhan Martin ( Gellar ) a wealthy socialite living in New York City who seems keen to re-connect with her .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	McCain	Republican	McCain says he thinks she will continue to be a force within the Republican Party .
per:spouse(e2,e1)	Ellen DeGeneres	Portia de Rossi	The well-attended service included Nancy Reagan ; Arnold Schwarzenegger ( who gave the eulogy along with Tony Griffin ) ; Maria Shriver ; and various actors television stars employees and friends including Sajak White Trebek Dick Van Dyke Jack Klugman Dick Van Patten Ellen DeGeneres and partner Portia de Rossi Ryan Seacrest and Catherine Oxenberg and husband Casper Van Dien .
no_relation	Toyota	Scion	Toyota Racing Development ( also known by its acronym TRD ) is the in-house tuning shop for all Toyota Lexus and Scion cars .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Paul O'Neill	Treasury	Paul O'Neill Bush's first Treasury Secretary . .
no_relation	Virginia	Joan Van Ark	From 1991 to 1992 the actress appeared on Knots Landing as Virginia Ginny Bullock the aunt of Valene Ewing ( played by series star Joan Van Ark ) .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	Just Group	Just Jeans	The Just Group also acquires other chains in Australia including Just Jeans Jacquie Peter Alexander Portmans Dotti and Smiggle .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Foreign Affairs	Luis Ernesto Derbez	Under the Fox administration the candidacy of then-Minister of Foreign Affairs Luis Ernesto Derbez for the Secretary General of the Organization of American States was highly promoted .
per:title(e2,e1)	Mayor	Ma Ying-jeou	Vice President Annette Lu said Tuesday upon hearing about the indictment of opposition Kuomintang ( KMT ) Chairman and former Taipei Mayor Ma Ying-jeou that the problem of possible institutional traps should be addressed .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Ali Khan	Pakistan	Ali Khan faced the problem of religious minorities flared during late 1949 and early 1950 and observers feared that India and Pakistan were about to fight their second war in the first three years of their independence .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Italy	Luchino Visconti	He then won a scholarship allowing him to study film in Italy at the Centro Sperimentale di Cinematografia under Michelangelo Antonioni Federico Fellini and Luchino Visconti .
per:cities_of_residence(e2,e1)	Dublin	Gabriel Byrne	At the age of six he moved with his family to Walkinstown a suburb of Dublin to live not far from the childhood home of the Hollywood actor writer and Irish cultural ambassador Gabriel Byrne who wrote highly of Lawless first novel Peeling Oranges ( 2007 ) .
org:top_members/employees(e2,e1)	Huang Guangyu	Gome Electrical Appliances	Huang Guangyu 's attempt to regain control of Gome Electrical Appliances by replacing its chairman Chen Xiao and another senior executive on the board with his sister and lawyer was defeated by a shareholder vote company secretary Jackson Woo told a news conference .
no_relation	Hear Music	John Mellencamp	Hear Music has since released albums by artists that include Paul McCartney Joni Mitchell James Taylor John Mellencamp and more .
org:members(e1,e2)	Warhammer Records	D-Rok	As well as collaborating with death metal band Bolt Thrower whose Warhammer album Realm of Chaos was released on Earache Games Workshop set up their own label Warhammer Records signing hard-rock acts such as Wraith and D-Rok .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e2,e1)	Colorado	Wayne Allard	If it can be delisted in Wyoming it should be delisted in Colorado said Colorado Republican Sen. Wayne Allard .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	Bernard J. Berry	Jersey City	Bernard J. Berry ( July 3 1913 January 6 1963 ) was an American Democratic Party politician who served as the 33rd mayor of Jersey City New Jersey from 1953 to 1957 .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Kenya	Jomo Kenyatta	In Kenya meanwhile the remains of eight of the crew members arrived in the Nairobi on Saturday and were the focus of a ceremony at Jomo Kenyatta International Airport .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	National Airlines	Florida	The National Airlines division has its offices in Orlando Florida .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Amrita Sher-Gil	India	jpg | John Wilkins Sneha-village belle c. 1970s Amrita Sher-Gil was an Indian painter sometimes known as India 's Frida Kahlo and today considered an important woman painter of 20th-century India whose legacy stands at par with that of the Masters of Bengal Renaissance ; she is also the ' most expensive ' woman painter of India .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Lin Biao	Communist Party of China	Some Western historians question whether Lin Biao was even aware of Lin Liguo's plans at all.Qiu According to a modern standard Chinese narrative of Lin Biao's plot Lin Biao became aware that Mao no longer trusted him after the Second Plenum of the 9th National Congress of the Communist Party of China in 1970 and he harbored a strong desire to seize supreme power .
per:cities_of_residence(e2,e1)	Los Angeles	Richard Riordan	Several Los Angeles mayors including Tom Bradley Richard Riordan and Sam Yorty all tried and lost along with San Francisco's Joseph Alioto .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	East Midlands Newspapers Ltd.	Johnston Press	The Telegraph is now owned by East Midlands Newspapers Ltd. part of Johnston Press Plc of Edinburgh .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Whig	William Henry Harrison	In 1824 he helped found the Franklin Institute and in December 1839 went to Harrisburg Pennsylvania as a delegate to the Whig Party's national convention which chose William Henry Harrison to be its candidate in the 1840 presidential election .
org:top_members/employees(e2,e1)	Duncan Niederauer	NYSE Euronext	Duncan Niederauer chief executive officer of NYSE Euronext said the agreement was part of the group's long-term partnership with Chinese counterparts and it would help develop derivatives markets IT solutions marketing as well as staff training in both countries .
per:country_of_birth(e1,e2)	Musgrave	Germany	Musgrave was born in im Taunus Germany .
per:cities_of_residence(e2,e1)	Vienna	Seitz	Continuing to live in Vienna Seitz witnessed Austria's union with Nazi Germany in 1938 and the outbreak of World War II in 1939 .
per:title(e2,e1)	Prime Minister	Jan Peter Balkenende	The Netherlands ' Queen Beatrix has asked caretaker Prime Minister Jan Peter Balkenende to put together a Cabinet the national information service said Friday .
org:top_members/employees(e1,e2)	RCTV	Marcel Granier	RCTV 's top executive Marcel Granier said Chavez's decision marks a turn toward totalitarianism .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Environment	Alfonso Pecoraro Scanio	On Friday four radical leftwing ministers -- Environment Minister Alfonso Pecoraro Scanio University and Research Minister Fabio Mussi Social Policy Minister Paolo Ferrero and Transport Minister Alessandro Bianchi -- published an open letter to Prodi to demand a change of route on social policy .
per:spouse(e2,e1)	Emma	Ethelred the Unready	( Ditmas shows this transfer as occurring in 997 five years before Emma 's first marriage to Ethelred the Unready ) .
per:title(e2,e1)	singer	Ahmed Rushdi	Rana was considered to be the most successful singer after Ahmed Rushdi .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Singapore	Lee Kuan Yew	Singapore 's Minister Mentor Lee Kuan Yew was hospitalized on Wednesday evening local media reported .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	f Romani	g Grigore Preoteas	He was removed from the forefront for the following decade working for the Institute of Juridical Research.Tism?neanu p. 299 He supported Gheorghiu-Dej's nationalist policy eventually becoming foreign minister o f Romani a in 1957 ( replacin g Grigore Preoteas a ) holding office for six months and serving in the delegations establishing closer contacts with the People's Republic of China during the Sino-Soviet Split and a with France in 1959 .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	company	Vermont	As interest rates rose through the 1970s financial pressures forced the company to change strategy and in 1978 then-president Frank E. Sands II sold off all but the core flour business and relocated the company from Brighton Massachusetts to Norwich Vermont .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Nokia	Finland	Perhaps as a result of the Nokia-Irving connection Irving is twinned with Nokia 's headquarters city Espoo in Finland .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Ontario	Frank Miller	He served in the Legislative Assembly of Ontario as a Progressive Conservative from 1975 to 1990 and was a cabinet minister in the governments of Bill Davis and Frank Miller .
org:members(e2,e1)	Lincoln	Division	He joined his local professional football club Lincoln City making his debut in the Football League Second Division in February 1915 shortly before the Football League was suspended for the duration of the First World War .
per:alternate_names(e2,e1)	Surya	Sivakumar	Along with Surya Sivakumar actors R. Madhavan Jyothika and Vijay are a part of the video .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e2,e1)	Indiana	he	At Indiana he became a member of the Phi Kappa Psi Fraternity's Indiana Beta chapter .
org:members(e1,e2)	Division I	UNC	Before upgrading to NCAA Division I in 2006 UNC was a member of the Rocky Mountain Athletic Conference from 1923 to 1972 .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	France	Jean-Pierre Raffarin	On 27 May 2005 ( just before he left office ) the then Prime Minister of France Jean-Pierre Raffarin issued a circulaire on cultic activities in France .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Edgar Faure	France	The house was inaugurated on 23 April 1966 with a ceremony attended by King Frederick IX of Denmark Queen Ingrid Danish prime minister H. C. Hansen the French president Coty Edgar Faure and Danish fashion designer Erik Mortensen and sculptor Robert Jacobsen who both lived and worked in France .
org:founded_by(e1,e2)	Google	Larry Page	Google founders Larry Page and Sergey Brin had dreamed of providing an easy way for consumers to search and find information stored in the world's books .
no_relation	Brandon University	Manitoba	Brandon is also home to four post-secondary institutions : Brandon University Assiniboine Community College Robertson College as well as the Manitoba Emergency Services College .
no_relation	London	Heath	Guildhall School of Music and Drama in London United Kingdom has established in conjunction with the Heath family The Ted and Moira Heath Award for promising jazz musicians .
org:founded_by(e2,e1)	Henry Ford	Ford Motor Company	His American managers having failed him Henry Ford offered Perry the chairmanship of this new Ford Motor Company Limited in 1928 .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	He	American	He was inducted posthumously into the American Theatre Hall of Fame in 1981 .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e2,e1)	Hawaii	Daniel Akaka	Monday four more of them - including Hawaii Senator Daniel Akaka and Maine Congressman Tom Allen - announced they would support Obama .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Philippines	Central Philippine University	It was established in 1901 by Mr. and Mrs. Andrew J. Hall missionaries of the Presbyterian Foreign Mission Board and has the distinction as the first mission and Protestant hospital in the Philippines Although as the university hospital of Central Philippine University it serves only as a medical provider teaching and training hospital for the university's Colleges and Departments of Nursing Medicine Medical Laboratory Sciences Nutrition and Dietetics and Pharmacy while the College of Theology ( for its chaplaincy program ) .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	He	New York City	He also became the celebrity spokesman for Lee Myles Transmissions in the New York City area appearing on dozens of television commercials from the mid-1970s to the mid-1980s .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Ukraine	Yuriy Yekhanurov	After Ukraine 's Orange Revolution Tarasyuk became foreign minister again on 4 February 2005 and served in the Cabinets of Yulia Tymoshenko Yuriy Yekhanurov and Viktor Yanukovych .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Guillermo Ortiz	Bank	Guillermo Ortiz governor of the Bank of Mexico labeled the agreement a success for consumers and urged for it to continue as means to combat rising inflation .
org:founded_by(e1,e2)	Marist College Ashgrove	Brother Ignatius	1940 saw the start of Marist College Ashgrove with its first headmaster Brother Ignatius .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	Ontario Institute for Studies in Education	University of Toronto	Merrill Swain is a professor emerita of second-language education at the Ontario Institute for Studies in Education University of Toronto .
org:top_members/employees(e2,e1)	Billy Ho	Mitac	We saw these big waves come one by one in the mid-1990s so we tried to figure out how to survive in this rapidly changing business said Billy Ho the president of Mitac International which sells GPS devices under the Mio brand .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Kowloon Motor Bus	Hong Kong	KMB Route 1A is a bus route operated by Kowloon Motor Bus ( KMB ) in Hong Kong .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Emmaus Bible College	USA	Emmaus Bible College has a sister institution in the USA Emmaus Bible College of Dubuque Iowa .
org:members(e1,e2)	LNFA	L'Hospitalet Pioners	At the end of the regular season the top 4 teams of the LNFA Elite ( Rivas Osos L'Hospitalet Pioners Valencia Firebats and Badalona Dracs ) played a single-elimination tournament for the title .
org:founded_by(e1,e2)	Google	Larry Page	Google co-founders Larry Page and Sergey Brin plan to sell 5 million shares apiece of their company stock worth $ 5.5 billion combined at current prices .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Viro	Lennart Meri	Finnish name for Estonia Viro is derived from Virumaa former president of Estonia Lennart Meri was a supporter of this way for translating Estonian name Eesti .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Guinea-Bissau	Bernardo Vieira	A member of the African Party for the Independence of Guinea and Cape Verde ( PAIGC ) was President of the National People's Assembly from 1994 to 1999 and then served as acting President of Guinea-Bissau from 14 May 1999 to 17 February 2000 following the ouster of President Bernardo Vieira .
no_relation	they	arena	The Lakers went on to score a ' three-peat ' when they won the NBA championship in and making them the first team to open a new arena with three straight NBA championships .
org:city_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	East Tamaki	Fisher Paykel	Sir Woolf Fisher ( 20 May 1912 12 January 1975 ) was an East Tamaki New Zealand businessman and philanthropist who co-founded Fisher Paykel a major appliance manufacturing company and the Ra Ora Stud an important Thoroughbred racehorse breeding operation .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Algeria	Ahmed Ouyahia	Algeria 's Prime Minister Ahmed Ouyahia was in Ghardaia on Sunday for an emergency cabinet meeting APS said dealing with emergencies including how to accommodate students left without schools .
no_relation	United States	Millard Fillmore	The National Register of Historic Places includes the following Southtowns venues among its Erie County listings : United States Post Office-Angola First Church of Evans Complex Graycliff Millard Fillmore House Roycroft Campus George and Gladys Scheidemantel House Kleis Site Gamel Hexadecagon Barn Buffalo Rochester and Pittsburgh Railway Station ( Orchard New York ) Johnson-Jolls Complex Old Sardinia Town Hall Rider-Hopkins Farm and Olmsted Camp The Baptist Church of Springville Buffalo Rochester and Pittsburgh Railroad Station ( Springville New York ) Citizens National Bank East Main-Mechanic Streets Historic District Scobey Power Plant and Dam US Post Office-Springville and Eaton Site .
org:city_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	London	ITV plc	Other regional programmes continued to be produced for the region by the two legal franchises Carlton and LWT and the companies were accredited at the end of the production until 2004 when it was replaced by a ITV London caption for both companies following the ITV plc merger .
org:founded(e1,e2)	comScore	1999	Fulgoni co-founded comScore Inc. in 1999 an Internet market intelligence company where he remains Executive Chairman .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	CTI	Hubbard	It was his first album released on Creed Taylor's CTI label and marked a shift away from Hubbard 's long time recording affair with Blue Note Records and another shift toward the soul-jazz fusion sounds that would dominate his recordings in the later part of the decade .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Agriculture and Agri-Food Canada	Canada	The Atlantic Food and Horticulture Research Centre is a branch of Agriculture and Agri-Food Canada 's national network of 19 research centres stationed across Canada .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Stone Temple Pilots	Scott Weiland	After Stone Temple Pilots broke up in 2003 the members established different side projects ; lead singer Scott Weiland formed the popular supergroup Velvet Revolver with former members of Guns N ' Roses and brothers Robert ( bass ) and Dean DeLeo ( guitar ) were in the short-lived band Army of Anyone .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Gus G.	Firewind	Guitarist Gus G. left the band in late 2004 in order to dedicate more time to Firewind being replaced by Mark Black ( then known as Mark U Black ) .
no_relation	Rome	Mario Draghi	In a separate speech Monday in Rome Italian Central Bank governor Mario Draghi said the market intervention will have to be discontinued as quickly as possible when markets resume trading of the securities of the countries involved .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Mike Leavitt	Health and Human Services	The office will mainly be responsible for communicating with relevant regulatory departments in China and will help build up the country's food and drug safety supervision said Mike Leavitt secretary of the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Trinidad and Tobago	Trinidad and Tobago national football team	England's Football Association agreed to visit Trinidad and Tobago to play a friendly against the Trinidad and Tobago national football team on the condition that Warner apologize .
no_relation	It	Western Nigeria	It is located about 12 minutes drive from the centre of the city of Ado-Ekiti in Western Nigeria .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Gabon	Omar Bongo	Our discussions centered on the problem of peace in our country Weddeye said at the end of the meeting which lasted several hours on Tuesday at the presidential palace in Libreville capital of Gabon in the presence of Gabonese President Omar Bongo Ondimba .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Anderson	Maryland	Anderson was the primary sponsor of HB66 revamping and updating Maryland 's theft statute .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Serzh Sargsyan	Armenia	Russian President Vladimir Putin on Wednesday congratulated Serzh Sargsyan on his victory in Armenia 's presidential election .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Parliament	Nino Burjanadze	A government official said the speaker of Parliament Nino Burjanadze would become acting president during that time .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Central European University	Budapest	She graduated in history at the Catholic University of Lublin and defended her PhD thesis in medieval history at the Central European University in Budapest .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Johnson	Texas	The public highlight of Johnson 's four years back in Texas before his death in 1973 was the dedication in May 1971 of his presidential library at the University of Texas at Austin .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	his	Tasmania	Driving from Canberra to Sydney en route to his home in Tasmania for Easter he suffered a heart attack dying soon after in hospital in Sydney on Good Friday .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Cyprus	Tassos Papadopoulos	The body of former Cyprus President Tassos Papadopoulos was stolen Thursday from a cemetery near the Cypriot capital Nicosia police said Friday .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Italy	Italia 1	The team is known in Italy for having been the subject of a reality show on football named Campioni il Sogno and broadcast by national channel Italia 1 for their 2004-2005 and 2005-2006 campaigns .
org:top_members/employees(e1,e2)	Islamic State of Iraq	Abu Omar al-Baghdadi	The statement added that operations came under the raid to avenge the violation of honor that had been ordered by the leader of Islamic State of Iraq Abu Omar al-Baghdadi the group's chief .
per:title(e1,e2)	Chas Chandler	manager	However it led to Hendrix becoming more deeply involved in drugs and Chas Chandler leaving as manager .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Chinese University of Hong Kong	China	CUHK also houses the Chinese University of Hong Kong Art Museum which houses a wide range of artifacts illuminating the rich arts humanities and cultural heritage of ancient and pre-modern China .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	Symbiosis International University	UGC	It was founded in 2008 as a constituent of Symbiosis International University as per Section 3 of the UGC act 1956 by Notification No.F9-12 / 2001-U3 Government of India .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	sassination o	Prime M	The Operation Sablja ( Operation Sabre ; Serbian Cyrillic : ? ? ; Serbian Latinic : Operacija Sablja ) was launched on March 12 2003 following the as sassination o f Zoran ?in?i? the Prime M inister of Serbia .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	He	New York	He toured briefly with W.C. Handy set up a publishing office in Chicago then settled in New York in the early 1920s .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Nawaz Sharif	Pakistan	Nawaz Sharif served as the 12th Prime Minister of Pakistan in two non-consecutive terms from November 1990 to July 1993 and from February 1997 until October 12 1999 .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Nicaragua	Daniel Ortega	Brazilian President Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva vowed to help Nicaragua grow under fellow leftist President Daniel Ortega saying he is happy to see the Sandinista leader back in power .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Presidency	nd ?eljko	Two members of the State Presidency Haris Silajd?i? a nd ?eljko ;i? claimed Serbia action breached the Rome Agreement .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Shantou University	China	Zhang 63 is currently a law professor at Shantou University in southern China 's Guangdong Province .
per:title(e2,e1)	Minister	Mastella	As Minister of Justice Mastella received an Advice of Judicial Proceedings in February 2007 from the Naples prosecutors office .
no_relation	West Virginia	West Virginia University	The 1979 West Virginia Mountaineers football team represented West Virginia University in the 1979 NCAA Division I-A football season .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Roger Sherman	Connecticut	A son Roger Sherman Jr. ( 1768 1856 ) a 1787 graduate of Yale College served in the Connecticut General Assembly in 1810 1811 .
org:founded(e1,e2)	Delta Air Lines	1924	Delta Air Lines is a major American airline with a history that goes back to 1924 .
no_relation	Kvalserien	Elitserien	The team was not lucky in the first two Kvalserien qualifications but in the 2011 Kvalserien qualification he successfully coached his team to a spot in the Elitserien .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Fania	Seguida	From their inception in 1972 Fania Record artists Seguida had paved the way for the genre of Latin Rock to blossom .
org:members(e2,e1)	Movement for Democratic Change	Arthur Mutambara	Mbeki has been mediating power-sharing talks between Zimbabwe President Robert Mugabe Movement for Democratic Change leader Morgan Tsvangirai and the head of a smaller MDC faction Arthur Mutambara .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	University of Missouri	Columbia	But Jason Calhoun chairman of orthopedic surgery at the University of Missouri at Columbia School of Medicine who will help lead the four-year study said there are many unanswered questions about the bacteria and the outbreak of infections among injured troops .
no_relation	he	Mexico	On 23 February 1820 he was named by the Crown to the Audiencia of Quito a position he was unable to fill because of the independence of Mexico .
no_relation	E.ON	AG	Germany's E.ON AG said Thursday that it will take full control of French energy supplier SNET as part of a swap deal involving Electricite de France SA and another German utility EnBW AG .
org:alternate_names(e1,e2)	Northern Football League	Northern League	The 2012 13 Northern Football League season ( known as the 2012 13 Ebac Northern League for sponsorship reasons ) is the 115th in the history of the Northern Football League a football competition in England .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	Navy Midshipmen	United States Naval Academy	It was constructed in 1914 and served as the home stadium to the Navy Midshipmen football team of the United States Naval Academy between 1924 and 1959 .
org:members(e2,e1)	Spain	ECB	Central bank experts from Austria Germany Greece Italy the Netherlands Slovenia and Spain will work on the EU-funded programme with Bosnian central bank staff under the coordination of an ECB representative it added .
no_relation	Surayud	Thailand	Surayud 's Defense Minister later announced that the junta would refuse Thaksin's reconciliation offer claiming that Thailand was being threatened by ill-intentioned people and capitalism .
per:title(e2,e1)	singer	his	His career as a live singer touring the German language countries lasted until 1991 while he continued his television work until 1996 .
per:origin(e2,e1)	Albanian	Enver Hoxha	Among the surviving villas the area houses the former residence of Albanian communist leader Enver Hoxha .
org:top_members/employees(e2,e1)	Nouri al-Maliki	Islamic Dawa Party	Nouri al-Maliki also from the Islamic Dawa Party was elected as a compromise candidate in his place and Maliki replaced Jaafari as party secretary general in May 2007 .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	France	EDF Energy	They are British companies Scottish and Southern and British Gas which still has 47 percent of market share in gas France 's EDF Energy Germany's EON UK and nPower ( a subsidiary of RWE ) and Scottish Power which became Spanish when it was bought by Iberdrola .
per:title(e2,e1)	Singer	Jamie Cullum	Singer Jamie Cullum performs in upstate NY home .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Stephen Wolfram	Caltech	In the late 1980s according to Richard Feynman and the Connection Machine Feynman played a crucial role in developing the first massively parallel computer and in finding innovative uses for it in numerical computations in building neural networks as well as physical simulations using cellular automata ( such as turbulent fluid flow ) working with Stephen Wolfram at Caltech .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	SANDF	South African Army	The SANDF was based on the existing SADF structure of South African Army South African Air Force South African Navy and South African Medical Service ( which was renamed South African Military Health Service in 1998 ) .
org:top_members/employees(e2,e1)	George Kenney	Fifth Air Force	The 7th Division was treated to a training film Loading the Douglas C-47 and the commander of the Advanced Echelon of Lieutenant General George Kenney 's Fifth Air Force Major General Ennis Whitehead made five C-47 Dakota transports available to the 7th Division each day so they could practice loading and unloading .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	him	Indonesia	In the years after his presidency attempts to try him on charges of corruption and genocide failed because of his poor health and because of lack of support within Indonesia .
org:top_members/employees(e2,e1)	John Pope	Army of Virginia	The V Corps was reassigned to Maj. Gen. John Pope 's Army of Virginia along with the III and IX Corps of George B. McClellan's Army of the Potomac .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Geneva College	Beaver Falls	Geneva College was founded in Northwood Ohio in 1848 but it moved to northern Beaver County in 1880 after being offered free land by the Harmony Society which was highly influential in Beaver Falls .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Mamoru Mohri	Japan	In recent years Dr. Mamoru Mohri Japan 's first astronaut and Director of Japan's National Museum of Emerging Science and Innovation has popularized and expanded on universology .
per:title(e2,e1)	Historian	Carlos Mesa	Historian Carlos Mesa who founded Cinemateca Boliviana in 1976 and was its director until 1985 then served as President of Bolivia from 2003 to 2005 inscribes Wara Wara and Aymara within an avant-garde intellectual and artistic movement which promoted the role of indigenous Bolivians in the 1920s and 1930s .
per:cities_of_residence(e2,e1)	Paris	Pierre Samuel du Pont de Nemours	Victor du Pont was born October 1 1767 in Paris France son of Pierre Samuel du Pont de Nemours and Nicole Charlotte Marie Louise le .
no_relation	French	S	2003 French Open clay S Henin 6-2 4-6 7-5 .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Bing Crosby	Decca	It was introduced by Irene Dunne in the 1937 film High Wide and Handsome and was recorded that year by Bing Crosby for Decca ( # 1462 mx DLA940A Los Angeles 9/20/37 ) .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	University of Coimbra	Portugal	John A. is Chair of English Linguistics and History of Civilizations at the University of Coimbra Portugal .
org:founded_by(e1,e2)	MTR Western	Darren Berg	MTR Western was founded in Seattle Washington in 2003 by Darren Berg with four Prevost H3-45 motorcoaches .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Guy de Rothschild	France	Guy de Rothschild founded and presided over the United Jewish Welfare Fund France 's primary Jewish philanthropic agency from 1950 to 1982 .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Stax	Albert King	Because the Stax Museum is one of only a handful of museums in the world dedicated to soul music ( the Motown Museum in Detroit is another ) it not only celebrates the legacy of Stax Records and its artists such as Isaac Hayes Otis Redding Sam Dave the Staple Singers Johnnie Taylor Albert King Booker T. the MGs Rufus and Carla Thomas and others but also features other soul music labels such as Motown Hi Records Atlantic Records and Muscle Shoals and visitors are treated to vintage video footage of non-Stax artists such as Aretha Franklin Al Green Stevie Wonder Marvin Gaye Ann Peebles The Jackson Five Patti LaBelle Parliament-Funkadelic Sam Cooke James Brown Ike Tina Turner and others .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e2,e1)	Idaho	Larry Craig	After the Idaho Statesman reported five separate new accounts of gay men claiming to have encounters with Larry Craig ( in addition to three earlier reports ) the Idaho senator has responded by sticking with his claim that he's never been gay .
org:top_members/employees(e1,e2)	South African Broadcasting Corporation	Dali Mpofu	BELOW we publish edited excerpts from an August 31 letter from South African Broadcasting Corporation ( SABC ) group CEO Dali Mpofu to Jovial Rantao chairperson of the South African National Editors ' Forum ( Sanef ) in which Mpofu announces the SABC's withdrawal from the forum over its stance on the Manto Tshabalala-Msimang medical-records furore .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Theodore Roosevelt High School	Des Moines	Taylor was a 1963 graduate of Theodore Roosevelt High School in Des Moines IA and a 1967 graduate of the University of Iowa where he participated in baseball .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	Killer Kowalski	Malden	Kazarian began training with Killer Kowalski in Malden Massachusetts in 1998 and wrestled his debut match after one month's training facing Freight Train Dan .
per:cities_of_residence(e2,e1)	Hollywood	Jack Warner	He negotiated a deal with Hollywood mogul Jack Warner for a network television series about the FBI and reviewed scripts .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Italy	Dino Risi	Alfio Contini ( b. September 19 1927 Castiglioncello Italy ) is a noted and prolific Italian cinematographer who collaborated with film directors such as Dino Risi ( Il sorpasso ( 1962 ) La marcia su Roma ( 1963 ) ) Pasquale Festa Campanile ( La matriarca ( 1968 ) ) Lucio Fulci Liliana Cavani ( Galileo ( 1969 ) Michelangelo Antonioni ( Zabriskie Point ( 1970 ) Il portiere di notte ( 1974 ) les nuages ( 1995 ) and Ripley's Game ( 2002 ) .
org:city_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Peoria	Richwoods High School	The SIU Edwardsville Cougars are members of the Ohio Valley Conference ( OVC ) and compete in the NCAA's Division I. A native of Peoria Illinois Buscher played basketball and softball at Peoria's Richwoods High School with her basketball team finishing second at the 1981 IHSA Class AA state Tournament .
per:title(e2,e1)	editor	Joseph Howe	Construction in the 1850s saw two important rail lines opened in the Maritimes to connect cities on the Atlantic coast with steamship routes in the Northumberland Strait and Gulf of St. Lawrence : An intercolonial rail system in the British North American colonies was never far from the minds of government and civic leaders and in an 1851 speech at a Mason's Hall in Halifax local editor of the Novascotian Joseph Howe spoke these words : But a rail connection between the Maritime colonies and the Province of Canada was not to be for another quarter century .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Millard Fillmore	U.S. House	Soon after Forward took office he was asked by Millard Fillmore then chairman of the U.S. House Ways and Means Committee to devise a plan to increase the tariff in response to the serious decrease in revenue caused by the Panic of 1837 .
no_relation	1972	University Hospital	Prior to that Dr. Horn was Associate Professor of Psychology at the University of Denver ( 1970 1986 ) Lecturer Educational Psychology University of California at Berkeley ( 1967 ) Research Associate at the Institute of Psychiatry University of London England ( 1972 ) Research Associate Psychiatric Clinic University Hospital Lund Sweden ( 1982 ) .
org:founded_by(e2,e1)	She	Wise	She returned to the US in 1981 to establish Wise Earth School of Ayurveda the first school for Ayurveda studies in the US .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	India	he	This disc brought Talat the fame throughout India and soon he was beckoned by the Calcutta film industry .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Alger	Governor	On September 27 1902 Alger was appointed by Michigan Governor Aaron T. Bliss to the United States Senate to fill the vacancy caused by the death of James McMillan .
no_relation	Ontario	Cineplex Odeon	Politicians in the Legislative Assembly of Ontario including Attorney General Michael Bryant have called for a boycott of the film and one Canadian theatre chain Cineplex Odeon stated that it will show the film only in its major urban markets in Toronto Montreal and Ottawa .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Rutgers University	New Brunswick	He holds a degree in Communication from Rutgers College of Rutgers University in New Brunswick New Jersey .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Calvin Coolidge	United States	On March 18 1925 Molyneaux was nominated by President Calvin Coolidge to a new seat on the United States District Court for the District of Minnesota created by 43 Stat .
org:members(e2,e1)	United Malays National Organisation	Barisan Nasional	Yes of course we have lost . . we were the underdogs going into this race said Muhammad Muhammad Taib information chief of the United Malays National Organisation ( UMNO ) which leads the Barisan Nasional coalition .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Delaware	Tatnall School	Tyler was born in Wilmington Delaware with both of his parents ; his father Wilson Somers a jazz composer and music teacher at The Tatnall School and his mother a singer .
org:members(e1,e2)	New York	LaGuardia Community College	General Description : A City University of New York ( CUNY ) institution LaGuardia Community College conveniently located 15 minutes from Times Square in the rapidly developing community of Long Island City is one of the largest community colleges in the United States with an annual enrollment in academic programs of approximately students from over 160 countries .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	Shougang Group	Tung Wing Steel	In 1992 Shougang Group partnered with Li Ka Shing from Cheung Kong Holdings to acquire 51 % and 21 % of total shares of Tung Wing Steel respectively and then Tung Wing Steel became the subsidiary of Shougang Group .
org:top_members/employees(e2,e1)	chairman	Tekelec	In recent years Jean-Claude Asscher has served as only chairman of Tekelec 's board of directors while continuing to be the president of Tekelec-Airtronic's board of directors as well as its chairman .
per:country_of_birth(e1,e2)	Nash	England	Nash was born in Blackpool Lancashire England in 1942 his mother having been evacuated there from the Nash's hometown of Salford Lancashire because of the Second World War .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	University of Maryland	Maryland Terrapins	That nickname would later become primarily associated with the University of Maryland College Park sports teams called the Maryland Terrapins .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Stephen Harper	Canada	The party platform of Canadian Prime Minister Stephen Harper includes only modest new spending proposals among them $ 400 million in loans for hard-hit manufacturers in central Canada .
no_relation	Prachanda	Nepal	Marxism Leninism Maoism Prachanda Path ( sometimes shortened to Prachanda Path ) refers to the ideological line of the Unified Communist Party of Nepal ( Maoist ) also known as the UCPN ( M ) .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	Patrick Hillery	Dublin	-- Patrick Hillery 84 a former Irish president in Dublin .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	George Clinton	Plainfield	On May 20 2010 George Clinton received a proclamation from Mayor Sharon Robinson-Briggs of Plainfield New Jersey the city in which he was raised at a fundraiser for the Barack Obama Green Charter High School which is focused creating leaders in sustainability for the 21st Century .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Heart	her	I grew up singing harmony with her ( while listening to the amazing Heart records ) and am now proud to call her my friend .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e2,e1)	Louisiana	David Vitter	Religous conservatives receiving funds have political ties to embattled senator In a move ostensibly aimed at providing better science education in Louisiana schools Sen. David Vitter has secured $ in taxpayer dollars to fund an anti-evolution effort spearheaded by a religious group politically connected to the alleged prostitute-soliciting Republican .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Taraki	Afghanistan	Despite reaching this agreement with Taraki the Soviets continued to be reluctant to intervene further in Afghanistan and repeatedly refused Soviet military intervention within Afghan borders during Taraki's rule as well as later during Amin's short rule .
org:founded_by(e1,e2)	The Chameleons	Mark Burgess	The Chameleons were formed in Middleton England in 1981 by Mark Burgess ( vocals bass guitar ) Reg Smithies ( guitar ) Dave Fielding ( guitar ) and Brian Schofield ( drums ) .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Ian Khama	Botswana	On the first of April 2008 Ian Khama ascended to the presidency as the fourth President of the Republic of Botswana as a result relinquishing his chairmanship of the Botswana Democratic Party .
org:founded(e1,e2)	Timely Comics	1939	Atlas Comics grew out of Timely Comics the company Goodman founded in 1939 and whose star characters during the 1930s and 1940s Golden Age of comic books were the Human Torch the Sub-Mariner and Captain America .
org:members(e1,e2)	RCA Records	Rogers	In 1983 when Rogers changed labels to RCA Records Liberty quickly issued 20 Greatest Hits a more complete overall look at Rogers ' hit list .
per:title(e2,e1)	Queen consort	Elizabeth Woodville	She was a younger sister of Queen consort Elizabeth Woodville to whom she served as a lady-in-waiting .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Zhejiang University	Hangzhou	Liu Shusheng an expert at the Insect Sciences Institute under China's Zhejiang University in Hangzhou and Paul De Barro a scientist at CSIRO Entomology Australia's national science agency in Brisbane have jointly published a paper on their research in the latest Science Journal published by AAAS .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Sun Records	Jerry Lee Lewis	He returned home to Memphis in 1954 and was eventually taken on by Sam Phillips at Sun Records where he recorded music for himself as well as arranged the music for Sun artists such as Jerry Lee Lewis Roy Orbison Johnny Cash and Charlie Rich .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	Junaid	Karachi	The change also saw Rohail Shahzad and Junaid moving to Karachi ( Rizwan decided to stay back in Islamabad ) as Rohail started constructing a brand new studios in his Karachi apartment .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Peter MacKay	Nova Scotia	May lost to Conservative rival Peter MacKay who as the current defense minister has a traditional stronghold in the Central Nova Riding of the Atlantic province of Nova Scotia .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	Alaska Department of Fish and Game	Game	Bear hunting is managed by the Alaska Department of Fish and Game and hunting regulations are established by the Alaska Board of Game .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	He	Communist Party	He had become a member of the French Communist Party ( PCF ) which gave guidance to the ideas of the Khmer Rouge .
org:founded_by(e1,e2)	Razorline	Clive Barker	After that he was hired to draw Nightbreed # 23 and then assigned Saint Sinner a new title under the short-lived Razorline imprint created for Marvel by Clive Barker .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Singapore	Sellapan Ramanathan	The film had a Charity Gala Premiere in Singapore the Guest of Honor being the President of the Republic of Singapore Sellapan Ramanathan .
per:cities_of_residence(e2,e1)	Baltimore	Eubie Blake	Baltimore 's Eubie Blake born in 1883 became a musician at an early age hired as a house musician at a brothel run by Aggie Shelton .
per:country_of_birth(e1,e2)	Nazia Hassan	Pakistan	Nazia Hassan was born into a Muslim family in Karachi Pakistan and brought up in Karachi and London .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Guyana	Bharrat Jagdeo	But in the end only three of the nine presidents turned up : Sarkozy Brazil's Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva and Guyana 's President Bharrat Jagdeo .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Cambodia	Hun Sen	The Cambodian Freedom Fighters have chosen not to participate in the election process in Cambodia because they state Prime Minister Hun Sen belonged to the ultra-left Khmer Rouge and he has rigged the election process in Cambodia .
org:alternate_names(e1,e2)	Secret Intelligence Service	MI6	As a member of SIS ( the Secret Intelligence Service ) known as MI6 for 5 years Dunn recruited ran and debriefed agents coordinated and participated in special operations and acted in deep-cover deployments throughout the world .
org:top_members/employees(e2,e1)	Harry Witchel	Brighton and Sussex Medical School	Dr Harry Witchel ( PhD ) is a physiology lecturer at Brighton and Sussex Medical School and also an expert on psychodynamics .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Iran	Afshin	Set in Iran where dance is illegal Desert Dancer tells the story of Afshin Ghaffarian ( Reece Ritchie ) who risked his life to fight for his dream to become a dancer .
org:alternate_names(e1,e2)	Columbia Records	Columbia Phonographic Broadcasting System	The fledgling network soon needed additional investors though and the Columbia Phonograph Company manufacturers of Columbia Records rescued it in April 1927 ; as a result the network was renamed Columbia Phonographic Broadcasting System .
no_relation	Christ Church Grammar School	Claremont	Educated at Christ Church Grammar School he originally played for the Claremont Football Club in the West Australian Football League ( WAFL ) and was recruited by West Coast with the 20th pick overall at the 2008 National Draft .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Pound	Canada	Duncan Pound a spokesman for the Royal Canadian Mounted Police said his agency has not yet confirmed Jenkins is in Canada but that law enforcement agencies in British Columbia and beyond have been put on alert .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Televisa	Mexico	XHBC-TV is the television call sign for the Televisa Regional television station in Mexicali Baja California Mexico .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	G-Unit	Young Buck	After numerous rumors of a beef within G-Unit 50 Cent officially dismissed Young Buck from the group in 2008 .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Yukihiro	Japan	Yukihiro Doi Japan Skil-Shimano .
per:country_of_birth(e1,e2)	Patricia Manterola	Mexico	Patricia Manterola ( born Bertha Patricia Manterola on April 23 1972 ) is a Mexican singer actress model and fashion designer born in Mexico City .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Lee	Singapore	Lee served as Singapore 's prime minister from 1959 to 1990 and remains an influential adviser in the cabinet of his son Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong with the special title of minister mentor .
org:members(e1,e2)	Mississippi College	Mississippi College Choctaws	The Millsaps Mississippi College rivalry is a sports rivalry between the Millsaps College Majors and the Mississippi College Choctaws .
per:country_of_birth(e1,e2)	Croes	Aruba	Croes was born in Aruba one of the Caribbean islands of the Lesser Antilles and a country of the Kingdom of the Netherlands .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	EPA	Stephen L. Johnson	As mandated by EPA administrator Stephen L. Johnson this fuel waiver was made effective until 15 September 2005 .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	British Leyland	Rover Group	In 1982 most of the car division of the by now somewhat shrunken British Leyland ( BL ) company was rebranded as the Austin Rover Group with Austin acting as the budget and mainstream brand to Rover's more luxurious models .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Maryland	Maryland State Police	Equality Maryland the state's largest gay rights group was among the peaceful protest groups to be classified as terrorists in a Maryland State Police database .
per:spouse(e2,e1)	Hattie Jacques	John Le Mesurier	Hattie is a television film on the life of the British comic actress Hattie Jacques played by Ruth Jones her marriage to John Le Mesurier ( Robert Bathurst ) and her affair with their lodger John Schofield ( Aidan Turner ) .
per:origin(e2,e1)	Mexican	Frida Kahlo	The Mexican folk artist Frida Kahlo 's life is well known yet she remains an enigma : here psychiatrist and Kahlo expert Salomon Grimberg introduces an interview she gave towards the end of her life to her psychologist friend Olga Campos an interview which was never published yet lends great insights into Kahlo's life .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Health and Human Services	Tommy Thompson	On the Republican side Business Mananger Eric Hovde Former Congressman Mark Neumann Speaker of the Wisconsin State Assembly Jeff Fitzgerald and former Governor and former Secretary of Health and Human Services Tommy Thompson confirmed their candidacies for the seat .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Lado Gurgenidze	Georgia	In addition to these he has interests in Romanian retail real estate projects occupied by retail chains as Macro ( former MiniMax ) and Mic.ro In September 2009 Patriciu together with Lado Gurgenidze ( Georgia ex prime minister ) acquired Liberty Bank through Liberty Capital LLC an investment company focused on the financial services institutions in emerging markets .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Michigan	Norvell	Upon the admission of Michigan as a State into the Union Norvell entered the U.S. Senate with the Jacksonian wing of the Democratic-Republican Party .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Cariou	Manitoba	Movies Cariou started acting in Winnipeg at the Manitoba Theatre Centre and later at the Stratford Ontario tackling classical roles like King Lear Macbeth Prospero Coriolanus Brutus Petruchio Iago Oberon and Henry V. He was offered a scholarship at the National Theatre School of Canada in Montreal but married with a young child and financial responsibilities he rejected it .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Mercury Nashville	Twain	It was released on February 9 2004 by Mercury Nashville Records as the eighth and final single from Twain 's fourth studio album Up !
per:alternate_names(e1,e2)	William	Duke of Normandy	During Henry I's lifetime William was invested as Duke of Normandy a title he held more in name than practice .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Cimber Air	copenhagen	Cimber Sterling A/S also known as Cimber Air and styled as Cimber Sterling was a Danish airline based in copenhagen Municipality Denmark operating scheduled domestic and international services in co-operation with Scandinavian Airlines ( SAS ) and Lufthansa .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	He	London	He made a stab at running for mayor of London promising to set up a legalized brothel outside parliament .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	State	Lawrence Eagleburger	He gave Deputy Secretary of State Lawrence Eagleburger a complete briefing and wondered why nothing was done .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Australia	Joseph Cook	Seven Prime Ministers of Australia ( Barton Deakin Watson Reid Fisher Joseph Cook and Hughes ) were elected at this election as were a number of influential former state Premiers ( Sir John Forrest Lyne George Turner Anderson Dawson Philip Fysh and Charles Kingston among them ) .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Thailand	Surayud Chulanont	Thailand 's army-installed Prime Minister Surayud Chulanont on Monday sacked the national police chief amid frustration over the slow pace of investigations into deadly bombings in Bangkok .
org:members(e2,e1)	Florida Board of Governors	Florida	Undergraduate tuition is based on thirty credit hours per year while graduate tuition is based on twenty-four credit hours per year.SUSF Tuition Fees During Florida's 2007 Legislative Session Governor Charlie Crist signed into law SB-1710 which allowed the Florida Board of Governors to charge Tuition Differential of 40 % above and beyond the regular in-state undergraduate tuition rates for the University of Florida and Florida State University .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Albania	Bamir Topi	Albania 's new president Bamir Topi on Monday reaffirmed his country's stand on Kosovo saying Albania supports Kosovo's independence from Serbia .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	The Priory School	Shropshire	The Priory School is a secondary school with academy status in the Shropshire market town of Shrewsbury Shropshire England .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Colombia	bolivar	He was President of the Free Province of Guayaquil until it was united to Gran Colombia by bolivar against Olmedo's will .
per:spouse(e1,e2)	Franklin D. Roosevelt	Eleanor Roosevelt	Historical characters introduced in this novel include Woodrow Wilson Franklin D. Roosevelt Eleanor Roosevelt and Warren G. Harding as well early Hollywood figures such as Charlie Chaplin Marion Davies Elinor Glyn Mabel Normand and William Desmond Taylor whose 1922 murder Vidal presents in fictionalized form .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Henry Ford Hospital	Michigan	Henry Ford Hospital operates a Level 1 Trauma Center and has one of the busiest emergency rooms in Michigan treating nearly patients annually .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Nawrocki	Les Pages Noires	Nawrocki owns Les Pages Noires through which he has published twenty albums and three books .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Tun Perpatih Putih	Sultanate	Tun Perpatih Putih was the 6th bendahara of the Sultanate of Malacca .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	Time Warner	CNN	Time Warner Inc. the media giant that owns Warner Bros. HBO CNN and DC Comics said Wednesday its third-quarter net income declined but adjusted earnings surpassed Wall Street's expectations thanks to growing subscription and ad revenue in its networks business .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Udmurt State University	Udmurt Republic	Udmurt State University is the oldest educational institution in the Udmurt Republic .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	Scaled Composites	Northrop Grumman	Scaled Composites ( often abbreviated as Scaled ) is an aerospace company founded by Burt Rutan and currently owned by Northrop Grumman that is located at the Mojave Spaceport Mojave California United States .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	He	Minnesota	He resides near Minneapolis Minnesota and is considering buying a home in France .
per:title(e2,e1)	lyricist	Anna Tsuchiya	This one was a duet between Hoobastank and the American-Japanese singer lyricist actress and model Anna Tsuchiya .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	G-Unit	Tony Yayo	G-Unit then consisting of Lloyd Banks Tony Yayo and Young Buck was signed to the label as a group as well as solo artists .
no_relation	2005	UCI ProTour	Fassa Bortolo was a top-ranked team until the 2005 season during which it was part of the UCI ProTour .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	John Barrasso	Wyoming	The 30-second ads were directed at Senators Mitch McConnell the minority leader from Kentucky Evan Bayh Democrat of Indiana John Thune Republican of South Dakota John Barrasso Republican of Wyoming Richard Lugar Republican of Indiana Charles Grassley Republican of Iowa and Representative Mark Kirk Republican of Illinois .
org:members(e2,e1)	University of Central Florida	Division I	Located in Knights Plaza on the main campus of the University of Central Florida in Orlando Florida the stadium was the first on-campus stadium in NCAA Division I FBS to open in the 21st century .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Shakespears Sister	London	In 2008 Honey Bane appeared in a role in the Chris Ward-written and directed short film What Shall We Do With The Drunken Sailor based on the life of artist/model Nina Hamnett self-styled Queen of Bohemia starring Siobhan Fahey ( ex singer with Bananarama and Shakespears Sister ) actor Clive Arrindel and Donny Tourette ( frontman with punk band Towers of London ) .
org:city_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Spain	group	With a consolidated market in Spain Paco placed his bet on taking the group to the Americas .
per:cities_of_residence(e2,e1)	London	Dame Eileen	The Independent wrote that the emphasis is on the jokes of which there are many . . All the actors in Michell's production are excellent . . The show is stolen by Sophie Thompson as the daughter whose only means of opposing Margot is to be the perfect mother and housewife . . the unconvincing ending is neat without being tidy . . This Is London gave unqualified praise : . . the splendid Dame Eileen mounts another witty display of brisk imperiousness and self-admiring froideur effortlessly swatting away complaints as if they were mere gnats .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Betancourt	Venezuela	Betancourt was incensed and thus it was that the strongest political party in Venezuela and the military conspirators none of which had a rank higher than major made a deal whose consequences were to be long-lasting .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Caltech	Robert Andrews Millikan	It was the Guggenheims who along with Caltech president Robert Andrews Millikan convinced von to emigrate to the United States and become director of GALCIT .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Thompson	Health and Human Services	`` I certainly would not send him to the United Nations '' said Thompson a former secretary of Health and Human Services .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	King	London	In January 1739 Swift entrusted King with a copy of the verses on his own death for publication in London .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	Jacques Chirac	Paris	Judges were questioning former French President Jacques Chirac on Thursday in an investigation into a party financing scandal dating to his time as Paris mayor judicial officials said .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Zhejiang University	Hangzhou	Shao was squeezed out by Kuomintang Central Club and left Zhejiang University in 1935 but still lived in Hangzhou .
per:title(e2,e1)	President	Lee Teng-hui	The movement provided the impetus for the far-reaching political reforms of President Lee Teng-hui .
org:founded_by(e1,e2)	Google	Larry Page	When Google went public in 2004 founders Larry Page and Sergey Brin promised Google would commit to philanthropy by dedicating 1 % of its profit 1 % of its equity and its employees ' time to charitable effort including Google.org .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Italy	Alitalia	In 1997 the state had already come to its rescue when it had bought the national carrier back from Italy 's Alitalia which had acquired it in 1993 .
org:alternate_names(e1,e2)	United States Secret Service	USSS	Acxiom immediately notified law enforcement upon discovery of intrusions into its system and assisted with the investigation which was conducted by a task force formed the Federal Bureau of Investigation ( FBI ) and the United States Secret Service ( USSS ) .
org:members(e2,e1)	General Motors	NYSE	Companies like General Motors ( NYSE : GM ) and Toyota ( NYSE : TM ) know only too well that they have XM over a barrel .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Hugo	Venezuela	Corruption Mismanagement and Abuse of Power in Hugo 's Venezuela by Gustavo Coronel ( Cato Institute : Development Policy Analysis ) .
no_relation	Paris	California	The example of the Paris - Lyon liaison is an experience that is very similar to what we want to do in California between San Francisco and LA .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Education	Margaret Spellings	Three other vintage Bushites are still in Washington but like Hughes they 're largely focused on their own turf : Education Secretary Margaret Spellings the author of Bush's education initiatives in Austin ; Housing and Urban Development Secretary Alphonso Jackson Bush's former neighbor in Dallas ; and former Bush college roommate Clay Johnson who serves as the deputy director of the Office of Management and Budget .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Hull College	England	Hull College is a further education College in Hull England .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Lawson Software	St. Paul	Upon completion of the transaction the company will operate under the name Lawson Software with U.S. headquarters in St. Paul Minnesota and international operations headquartered in Stockholm Sweden .
no_relation	Usmani	Hindi	Usmani published in 1939 Char Yatri in Hindi and Char Musafir in Urdu and later in English as Four Travellers .
no_relation	Rector	college	Dalton became founding Rector of the college .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	He	Central America	He enacted liberal reforms in the new Federal Republic of Central America including freedom of the press speech and religion .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	University of Silesia	Katowice	My licentiate work on University of Silesia ( Poland Katowice ) is about usage of realtime services in computer LAN/WAN networks .
org:city_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Lake Forest	Lake Forest High School	Most Lake Forest residents attend Lake Forest School District 67 and Lake Forest High School .
org:top_members/employees(e1,e2)	EADS	Grube	EADS chairman Rudiger Grube said the company is convinced its financial communications ( policy ) complies fully with financial regulations and urged shareholders to look beyond the scandal .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Newman	Connecticut	During breaks in his acting career Newman spent lots of time racing at Lime Rock in upstate Connecticut and at tracks all over the country .
org:members(e2,e1)	Florida Atlantic University	NCAA	The Florida Atlantic Owls football team represents Florida Atlantic University a mid-major NCAA Division ( FBS ) college football team that completed an eight-season tenure in the Sun Belt Conference in 2012 .
no_relation	America East	Albany Great Danes	That same year Stony Brook finished the season with 10-7 3-2 America East record and also were the Conference tournament winners with a 8-6 win over the Albany Great Danes sending the Seawolves to their first ever Men's lacrosse NCAA Tournament in their initial year .
per:title(e1,e2)	Denise Jones	dancer	Donyelle Denise Jones is a dancer choreographer director teacher singer and actress .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Wang	Taiwan	Wang said that after the transfer of power in 2000 Taiwan 's justice has made substantial headway and is more impartial and objective than in the past .
per:alternate_names(e1,e2)	Alex Reece	Fallen Angels	Alex Reece ( born Alexander Charles Ernest Reece Barnet England ) was an influence of the jazzstep sound a mix of drum and bass and jazz and one of the musicians under the Metalheadz collective who also works under the pseudonym of Fallen Angels Although he was most interested in acid house and early Detroit techno Reece came to prominence in the mid-1990s as a jungle star .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	SPDC	Maung Aye	KBZ is part of the Myanmar Billion Group conglomerate ( founded by Aung Ko Win aka Saya Kyaung ) which is involved in the mining industry and is regarded to be close to former SPDC Deputy-Chairman Maung Aye .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Continental Army	his	Not saying he did n't have his moments he did after all win the war but it's important to take into consideration the state of the Continental Army at the beginning and his aids towards the end which were quite intelligent .
per:cities_of_residence(e2,e1)	Charlottesville	Anderson	Botkin was living in the university town of Charlottesville Virginia and a local friend of his history professor and genealogist John Eacott Manahan paid for Anderson 's journey to the United States .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Yellowhead Tribal College	Alberta	Yellowhead Tribal College is an educational institution located in Edmonton Alberta and Winnipeg Manitoba which is run by five member nations of Treaty 6 with the five members being Alexander First Nation Enoch Cree Nation O'Chiese First Nation Sunchild First Nation and Alexis First Nation .
no_relation	University of East London	Olympics	The University of East London announced Wednesday that about 600 U.S. athletes and 500 support staff will use its campuses gyms and sports facilities for the Olympics .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	University of Nottingham Medical School	UK	The University of Nottingham's teaching hospital University of Nottingham Medical School is part of the largest hospital in the UK the Queen's Medical Centre ( or QMC ) .
org:alternate_names(e2,e1)	The Atlantic	The Atlantic Monthly	The Atlantic is an American magazine founded in 1857 in Boston Massachusetts as The Atlantic Monthly .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Nova Scotia	Peter MacKay	On April 12 2007 Dion announced that the Liberals would not run a candidate against Green Party leader Elizabeth May in the Nova Scotia riding of Central Nova ( currently represented by Conservative Peter MacKay ) in return for the Green Party leader's agreement not to run a Green candidate in Dion's riding of Saint-Laurent Cartierville .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Vanderbilt University	Nashville	But Kenneth Catania an assistant professor of biology at Vanderbilt University in Nashville became curious when he saw one of his star-nosed subjects blowing ample bubbles while swimming underwater .
no_relation	Karygiannis	Greece	In an interview for The Globe and Mail on September 21 2007 Karygiannis referred to ethnic Macedonians by the word Skopjans commonly used in Greece but seen as highly derogatory and racist by most Macedonians .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Maldives	Maumoon Abdul Gayoom	Pursuant to the powers vested in him by Section 144 of the Constitution and for only the second time in Maldives history president Maumoon Abdul Gayoom declared a State of Emergency in and the nearby islands a few minutes after the crackdown .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Gallegos	Caracas	He was researcher at the Gallegos Centre for Latin American Studies in Caracas and contributed to a large number of national and international magazines .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	Jyske Bank	Silkeborg	Jyske Bank is the result of the merger in 1967 of four banks from the mid-Jutland area : Silkeborg Bank Kjellerup Bank Kjellerup Handels - og Landbobank and the Handels - og Landbrugsbank in Silkeborg .
org:top_members/employees(e1,e2)	Fifth Air Force	Lieutenant General	Following the death of the commander of the V Bomber Command Brigadier General Kenneth Walker in an air raid over Rabaul in January 1943 the commander of the Fifth Air Force Lieutenant General George Kenney asked Lieutenant General Henry H. Arnold the chief of Army Air Forces to send Ramey to Australia as a replacement .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Coastal Carolina University	Conway	He also donated $ 2 million to Coastal Carolina University ( Conway SC ) in 2003 to create their first football stadium which the university named Brooks Stadium in his children's honor .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Jerome Brailey	Parliament-Funkadelic	Other important group members like singer/guitarist Glenn Goins and drummer Jerome Brailey left Parliament-Funkadelic in the late 1970s after disputes over Clinton's management .
per:origin(e2,e1)	Swedish	Elias Magnus Fries	It was later given its present binomial name by Swedish mycologist Elias Magnus Fries .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Canadian Forces	Canada	The Canadian Forces : No one knows how much the Afghan mission will eventually cost Canada .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	External Assessments Bureau	New Zealand	The External Assessments Bureau is one of New Zealands intelligence agencies and provides assessments on developments overseas in support of informed policy decision-making in New Zealand 's external relations .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Lita Ford	The Runaways	In 2009 she was cast to play Lita Ford in the biopic The Runaways about the all-girl punk band of the same name .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Pakistan	its	The headquarters are located in the financial capital of Pakistan Karachi with its second headquarters in the capital Islamabad .
org:top_members/employees(e2,e1)	Gary Moon	Night Ranger	Steve Isham - The keyboardist joined up with Gary Moon who later replaced Jack Blades in the band Night Ranger to form The Pack and he later went on to tour as the drummer for Vince Neil's solo act .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	ESA	Netherlands	In contributing to the ISS ESA only represents 10 of its member states : Belgium Denmark France Germany Italy Netherlands Norway Spain Sweden and Switzerland .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Anne Murray	Nova Scotia	Also renowned world entertainer Anne Murray was a regular guest in those days ( 1965 1966 ) she taught gym classes in Springhill Nova Scotia and would drive to Halifax to tape the shows .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	PLA	PLA Air Force	Deng Changyou ( ; born February 1947 ) is a general of the People's Liberation Army ( PLA ) of the People's Republic of China and the current political commissar of the PLA Air Force .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	Samsung Telecommunications	Telecommunication Systems Division	Samsung Telecommunications is one of five business units within Samsung Electronics belonging to the Samsung Group and consists of the Mobile Communications Division Telecommunication Systems Division Computer Division MP3 Business Team Mobile Solution Centre and Telecommunication Centre .
no_relation	Mike Jones	American	At the end of the song Mike Jones claims that there is a film called The American Dream coming out as well as the EP .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Rancid	Tim Armstrong	The demo was subsequently played to Rancid 's Tim Armstrong and Lars Frederiksen and they insisted on producing the band's first proper recording .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	George Washington	United States	George Washington ( February 22 1732 December 14 1799 ) was the first President of the United States serving from 1789 to 1797 and before this served as the commander of the Continental Army in the American Revolutionary War from 1775 to 1783 .
org:alternate_names(e1,e2)	Navy Midshipmen	United States Naval Academy	The 2011 12 Navy Midshipmen men's basketball team represented the United States Naval Academy during the 2011 12 NCAA Division I men's basketball season .
org:alternate_names(e1,e2)	University and College Union	UCU	The University and College Union ( UCU ) passed the motion at their annual congress urging lecturers to consider the moral implications of existing and proposed links with Israeli academic institutions .
per:title(e1,e2)	Nelson	professor	Sarah Milledge Nelson ( born 1931 ) is an American archaeologist and a professor in the Department of Anthropology University of Denver United States .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Big Machine	Taylor Swift	They have moved to Big Machine Records home of Taylor Swift to release their next album Nothing Like This out Tuesday and the guys are contemplating bigger things .
org:members(e2,e1)	Arizona State Sun Devils	Arizona State University	The 1996 Arizona State Sun Devils football team represented the Arizona State University in the 1996 NCAA Division I-A college football season .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Cold Chillin	Biz Markie	Me The Biz is a 1990 song by rapper Masta Ace in which he pays homage to fellow Juice Crew rapper and Cold Chillin ' Records labelmate Biz Markie by impersonating him ( allegedly as a result of the inability of Biz to be in the studio for an actual collaboration between the two ) .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Lebanon	Lebanese Armed Forces	The Ministry of National Defense ( Wizarat al Difaa ' al Watani ) is Lebanon 's service section for the Lebanese Armed Forces which directs the entire Army .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	He	Alberta	He would go on to win significant championships in tournaments throughout Alberta including the 1974 city championships in Calgary .
per:title(e2,e1)	Minutemen	D. Boon	Formed as a vehicle to take the bass beyond its perceived background role and into the forefront of a band Dos ( named for the Spanish two not the operating system ) also became a therapeutic experience in the wake of Roessler's departure from Black Flag and more tragically Minutemen D. Boon 's sudden death on December 22 1985 .
org:top_members/employees(e1,e2)	Department of the Prime Minister and Cabinet	Maarten Wevers	It is defined by the New Zealand Security Intelligence Service Act The group is headed by the head of the Department of the Prime Minister and Cabinet Maarten Wevers .
no_relation	Roberta Flack	Donny Hathaway	Other alumni include Fleetwood Mac Rod Stewart Carly Simon George Carlin Michael Nesmith Rickie Lee Jones Paramore The Tragically Hip Sloan Lenny Bruce Bette Midler Leo Kottke Bruce Springsteen the Pointer Sisters Liza Minnelli Half Way Home Sheryl Crow Karla Bonoff Al Stewart Sandy Denny Kyle Vincent Waylon Jennings Tom Waits Pavement Rise Against Leonard Cohen Tommy Cody Roberta Flack Ramblin ' Jack Elliot Paul Sykes Donny Hathaway Arlo Guthrie and Darren Criss .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Institute of Marine Sciences	Turkey	The project was led by Dr Jeff Peakall and Dr Daniel Parsons at the University of Leeds in collaboration with the University of Southampton Memorial University ( Newfoundland Canada ) and the Institute of Marine Sciences ( Izmir Turkey ) .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Khaleda Zia	Bangladesh	Khaleda Zia was sworn in as the Prime Minister of Bangladesh .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Venezuela	Chavez	Venezuela 's Chavez pledges to undermine U.S. ethanol plans with Brazil .
no_relation	Cyprus national football team	Antonis Papadopoulos Stadium	On October 8 2010 Okkas reached 100 appearances with the Cyprus national football team against Norway in Antonis Papadopoulos Stadium in Larnaca .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Littleton Waller Tazewell	Virginia	Littleton Waller Tazewell Bradford ( 1848 1918 ) was a Virginia politician and a co-founder of Pi Kappa Alpha Fraternity .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	New Zealand	Accident Compensation Corporation	She has governance experience of over 10 years having been involved with a number of public private and not-for-profit organisations including Housing New Zealand Accident Compensation Corporation and Westpac Superannuation Scheme .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Democratic Kampuchea	Khieu Samphan	Reflection on Cambodian History Up to the Era of Democratic Kampuchea published last week offers a preview of what Khieu Samphan might offer as a defense before the tribunal .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	BMW	BMW Motorrad	The BMW F800GS F700GS and F650GS are members of the GS family of dual-sport motorcycles manufactured in Berlin Germany by BMW Motorrad .
per:country_of_birth(e1,e2)	Heinz	Germany	Heinz Schulz ( born January 5 1935 ) is an East German featherweight boxer who competed for the United Team of Germany and won the bronze medal at the Olympic Games in Tokyo 1964 .
per:title(e2,e1)	DJ	Uncle Kracker	Also at this time Michael met Kid Rock's DJ Matt Shafer aka Uncle Kracker .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Texas Department of Criminal Justice	Austin	Most of the Texas Department of Criminal Justice prisons are located in the historic cotton slavery belt around the former location of Stephen F. Austin 's colony .
org:founded(e2,e1)	Mississippi	Mississippi State University	The 2012 Mississippi State Bulldogs football team represented Mississippi State University in the 2012 NCAA Division I FBS football season .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	ABC1	Australian Broadcasting	ABC News broadcast on ABC1 is a national news service produced by the News and Current Affairs division of the Australian Broadcasting Corporation .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	British	BBC Three	Do n't Tell The Bride is a British reality TV shown on BBC Three in the United Kingdom BBC America in the United States and The LifeStyle Channel in Australia amongst others .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	He	British Columbia	He was appointed Minister of Canadian Heritage and Official Languages on October 30 2008 he retained the portfolio following the 2011 federal election and was named the Minister Responsible for the province of British Columbia .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Urho Kekkonen	Finland	Prime Minister Urho Kekkonen was elected as President of Finland at February 15 in 1956 and resigned .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Evan Bayh	Indiana	One of them Sen. Evan Bayh who is up for re-election next year in the swing state of Indiana said it was clear to everyone that Congress needed to do three things : control costs for Americans who already have insurance slow the growth in spending on Medicaid and Medicare to ease the deficit and provide health coverage to the millions of uninsured .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	PPR	CFAO	PPR cited the successful initial public offering in November of its African automobile and pharmaceutical distribution unit CFAO as well as a reduction of 3.7 percent in operating costs .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Kim Jong-Il	National Defence Commission	North Korean leader Kim Jong-Il has reshuffled the National Defence Commission which he heads to strengthen his grip on power in the communist state news reports and analysts said Monday .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	The LeeVees	New York City	The LeeVees is a rock band from New York City featuring Adam Gardner of Guster and Dave Schneider of the Zambonis .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Indiana State University	IN	Indiana State University is located about 60 miles south of West Lebanon in Terre Haute IN .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Carnegie Mellon University	Luis von Ahn	The project was started by Carnegie Mellon University ( Pittsburgh ) Professor Luis von Ahn ( creator of reCAPTCHA ) and his graduate student Severin Hacker and then developed also with Antonio Navas Vicki Cheung Marcel Uekermann Brendan Meeder Hector Villafuerte and Jose Fuentes .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	Jason Lee	Salem	That year Jason Lee moved to the Mission Mill site in what is now Salem while some others transferred to the Willamette Falls branch .
per:spouse(e2,e1)	Charles	Henrietta Maria of France	http://www.thomastomkins.org.uk/page06_biography.htm#Tomkins On James I's death in March 1625 Tomkins with other Gentlemen of the Chapel Royal was required to attend to both the music for James's funeral and that for the coronation of Charles I. These monumental tasks proved too much for Gibbons who died of a stroke in Canterbury where Charles was supposed to meet his future bride Henrietta Maria of France placing an even greater strain on Tomkins .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	Ireland	Anglo Irish Bank	Ireland will pump an extra 8.3 billion euros ( 11 billion dollars ) into the nationalised Anglo Irish Bank Finance Minister Brian Lenihan said Tuesday after a deep economic slump and the bursting of a property bubble .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	She	Cambrian College	She served on the board of governors of Cambrian College and was a member of the Ontario Advisory Council on Women's Issues .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	america	Venezuela	In fact the House recently voted to bolster america 's oil power by raising taxes on the largest U.S.-based oil companies while leaving others including Venezuela 's state-owned Citgo exempt .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Durham college	Oshawa	The UOIT and Durham college campuses are located in Oshawa with a Trent satellite campus .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Urho Kekkonen	Finland	Urho Kekkonen 1976-1981 Helsinki : Otava Publications Ltd. 2000 ; Seppo Zetterberg and Allan Tiitta Finland Through the Ages / Suomi kautta aikojen Helsinki : Valitut Palat/Reader's Digest 1992 ) .
no_relation	Hombres G	Spain	Rafa accepted David's invitation to join the rest of the group and they renamed themselves Hombres G after the 1935 James Cagney movie G Men ( which in Spain aired as Contra el imperio del crimen ) .
per:cities_of_residence(e2,e1)	Illinois	Peter Fitzgerald	Marcel-Keyes gained public notoriety after her father was nominated by the Illinois Republican Party as its candidate for the U.S. Senate seat vacated by retiring Senator Peter Fitzgerald .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Paige	Education	Over the past week Paige writes in a Education Dept. press release it has been reported that the Department of Education used the communications services of a nationally known commentator to inform the public about the No Child Left Behind law .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	KiwiRail	New Zealand	Prior to KiwiRail rail transport in New Zealand has been under both public and private ownership .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	United States	John Cooksey	In 1996 Taylor donated $ 900 to the unsuccessful campaign for the United States House of Representatives waged by now-State Senator Francis C. Thompson a Democrat from Delhi who lost to Republican John Cooksey of Monroe .
org:founded(e1,e2)	The Fuse	1998	The Fuse were a Indie Rock band from Edinburgh Scotland that were active between 1998 and 2005 .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	New Jersey	William Hughes	Young's initial thrust cut off Company C of the 1st New Jersey Volunteer Cavalry Regiment led by Lieutenant William Hughes .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Guru Gobind Singh Indraprastha University	Delhi	Guru Gobind Singh Indraprastha University ( formerly known as Indraprastha University ) a state university of New Delhi is also located in Kashmere Gate .
org:alternate_names(e2,e1)	Hilliard	Darby High School	It was renamed in 1997 when Hilliard Darby High School opened .
per:title(e1,e2)	Klute	DJ	Klute is the primary recording alias of Tom Withers the respected drum and bass Producer and DJ from London UK .
org:alternate_names(e2,e1)	Venezuela	CANTV	Jesse Chacon said at a news conference Thursday that President Hugo Chavez has only referred to the takeover of CA Nacional Telefonos de Venezuela or CANTV -- partially owned by New York - based Verizon Communications Inc. -- and not of the telecommunications sector .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Joan	Barcelona	The ( Joan Foundation ) is a museum of modern art honoring Joan located on the hill called in Barcelona Catalonia .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Hunter College	New York	He has given performances at Zankel Weill and Stern Auditoriums at Carnegie Hall and the Kaye Playhouse and Lang Hall at Hunter College Alice Tully Hall and Merkin Hall in New York City and his performances have been broadcast on New York radio stations WQXR and WNCN and Chicago's WFMT .
org:members(e1,e2)	10	Bloomberg	The agency's 10 paying distributors are Bloomberg the Conference Board of Canada EcoWin AB Emerging Markets Economic Data Ltd. FactSet Research Systems Inc. Global Insight ( Canada ) Inc. Haver Analytics Moody's Economy.Com Nomura Research Institute Ltd. and Thomson Financial Investment Management Group according to Statistics Canada's website .
per:title(e1,e2)	OSCAR PETERSON	pianist	OSCAR PETERSON ( 1925 Montreal Canada ) Famed jazz pianist rcd for Verve other labels in 1950 's .
per:spouse(e1,e2)	She	Charles Hughesdon	She was married twice first to the aviator Tom Campbell Black from 1935 1936 after his death to aviator and insurance broker Charles Hughesdon from 1937 with whom she lived with at Dunsborough Park in Ripley Surrey .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Stanwell School	Penarth	Stanwell School is a co-educational foundation status comprehensive school and Sixth form college located in Penarth Vale of Glamorgan Wales for children aged between eleven and eighteen .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Ecuador	Rafael Correa	says Ecuador has the capacity to pay but worries that President Rafael Correa might make other moves to avoid paying its debts .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Ho	Vietnam	In 1950 Ho again declared an independent Democratic Republic of Vietnam which was recognized by the fellow Communist governments of China and the Soviet Union .
org:top_members/employees(e1,e2)	party	Popescu-Tariceanu	The party also agreed to put Popescu-Tariceanu at the head of a delegation to political consultations at the request of President Basescu .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Nova Scotia Community College	Nova Scotia	CategoryCash FareMetroPass10 ticketsAdult $ 2.25 $ 70 $ 18Senior/Child $ 1.50 $ 52 $ 13Student $ 2.25 $ 64 $ 18In addition a University student bus pass ( U-pass ) is available for Saint Mary's Mount Saint Vincent King's College Dalhousie Nova Scotia Community College ( Halifax Campuses only ) and Nova Scotia College of Art and Design students and the cost is included in tuition fees .
per:origin(e1,e2)	James Madison	American	James Madison Porter III ( 1864 1928 ) was an American civil engineer notable for his role in designing two unique bridges across the Delaware River and for his development of the civil engineering program at Lafayette College .
no_relation	EADS	Airbus	EADS rejects report of Airbus recapitalisation .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	India	RPG Group	In 1993 GD Searle withdrew from India and sold its holdings to RPG Group .
org:top_members/employees(e1,e2)	Endemol	John de Mol	Endemol was founded in 1994 by a merger of television production companies owned by Joop van den Ende and John de Mol the name deriving from the combination of their surnames .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Mwai Kibaki	Kenya	President Mwai Kibaki of Kenya urges his rival to go to court to resolve deadly presidential election dispute .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	The Sugarcubes	she	While still performing as the vocalist of Icelandic alternative rock group The Sugarcubes she approached both of Bad Taste and producer Derek Birkett of One Little Indian Records with a demo cassette of her own songs on which she had been working.Pytlik 2003 .
per:origin(e1,e2)	he	Mauritanian	In 1978 with the country in severe disorder he participated in a coup that overthrew Mauritanian President Mokhtar Ould Daddah .
per:title(e2,e1)	director	Abel Ferrara	After three years Flowerland reforms briefly to showcase for record executive and manager Arma Andon ( Cyndi Lauper Godsmack ) Flowerland also records at Coyote Studios in Williamsburg NY performs three shows in NYC and is filmed at Arlene's Grocery in NYC by movie director Abel Ferrara ( Bad Lieutenant King of New York ) .
no_relation	2007	VECO Corporation	On July 24 2007 the Wall Street Journal reported that Young was under federal investigation for possibly taking bribes illegal gratuities or unreported gifts from VECO Corporation an Anchorage-based company .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Mohamed Khir Bin Toyo	Selangor	Dr. Mohamed Khir Bin Toyo ( born August 6 1965 ) was the former Dato ' Menteri Besar ( Chief Minister ) of the state of Selangor in Malaysia from 2000 to 2008 .
org:alternate_names(e1,e2)	Marsha Stern Talmudical Academy	Yeshiva University High School for Boys	The Marsha Stern Talmudical Academy also known as Yeshiva University High School for Boys ( YUHSB ) MTA ( Manhattan Talmudical Academy ) or TMSTA is an Orthodox Jewish day school ( or yeshiva ) the boys ' prep school of Yeshiva University ( YU ) in the Washington Heights neighborhood in the New York City borough of Manhattan .
no_relation	Stuart Chatwood	Canada	Stuart Chatwood In Tangents The Tea Party Collection 2000 CD EMI Music Canada Mississauga .
org:members(e2,e1)	United Airlines	Star Alliance	Air Canada already has an agreement with United Airlines which is a Star Alliance partner .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Konrad Adenauer	Berlin	For a complete list of notable alumni and professors see : People associated with the University of Freiburg Image : Bundesarchiv B 145 Bild-F078072-0004 Konrad Adenauer.jpg | Konrad Adenauer Image : Stamps of Germany ( Berlin ) 1988 MiNr 826 .
no_relation	Ricky Hatton	Las Vegas	Pacquiao knocked out England's Ricky Hatton in the second round last month at Las Vegas serving notice to Mayweather on the day the US fighter announced his return from retirement .
org:top_members/employees(e1,e2)	HSBC	Stuart Gulliver	Green's successor as the top of HSBC Stuart Gulliver said between 2004 and 2010 our anti-money laundering controls should have been stronger and more effective and we failed to spot and deal with unacceptable behaviour .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Carlsberg Visitors Centre	Denmark	Brands held by the Carlsberg brewery group : The Carlsberg Visitors Centre is located at 11 Gamle Carlsberg Vej 2500 Valby Denmark at the location of the first Carlsberg Brewery .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Omar al-Bashir	Sudan	Omar al-Bashir is the President of Sudan .
org:founded_by(e1,e2)	Rolls-Royce	Henry Royce	Rolls-Royce Limited was founded in 1906 by Henry Royce and Charles Rolls at the Midland Hotel in Manchester and produced its first aircraft engine in 1914 .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Australia	Qantas	SYDNEY Australia -- Qantas Airways says it has appointed the head of its offshoot airline Jetstar Alan Joyce as chief executive officer .
no_relation	one	Southern Methodist University	Dallas has no major college sports program within its political boundaries although it has one such program within its city limits the Mustangs of Southern Methodist University are located in the enclave of University Park .
per:spouse(e1,e2)	Cameron	Gale Anne Hurd	Cameron has been married five times to the following spouses : Sharon Williams ( 1978 1984 ) Gale Anne Hurd ( 1985 1989 ) director Kathryn Bigelow ( 1989 1991 ) Linda Hamilton ( 1997 1999 daughter Josephine born in 1993 ) and Suzy Amis ( 2000-present ) .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Canada	Jeff Wall	Canada is in the spotlight on Russia cultural front in 2007 with artist/photographer Jeff Wall at the Moscow Art Biennale in February ; and over 40 nights of Canadian theatrical performances by Robert Lepage Compagnie Marie Chouinard Cirque Eloize and Theatre Smith-Gilmour at the Chekhov Theatre Festival .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Jim DeMint	South Carolina	Just ask Sen. Jim DeMint of South Carolina the new Republican kingpin and enforcer on Capitol Hill .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Education	Margaret Spellings	This year's annual conference of the nation's historically black colleges and universities appeared to be well-timed for Education Secretary Margaret Spellings coming just as President Bush prepares to sign into law the largest increase in federal student aid since the GI Bill .
org:city_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Oakville	Tim Hortons	Despite maintaining its operational headquarters in Oakville the spun-off holding company Tim Hortons Inc. was initially incorporated in Delaware .
org:alternate_names(e1,e2)	Navy	Royal Thai Marine Corps	The Navy also oversees the Royal Thai Marine Corps .
per:title(e2,e1)	President	Vladimir Putin	Fagnidi as Ambassador of d'Ivoire to Russia presented his Letters of Credence to Russian President Vladimir Putin on 13 April 2007 and has concurrent accreditation as Ambassador of d'Ivoire to Latvia Georgia Lithuania Azerbaijan Ukraine Estonia and Belarus .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Maine	Susan Collins	Maine 's U.S. senators are Republican Susan Collins and Independent Angus King .
no_relation	California	Richard Nixon	Image : EisenhowerChiefofStaffPortrait.jpg | Retired General of the Army Dwight D. Eisenhower of New York Image : MacArthur Manila.jpg | General of the Army Douglas MacArthur of Arkansas Image : Wayne Morse.jpg | Senator Wayne Morse of Oregon Image : Harold Stassen.jpg | Former Governor Harold Stassen of Minnesota Image : Robert a taft.jpg | Senator Robert Taft of Ohio Image : Arthur H. Vandenberg.jpg | Senator Arthur H. Vandenberg of Michigan Image : Earl Warren Portrait half figure seated facing front as Governor.jpg | Governor Earl Warren of California Richard Nixon was nominated unanimously .
per:origin(e1,e2)	Mary Cassatt	American	The paintings of Mary Cassatt an American impressionist were also very influential in Hyde's decision to focus on Japanese attributes in her works .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	It	Oxfordshire	It is situated in Bicester Oxfordshire England and occupies a site leading off Queens Avenue .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Marshall-Wythe School of Law	Williamsburg	The Tenth Annual Brigham-Kanner Property Rights Conference will be held on October 18 and 19 2013 at William Mary's Marshall-Wythe School of Law in Williamsburg Virginia .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	West Bromwich Building Society	West Bromwich	West Bromwich Building Society is a UK building society with its headquarters in West Bromwich in the West Midlands of England .
per:title(e2,e1)	Chairman	Hu Jintao	Former CMC Chairman Hu Jintao has defined the missions of the PLA as : The People's Liberation Army was founded on 1 August 1927 during the Nanchang Uprising when troops of the Kuomintang ( KMT ) rebelled under the leadership of Zhu De He Long Ye Jianying and Zhou Enlai shortly after the end of the first Kuomintang Communist alliance .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	G-Unit	Tony Yayo	It features guest appearances by mainly G-Unit artists 50 Cent Lloyd Banks Tony Yayo Young Buck and Nyce as well as Mary J. Blige and Nate Dogg .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	her	Berlin	According to Speer's memoirs Braun never slept in the same room as Hitler and had her own rooms at the Berghof in Hitler's Berlin residence and in the Berlin bunker .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	United States	Duke Energy	In the United States General Motors Duke Energy and others have lined up in favor of European-style quotas leading many environmentalists and experts to question whether these companies would be required to do enough to change their business practices in ways that create an effective transition to a cleaner environment .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Japan	Prince Akishino	Japan 's Prince Akishino and his wife Princess Kiko met with Indonesia's President Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono on Saturday as they began a week-long visit to the world's most populous Muslim nation .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	Adrian Erlandsson	norway	A minority of members past and present are from Gothenburg Sweden ; with the exception of Patrik Jensen who is from ; Per Jensen who is from Denmark ; Adrian Erlandsson who is from norway ; and Marco Aro who is from Finland .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	John Cornyn	Senate Judiciary Committee	More News Cornyn : Supreme Court Should Let Texas Administer Justice Consistent With Constitution - 10/10/2007 AUSTIN U.S. Sen. John Cornyn a member of the Senate Judiciary Committee former Texas Attorney General and Texas Supreme Court Justice made the following statement Wednesday regarding the Medellin v. Texas case : The U.S. Supreme Court should respect its own precedent and let the people of Texas administer criminal justice consistent with the Constitution .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	University of Pennsylvania	Pennsylvania	List of notable faculty alumni and scholars of the University of Pennsylvania in Philadelphia Pennsylvania USA .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	she	Reprise	Over the next five years she flitted between Atlantic Capitol and Reprise .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Jagan	Guyana	Jagan has the electoral support of the East Indians who are approximately 50 % of the total population of Guyana .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	?eslovas	he Seim	The state flag called the historical flag in law was proposed by ?eslovas as the vice-speaker of t he Seim as and by Edmundas the chairman of the Commission of Heraldry .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	NDP	Ahmed Nazif	The rise to power of powerful businessmen in the NDP in the government and in the People's Assembly led to massive waves of anger during the years of Prime Minister Ahmed Nazif 's government .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Punjabi University	India	She was Vice Chancellor of Punjabi University Patiala India .
per:title(e2,e1)	President	Bamir Topi	The mission led by the chairman of the Council's parliamentary assembly Mevlut Cavusoglu met with Albanian President Bamir Topi who recently launched talks between the country's ruling coalition and the opposition in a bid to resolve the crisis officials said .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Newman	California	Newman attended the University of California Los Angeles .
org:top_members/employees(e1,e2)	Democratic Action Party	Lim Kit Siang	According to Karpal : Democratic Action Party Parliamentary leader and former Opposition Leader Lim Kit Siang publicly lamented that Teoh Beng Hock would not have died if MACC had followed the law and interrogated him during the day .
org:members(e1,e2)	Winnipeg	Canwest	In September 1974 the CRTC awarded the Winnipeg Channel 9 licence to Canwest which formally took possession and assumed day-to-day management of KCND-TV effective March 31 1975 .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	United States	International Hockey League	After a season with the Adirondack Red Wings Miller moved to Europe with a spell in Finland's SM-liiga with HPK and in Germany's Deutsche Eishockey Liga with Kaufbeurer Adler before returning to the United States in the International Hockey League with the Peoria Rivermen and the San Antonio Dragons .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Raila Odinga	Kenya	However eye-witnesses place the figure at around deaths.Wagalla massacre : Raila Odinga orders Kenya probe .
org:members(e2,e1)	Namibia Food and Allied Workers Union	National Union of Namibian Workers	The Namibia Food and Allied Workers Union ( Nafau ) is a trade union in Namibia affiliated with the National Union of Namibian Workers ( Nunw ) .
org:alternate_names(e2,e1)	United World College of the	Atlantic College	This led to conferences involving Ecolint the United World College of the Atlantic ( Atlantic College ) and others in the spring and fall of 1965 at which details about the curriculum for the Diploma Programme were discussed and agreed upon .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Eve	United States	Paterson was seriously considering Eve as a replacement for Clinton when Clinton became United States Secretary of State .
per:country_of_birth(e1,e2)	Stan Stammers	England	Stan Stammers ( born 19 May 1961 England ) is best known as the bass player for post punk band Theatre of Hate Spear Of Destiny and Plastic Eaters co. founded with Robdaly .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	Kentucky Wildcats	University of Kentucky	The 1964 Kentucky Wildcats football team represented the University of Kentucky in the Southeastern Conference during the 1964 college football season .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	The Who	Keith Moon	The group would be known as The Who starting in 1964 the same year Keith Moon would join the band replacing Doug Sandom on drums .
no_relation	Delp	Boston	During this time Delp also co-wrote with Boston bandmate Barry Goudreau for the 2003 release Delp and Goudreau .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Gibson	Parliament	Gibson an elected member of Parliament from the ruling Progressive Liberal Party has already been accused of showing Smith preferential treatment by fast-tracking her residency application last year .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Interior	Dirk Kempthorne	Interior Secretary Dirk Kempthorne will expand ethics oversight after reports revealing parties sexual relationships and lavish gifts between U.S. government oil brokers and energy company employees .
org:city_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Guam	Continental Micronesia	Before being headquartered in Guam Continental Micronesia was headquartered in Saipan Northern Mariana Islands .
org:members(e2,e1)	Antony	Antony and the Johnsons	In a nice conceptual touch the gender-bending vocalist Antony ( Antony Hegarty of Antony and the Johnsons ) adds ghostly vocals in the background .
org:members(e2,e1)	Rider University	NCAA	As the athletic director Carpenter brought Rider University into NCAA Division 1 athletics in the 1967-68 season as a member of the Middle Atlantic Conference .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	House	Betty Boothroyd	( The House instead elected the Labour MP Betty Boothroyd to the role with several Conservative MPs voting against Brooke on the grounds that he had too recently been in the Cabinet and was thus not sufficiently close to the backbenches . ) .
org:founded(e2,e1)	1951	TAE Greek National Airlines	In 1951 the poor financial state of the three airlines led to a decision by the Greek state to merge them into one TAE Greek National Airlines .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	CBS	New York	CBS has its headquarters in CBS Building Midtown Manhattan New York City New York United States .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Lee	United States	As Solicitor General Lee had the opportunity to focus on the legal effort he enjoyed most : briefing and arguing cases in the United States Supreme Court and he found great success in doing it .
no_relation	National Aeronautics and Space Administration	NASA	President Dwight D. Eisenhower established the National Aeronautics and Space Administration ( NASA ) in 1958 .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Mayer	California	In the 2005 biography Lion of Hollywood author Scott Eyman wrote that : Mayer built one of the finest racing stables in the United States and that he almost single-handedly raised the standards of the California racing business to a point where the Eastern thoroughbred establishment had to pay attention .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Pakistan	Shaukat Aziz	The Lal Masjid or Red Mosque damaged the image of Pakistan Prime Minister Shaukat Aziz said in a statement on Tuesday .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	University of Portland	Portland	Waldschmidt Hall ( originally West Hall ) is an academic building at the University of Portland in Portland Oregon United States .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	Hank	Tijuana	For his part Hank has dismissed the allegations against him as lies and pointed to his strong record in giving the Tijuana police department the equipment it needs to fight crime .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	e Allied Joint Force Command Naple	; Ital	The NATO CC-Air HQ ?zmir was responsible to th e Allied Joint Force Command Naple s based in Naples ; Ital y .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	His	Venezuela	His term was characterized by an economic crisis amid unstable prices for oil -- Venezuela 's main export .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Auburn University	United States	She was part of her high school swimming team in Harare and captained the college team in her final year at Auburn University Alabama in the United States where she graduated in 2006 with a degree in hotel management .
org:alternate_names(e2,e1)	National Archives	National Archives and Records Administration	For more information check the National Archives Web site or contact : The U.S. National Archives and Records Administration 8601 Adelphi Road College Park Md. 20740-6001 or call 1-866-272-6272 .
org:members(e2,e1)	University of Houston	NCAA	The 2000 Houston Cougars football team also known as the Houston Cougars Houston or UH represented the University of Houston in the 2000 NCAA Division I-A football season .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Japan	Mitsumasa Yonai	One of his classmates was the future Navy Minister and Prime Minister of Japan Mitsumasa Yonai .
org:alternate_names(e2,e1)	Mechanical Engineers	SLEME	The role of the Sri Lanka Electrical Mechanical Engineers ( SLEME ) is to repair and maintain all electrical mechanical biomedical and optical equipment in the SL Army except for engineer plant and signal equipment .
per:title(e2,e1)	President	Michelle Bachelet	Chilean President Michelle Bachelet is convoking an emergency meeting of South American leaders to find a resolution to Bolivia's political crisis .
no_relation	Buenos Aires	Manuel Belgrano	He started his artistic studies at the Buenos Aires University of Engineering before transferring to the Manuel Belgrano School of Arts and graduating in 1962 .
per:title(e1,e2)	he	Transport	In April 1991 he became Minister of Transport in Petre Roman's Cabinet and continued to hold this position during Theodor Stolojan's Cabinet of technocrats in September 1991 November 1992 .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	He	New York	He then moved to New York City's WABC-TV in 1968 where he was co-anchor on Eyewitness News alongside Tom Dunn from 1968 through 1970 and then Bill Beutel from 1970 to 1986 .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Nano Reid	Ireland	An individual expressionistic artist Nano Reid is acknowledged to be one of the finest Irish woman painters of twentieth-century visual art in Ireland .
org:members(e1,e2)	United States	Judge	Carolyn Turchin is a United States Magistrate Judge in the United States District Court for the Central District of California .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Curtin	Commonwealth Grants Commission	After the loss Curtin became the advocate for the Western Australian Government with the Commonwealth Grants Commission .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Eva Hesse	Germany	To the sculptor Eva Hesse he once wrote a letter while she was living in Germany and at a point when her work was at an impasse .
no_relation	Dave Brubeck	Paul Desmond	In California Dave Brubeck hired alto saxophonist Paul Desmond forming a quartet .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Energy	Samuel Bodman	And in 2010 the Princeton Review and U.S. Green Building Council included Fairfield in the Guide to 286 Green Colleges In October 2007 U.S. Secretary of Energy Samuel Bodman and U.S. Representative Christopher Shays joined the Rev. Jeffrey P. von Arx S.J. in unveiling the University's new environmentally friendly Combined Heat and Power Plant ( CHP ) designed to reduce strain on the region's power grid and reduce the University's overall carbon footprint by more than metric tons per year .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Punjab	Amarinder Singh	Considered among the top rung of Indian Public Schools Yadavindra Public School Patiala is a boarding-cum-day school founded by Late His Highness Maharaja Yadavindra Singh father of former Punjab Chief Minister Captain Amarinder Singh .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	China	Yang Jiechi	Bermudez will visit China from Aug. 31 to Sept. 2 at the invitation of Chinese Foreign Minister Yang Jiechi Jiang said in a press release .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Coppenrath	French Polynesia	Coppenrath earned a reputation during his tenure as someone to turn to during French Polynesia 's political and social crises .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Mitch McConnell	Kentucky	A spokesman for the Senate Republican leader Mitch McConnell of Kentucky said there was little chance of the bill's passage .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	COGAM	Spain	COGAM worked for the Same-sex marriage in Spain the Spanish Gender Identity Law and the organization of the Madrid Gay Parade ( as well the Europride 2007 ) .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Charles Erwin Wilson	Defense	thumb | The mausoleum of Charles E. WilsonHe was nicknamed Electric Charlie so as not to be confused with Charles Erwin Wilson the U.S. Secretary of Defense under President Dwight Eisenhower and earlier the Chairman of the General Motors Corporation who was nicknamed Engine Charlie .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Ma Ying-jeou	Kuomintang	President Ma Ying-jeou ruled out Thursday the possibility of him serving concurrently as chairman of the ruling Kuomintang ( KMT ) .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Watt	Interior	During 1969 Watt was appointed the deputy assistant secretary of water and power development for the Department of the Interior .
per:origin(e2,e1)	British	Tony Blair	Former British Prime Minister Tony Blair called Kennedy a true public servant committed to the values of fairness justice and opportunity .
no_relation	His	National Academy of Design	His full-color oil painting Return of the Blackfoot War Party was exhibited at the National Academy of Design and the New York Herald commented that Remington would one day be listed among our great American painters .
org:city_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Medford	Lithia Motors	Economic problems in 2008 and 2009 put a hold on The Commons project a collaboration between the city of Medford and Lithia Motors .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Perfume	Yuka Kashino	Nishiwaki was born and raised in Hiroshima Japan where she attended Hiroshima Actors School with friends and current Perfume members Yuka Kashino and Ayano moto .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Mao	Hunan	Mao led a Hunan students ' delegation to Peking where he appealed nationwide for support and revealed Zhang Jingyao's atrocities in Hunan Province .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e2,e1)	Quebec	Gilles Duceppe	As a result of this political coup and his apparent civil behaviour in a spitefully raucous parliament many political analysts noted that Layton gained increased credibility as an effective leader of an important party becoming the major second choice leader in many political polls for example polling second in Quebec after Gilles Duceppe despite the low polls for his party as a whole in the province .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Pierre Trudeau	Quebec	In 1976 he was appointed to the Senate of Canada by Pierre Trudeau representing the senatorial division of Repentigny Quebec .
org:top_members/employees(e2,e1)	Valerie Steele	Fashion Institute of Technology	Balenciaga is really one of the greatest designers of the 20th century said Valerie Steele director and chief curator of The Museum at the Fashion Institute of Technology in New York City .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Oregon House	Jeff Merkley	In 2008 he ran for the Democratic Party's nomination for the United States Senate for the seat then held by Republican Gordon Smith but narrowly lost to Oregon House speaker Jeff Merkley .
per:title(e2,e1)	guitarist	Hugh Masekela	Cameroonian jazz composer Andre Manga plays bass and South African guitarist Ray Phiri who also collaborated on Graceland plays on much of the album while famed trumpeter and worldbeat bandleader Hugh Masekela is credited with playing flugelhorn on one song .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	he	Canada	Also in Fall 2011 he and wife Julie Masse Hart offered the following limited edition merchandise exclusively online : A long-time supporter of various health-related and other charitable causes Hart participated in Movember Canada in November 2011 .
per:spouse(e2,e1)	George	Mary of Teck	Princess Alice Duchess of Gloucester GCB CI GCVO GBE GCStJ ( Alice Christabel Montagu Douglas Scott ; 25 December 1901 29 October 2004 ) was a member of the British Royal Family the wife and then widow of Prince Henry Duke of Gloucester the third son of monarch George V and Mary of Teck .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Osho	India	Urban has commented that the most surprising feature of the Osho phenomenon lies in Osho's remarkable apotheosis upon his return to India which resulted in his achieving even more success in his homeland than before .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	State	John Hay	The treaty was co-authored by environmentalist Henry Wood Elliott and United States Secretary of State John Hay in 1905 although the treaty was not ratified for another six years .
no_relation	9000	inside and out	regeard diffs 33 BFG mud terrain ( almost new ) arb front bumper w/warn wench off road lights 2 soft-ride springs rancho 9000 shocks new radiator clutch CD changer clean inside and out well maintained .
org:founded(e2,e1)	1835	Albion College	In 1835 Methodist Episcopal settlers established Albion College which was known by a few other names before 1861 when the college was fully authorized to confer four-year degrees on both men and women .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	Tata Motors	Tata Group	It is a wholly owned subsidiary of the Indian Tata Motors group itself a subsidiary of the Tata Group .
org:alternate_names(e2,e1)	San Jose	State University	San Jose State University employs approximately faculty members 84 percent of whom are classified as instructional faculty including nearly full-time equivalent faculty ( FTEF ) .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Lowe	Demon Records	Produced by Lowe and Neil Brockbank it was released in the UK in 1994 on Demon Records and elsewhere by Upstart Records .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Air Wisconsin	United States	Air Wisconsin is the largest privately held regional airline in the United States .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Kirby Company	USA	The Kirby Company is a manufacturer of vacuum cleaners and home cleaning accessories based in Cleveland Ohio USA .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Mute Records	Erasure	Mute Records released the single in the UK under the title Moon the Sky Plus a similar tactic used for one of Erasure 's previous singles ( Rain ) .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	he	France	In this he entirely succeeded by his courage and eloquence as a parliamentary leader and by the use of all those means of influence which France supplied to a dominant minister .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Mike Johanns	Nebraska	Two Republicans Rep. Dan Lungren of California and Sen. Mike Johanns of Nebraska are leading efforts to repeal the reporting requirement .
per:alternate_names(e2,e1)	Barack Obama	I	Keenly aware of his wife's heritage Barack Obama has called Michelle the most quintessentially American woman I know .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Jilin University	People Republic of China	He has also held senior Fulbright lectureships at National Chengchi University in the Republic of China ( Taiwan ) ( 1978 79 ) and at Jilin University in the People Republic of China ( 1987 88 ) and was a Fulbright senior researcher with the Directory General of Natural Resources of the Republic of Portugal ( 1990 ) as well as visiting professor at Detroit College of Law Widener University and the Ohio State University .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	ESAC	Spain	Mission control for the LISA Pathfinder mission will be at ESOC in Darmstadt Germany with science and technology operations controlled from ESAC in Madrid Spain .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	Future US	Nintendo Power	On September 19 2007 Nintendo and Future announced that Future US would obtain the publishing rights to Nintendo Power magazine .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	WMATA	Metrobus	The area is also served by a number of WMATA Metrobus lines .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	Tragic Hero Records	Music	Greeley Estates signed to Tragic Hero Records and Ferret Music in 2009 and released their fourth full-length album No Rain No Rainbow in 2010 which features an even heavier sound .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Los Angeles	Tom Bradley	From 1989 until 1993 Ms. Usher served as Counsel to the Mayor under Los Angeles Mayor Tom Bradley .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Rafael Caldera	Venezuela	1994 : Rafael Caldera is sworn in as president of Venezuela .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Illinois	Doug Scott	There were some issues between us and the attorney general and that skewed those numbers said the Illinois EPA Director Doug Scott who was appointed by Blagojevich in 2005 and kept on by Quinn .
per:cities_of_residence(e2,e1)	Beluga Heights	Sean Kingston	Through this deal they have signed Chicago rapper Yung Berg and his Yung Boss Records as well as J. R. Rotem's Beluga Heights which is home to artist Sean Kingston .
org:top_members/employees(e1,e2)	Electronic Data Systems	Chairman	Electronic Data Systems Corp. named Ronald A. Rittenmeyer president and chief operating officer to succeed Chairman Michael H. Jordan as CEO of the technology-services company on Sept. 1 .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Ahtisaari	Finland	In 1994 Ahtisaari accepted the presidential candidacy of Finland 's Social Democratic Party and won the election .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Barry Manilow	Bell	Following the success of Barry Manilow II the first Bell Records album release was re-mixed and re-issued on Arista Records as Barry Manilow I. When Manilow went on his first tour he included in his show what he called A V.S.M. or A Very Strange Medley .
org:founded(e2,e1)	2003	Canara Bank	NCDEX is a professionally managed online multi-commodity exchange set up in 2003 by ICICI Bank Ltd LIC NABARD NSE Canara Bank CRISIL Goldman Sachs Indian Farmers Fertiliser Cooperative Limited ( IFFCO ) and Punjab National Bank .
per:country_of_birth(e1,e2)	Tobin	Brazil	Tobin was born in Rio de Janeiro Brazil .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Severina Vu?kovi	of Croat	In recent years starting with the Severina Vu?kovi ? incident in 2004 the country of Croat ia has seen an explosion of these videos causing an imitation by teenagers .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Sani Abacha	Nigeria	But in the mid-1990s Young found himself urging Gen. Sani Abacha then Nigeria 's president to release a number of political opponents he had jailed including Obasanjo .
no_relation	Sochi Light Metro	2014	The Sochi Light Metro is under construction projected to be completed by 2014 .
org:city_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Adelaide	University of Adelaide	Born in Adelaide South Australia he was educated at Scotch College and then the University of Adelaide becoming a barrister in 1929 .
no_relation	His	Manchester	His books are now in the John Rylands University Library and his specimens in the Museum of Science and Industry in Manchester .
org:founded(e1,e2)	company	2000	The company was established in July 2000 when Lillehammer og Gausdal Energiverk and Hamar-regionen Energiverk merged their respective grid - and trade divisions .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	her	Judds	He elaborates As Wynonna handed lead vocal chores to her backup singers it seemed appropriate for more reasons than one that the Judds ended their Last Encore show with Silent Night .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Mikuni Shimokawa	,	ASIN : B0000DJWDG Performed by Mikuni Shimokawa collected on the single album , published by Pony Canyon .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Russia	Atomstroyexport	The nuclear power plant consists of two reactor units each rated at MW capacity and constructed by Russia 's Atomstroyexport .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Emmett Hardy	New Orleans Rhythm Kings	Emmett Hardy was in the original incarnation of the New Orleans Rhythm Kings ( or NORK ) under the direction of Bee Palmer .
no_relation	Lebanon	LAF	Israel and Lebanon on alert after clash JASON KOUTSOUKIS HERALDUN says trees causing clashes with Lebanon in Israeli side Xinhua August 4 2010 A high-ranking IDF officer was killed and another wounded when LAF snipers opened fire on an Israeli observation post after receiving authorization from senior Lebanese commanders .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Morarji Desai	India	Piloo Mody recommended to Morarji Desai the Prime minister of India ( 77-79 ) that Balasaheb be appointed as the Governor General of Andaman and Nicobar Islands .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Energy	Samuel Bodman	U.S. Energy Secretary Samuel Bodman called on OPEC to increase production earlier this week but cartel officials have said they will hold off any decision until the group meets next month in Abu Dhabi United Arab Emirates .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	He	Missouri	He settled in Kansas City Missouri and accepted a teaching job at the Kansas City Art Institute .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	Georgia	GNRR	The Georgia Marble rail lines at Tate and Marble Hill and the Blue Ridge Scenic Railroad at Blue Ridge Georgia are also operated by GNRR .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e2,e1)	Rhode Island	Sheldon Whitehouse	Rhode Island 's two Democratic senators Jack Reed and Sheldon Whitehouse both of whom had been cut out of Smith's selection by the White House issued a lukewarm joint response to the nomination : Before giving someone a lifetime appointment to the federal bench we need to carefully review their record .
per:country_of_birth(e2,e1)	French Polynesia	Oscar Temaru	More recently the Chinese community which controls many businesses in French Polynesia has been targeted in verbal attacks by the newly allied Gaston Flosse and Oscar Temaru in their political fight against Gaston Tong Sang whose Chinese origins they emphasize in contrast with their Polynesian origins despite the fact that they both have mixed origins ( European and Polynesian for Flosse ; Polynesian and Chinese for Temaru ) .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Australian Quarantine and Inspection Service	Australia	The Australian Quarantine and Inspection Service is responsible for ensuring that no new species with the potential to become invasive species enter Australia .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Klein	Alberta	Now serving as the MLA for Edmonton-McClung MacBeth tried to capitalize on discontent with Klein 's government in some Alberta communities by reaching out to disaffected Red Tories but proved unable to connect with voters .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Metaxas	Greece	By the 1930s Metaxas openly condemned the parliamentary system in Greece .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	His	Chicago	His son had written and produced a number of different plays throughout Chicago and had envisioned a theater which embraced the best professional training and performance standards .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	Baugh	Molossia	It is the Baugh family's primary place of residence and the site of Molossia 's designated capital Espera .
org:members(e1,e2)	MediaNews Group	Times	In 2003 Gannett and MediaNews Group formed a partnership between the Times and MediaNews ' New Mexico papers with Gannett as the managing partner .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Camacho	Puerto Rico	On November 20 2012 Camacho was shot and seriously wounded while sitting in a car outside a bar in his native Puerto Rico ; the driver a childhood friend was killed in the shooting .
per:cities_of_residence(e2,e1)	Brooklyn	Betty Smith	The 1943 book A Tree Grows in Brooklyn by Betty Smith uses the tree of heaven as its central metaphor using it as an analogy for the ability to thrive in a difficult environment .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	Wellington	Tranz Metro	Plimmerton Railway Station is on the North Island Main Trunk Railway ( NIMT ) in Plimmerton Porirua New Zealand and is part of Wellington 's Metlink suburban rail network operated by Tranz Metro .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Rockefeller	New York	Police first believed Rockefeller was trying to flee to Bermuda or Peru on a yacht docked in Long Island east of New York City .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Eastern Institute of Technology	New Zealand	This record was broken by students at the Eastern Institute of Technology in Hawke's Bay New Zealand in March 2005 .
no_relation	Peugeot	Sochaux	PSA start production of the EMP2 platform at Vigo plant ( in Spain ) under the upcoming 2013 C4 Picasso previewed by the Technospace concept car and the 2013 Peugeot 308 will be produced in Sochaux plant in France .
org:founded_by(e1,e2)	Zipcar	Robin Chase	Zipcar was co-founded by Antje Danielson and Robin Chase based on existing German and Swiss companies in January 2000 .
org:alternate_names(e2,e1)	ProSiebenSat .1 Media	its	Broadcaster ProSiebenSat .1 Media AG said Thursday that its fourth-quarter profit increased by 17 percent thanks to increased advertising but the figure was still short of analysts ' expectations .
no_relation	Viacom	2006	He returned to Viacom in 2006 serving on Viacom's board of directors at the start of that year .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	University	Manitoba	In 2009-2010 91 % of undergraduate students at the University of Manitoba were born in Manitoba 5 % were born in another Canadian province or territory and 4 % had moved from abroad for the purpose of study .
org:alternate_names(e2,e1)	University of California	UCSB	Bardach started the international journalism class at University of California Santa Barbara ( USCB ) and is on the board of PEN USA and UCSB 's Carsey-Wolf Center for Film Television and New Media .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Ecuador	Rafael Correa	pay for http://lactinex.net/ -------------------------- Ecuador Rafael Correa for trying to block a referendum .
org:founded_by(e2,e1)	Kurt Hahn	Gordonstoun	Brown was strongly influenced by Kurt Hahn the German educator who founded Outward Bound and Gordonstoun in Scotland .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Chadron State College	Nebraska	Chadron State College was founded in 1909 by the Nebraska Legislature to provide a higher education institution in northwest Nebraska .
org:founded_by(e1,e2)	Eagle Forum	Phyllis Schlafly	Eagle Forum - http://www.eagleforum.org -- Phyllis Schlafly is the grandmother of the ladies against women movement in America .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Abubakar Tafawa Balewa	Nigeria	The Abubakar Tafawa Balewa University was established in 1980 as Federal University of Technology Bauchi Nigeria .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Health and Human Services	Donna Shalala	At the White House former Sen. Bob Dole and former Health and Human Services Secretary Donna Shalala who were appointed Tuesday to head a commission to study military and veteran medical care met with President Bush .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	DeLonge	California	Soon after forming the band began recording its first album in DeLonge 's studio in California from mid-2005 to early 2006 .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Aftermath	Dr. Dre	Aftermath signee Dr. Dre protege and gangster rapper Slim the Mobster presents his new street album War Music powered by Crooks Castles .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Christoforos Nezer	Greece	Christoforos Nezer ( 1808-1883 ) was a Bavarian officer who settled in Greece .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Blackford High School	Indiana	Hartford City Blackford High School football team has also had some tournament success winning the Indiana state 2A football championship in 1974-75 and 1979-80 both teams were undefeated .
org:alternate_names(e1,e2)	Quebecor	Groupe TVA	On December 1 2009 the CRTC approved an application by Quebecor Media to allow a corporate reorganization through which Groupe TVA would acquire Sun Media's 25 % stake in CKXT .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Duke	NCAA	Bradley coached Duke Blue Devils men's basketball legend Dick Groat during his nine-year tenure with the Blue Devils which spanned from 1950 to 1959 and resulted in Duke 's first NCAA tournament appearances .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	University of Wyoming	Cowboys and Cowgirls	The University of Wyoming athletic teams are nicknamed the Cowboys and Cowgirls both of which use the bucking horse and rider logo on their uniforms .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Ernest Charles Drury	Ontario	On October 20 1919 Ernest Charles Drury of Crown Hill was elected Premier of Ontario in forming his Cabinet he created the Department Public Works and Highways which he promoted Frank Campbell Biggs of Wentworth County as Minister .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Thompson	Health and Human Services	When Thompson was Secretary of Health and Human Services after the 9/11 attacks he was criticized for ignoring the threat to first responders at ground zero .
no_relation	Bulls	West Virginia Mountaineers	The Bulls had just scored over the West Virginia Mountaineers and the crowd had exploded .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	Stepan Shahumyan	Baku	Another prominent Tiflis Bolshevik Stepan Shahumyan moved to Baku .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	Stewart	London	According to Stewart he found the mandolin and violin players for this song and for Maggie May in a restaurant in London .
no_relation	Elizabeth Hurley	Arun Nayar	British actress and model Elizabeth Hurley says she has separated from her Indian husband of three years Arun Nayar .
org:top_members/employees(e1,e2)	University of Hanover	Schwartz	This method has been researched by Muslims at the University of Hanover with Dr. Schwartz leading the research ( a German mind you .
per:country_of_birth(e1,e2)	Hawthorne	England	Hawthorne was born in Coventry Warwickshire England the son of Agnes Rosemary ( Rice ) and Charles Barnard Hawthorne a physician .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Kansas	Pat Roberts	In the Republican address Kansas Sen. Pat Roberts said Obama should n't have bypassed the Senate to appoint Donald Berwick as administrator of the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services the agency that administers health programs for the elderly and low-income Americans .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Anheuser-Busch	St. Louis	Anheuser-Busch has been a St. Louis icon since the mid-19th century .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Elektra	The Cars	The original manager of the rock group Boston Paul Ahern met the band at Westport's Players Tavern one evening and eventually procured a two album record deal with Joe Smith of Elektra Records currently riding a crest of popularity representing Queen The Eagles The Cars Joni Mitchell Jackson Browne and other rock royalty .
no_relation	Aftermath	Dr. Dre	Also in 1999 Aftermath released 2001 Dr. Dre 's follow-up to his 1992 album The Chronic .
org:city_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Oak Park	Oak Park and River Forest High School	Arkenberg was born and raised in Oak Park Illinois and attended Oak Park and River Forest High School .
per:origin(e1,e2)	Mikl	Austrian	Mikl 78 was considered the most important Austrian representative of the Informal style with a wide range of expression exhibited in works that spanned more than half a century .
per:country_of_birth(e1,e2)	Morales	Bolivia	Morales was born in the small rural village of Isallawi in Orinoca Canton part of western Bolivia 's Oruro Department on 26 October 1959 .
org:members(e2,e1)	Columbia University	NCAA	The 2013 Columbia Lions baseball team represents Columbia University in the 2013 NCAA Division I baseball season .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Abubakar Tafawa Balewa	Nigeria	Gobir holds a Masters degree in Electrical Engineering from the University of Detroit in the United States and a Doctorate degree in Electrical Engineering and Energy from Abubakar Tafawa Balewa University in Bauchi Nigeria .
per:cities_of_residence(e2,e1)	New York	Bayard Veiller	He was born on 23 June 1903 in New York City to Bayard Veiller and Margaret Wycherly .
per:title(e2,e1)	DJ	Armand Van Helden	Notable former students include the 2006 X Factor winner Leona Lewis Claude Von Stroke ( Dirty Bird ) Gareth Wyn ( Beyonce ) Nicole Moudaber ( Carl Cox / Space ) BBC Radio 1 DJ Tayo Armand Van Helden remixer Jahawi Gemma Cairney ( BBC 1Xtra breakfast show ) Devin ( BBC 1Xtra ) and techno DJ/producer Ryan Shaw .
per:title(e1,e2)	James Francis Edward Stuart	Prince	_______________________________ Today's selected anniversaries : 1689 : Glorious Revolution : Instead of James Francis Edward Stuart the Prince of Wales acceding to the throne his half-sister Mary and her husband William were proclaimed co-rulers of England .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Raila	Kenya	Raila 's group which also included Musalia Mudavadi William Ruto Joseph Nyagah and Najib Balala defected from ODM Kenya and took over the ODM party registered by Mugambi Imanyara while Kalonzo's group led by himself and Dr. Julia Ojiambo remained in the original ODM-Kenya .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Fort Zumwalt West High School	O'Fallon	Fort Zumwalt West High School the third high school established in the Fort Zumwalt School District is located in O'Fallon Missouri .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	VMGR-452	United States	Marine Aerial Refueler Transport Squadron 452 ( VMGR-452 ) is a reserve United States Marine Corps KC-130T squadron .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e2,e1)	Kentucky	Mitch McConnell	EARMARKS _ LOUISVILLE Ky. _ A resurgence of Kentucky 's biggest city is a result of civic vision pride tenacity _ and the impressive earmark performance of Sen. Mitch McConnell ( R ) Kentucky's longest-serving senator and the powerful Senate minority leader .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	Kimberly Burrell	Houston	Kimberly Burrell is an American gospel singer from Houston Texas .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	La Jornada	Mexico	In La Jornada ( March 7 2008 page 26 ) Carlos Fernandez-Vega pointed out that in 1991 when the privatization of Telefonos de Mexico [ 3 ] took place Carlos Slim's fortune was estimated to be $ 1.6 billion dollars ; by 2008 it had grown to $ 60 billion dollars ( a percent increase ) .
org:members(e2,e1)	Kuomintang	Republic of China	Since 1927 after Sun Yat-sen decided to copy the USSR political system Chiang Kai-shek used the Kuomintang to control and operate the Republic of China government and the Nationalist Revolutionary Army .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Odinga	Kenya	Kibaki of the Kikuyu tribe and Odinga of the Luo tribe were supported by the two largest ethnic groups in Kenya .
no_relation	1993	party	In 1993 support for the Progressive Conservative Party collapsed and the party 's representation in the House of Commons dropped from an absolute majority of seats to only two seats .
no_relation	UWIC	University of Wales	However UWIC formally ended its association with the University of Wales and was renamed Cardiff Metropolitan University in November 2011 .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	them	Stax	who structured an agreement for them to record in Memphis with Stax Records .
per:spouse(e1,e2)	Catherine of Valois	Henry	Isabella's younger sister Catherine of Valois was Queen consort of England from 1420 1422 as the wife of King Henry V of England and mother of Henry VI King of England .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	Wellington Webb	Denver	The exhibits include the desk that Wellington Webb used during his term as Denver 's mayor .
org:founded(e1,e2)	College	1859	After formal negotiations were successfully concluded between the Bishop and the Society of Jesus both in Ireland and in Rome St Munchin's College became a Jesuit-run school on 10 March 1859 .
per:alternate_names(e1,e2)	Neal Hargrove	Reno Riggins	Neal Hargrove known by his ring name Reno Riggins is an American professional wrestler who has competed in Southeastern independent promotions including the United States Wrestling Association and the National Wrestling Alliance during the 1990s .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Nodar Vladimirovich Khashba	Abkhazia	Nodar Vladimirovich Khashba ( ; born 1951 in Tkvarcheli ) is a former prime minister of Georgia's breakaway republic of Abkhazia and a former mayor of Sukhumi .
per:title(e2,e1)	President	Ilham Aliyev	On Saturday Azerbaijani news agencies quoted President Ilham Aliyev as saying that Baku has the right to retake Nagorny Karabakh by force if ongoing peace talks fail to produce any results .
per:spouse(e1,e2)	Jon Bon Jovi	Dorothea	The video also features Jon Bon Jovi 's wife of 22 years Dorothea .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Daniel Akaka	Hawaii	With the support of Senators Daniel Inouye and Daniel Akaka of Hawaii Congress passed a joint resolution called the Apology Resolution ( US Public Law 103-150 ) .
no_relation	competition	Australia	The competition became the Mobil League in the early 1990s but when it continued to struggle Netball Australia decided to terminate it and look at setting up a permanent national league .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e2,e1)	Connecticut	Prescott Bush	Before Weicker the last Republican to represent Connecticut in the Senate was Prescott Bush the father of former President George H.W. Bush and the grandfather of former President George W. Bush .
org:alternate_names(e1,e2)	Deutsche Telekom	AG	Unlike other transmitting towers the Bremerhaven facility belongs to the Bremerhaven Water and Shipping department and not Deutsche Telekom AG or a broadcasting corporation .
per:title(e1,e2)	James Hunter	singer	James Hunter ( born 2 October 1962 Colchester Essex ) is a Grammy Award-nominated English musician and soul singer .
org:founded(e1,e2)	World Wind Energy Association	2001	The World Wind Energy Association WWEA was founded in 2001 as an international organisation for the worldwide promotion of wind energy and has a broad societal representation and interest in wind energy utilization across the world .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	John McEwen	Australia	In 1938 Connellan had conducted two aerial surveys of the Northern Territory and after discussion with John McEwen the then responsible Federal Minister undertook a fortnightly mail run between Alice Springs and Wyndham Western Australia .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	Health Sciences Centre	Vancouver General Hospital	Vancouver Hospital and Health Sciences Centre is composed of five sites : Vancouver General Hospital UBC Hospital GF Strong Rehab Centre and George Pearson Centre .
per:alternate_names(e2,e1)	Liberal	Wayne Easter	When told about a new death in Prince Edward Island he said Please tell me it's ( Liberal agriculture critic ) Wayne Easter .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	SWV	RCA	SWV 's Greatest Hits ( RCA ) album contains all of their biggest hits .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	McGill University	Montreal	Nahum Sonenberg is a microbiologist and biochemist originally from Israel and currently professor of biochemistry at the McGill University in Montreal Canada .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	He	Belgrade	He finished the First Belgrade Gymnasium in 1885 and afterwards enrolled at the natural science-mathematical section of the Faculty of Philosophy in Belgrade .
org:city_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Chicago	Chicago and Eastern Illinois Railroad	The town was situated along a north/south rail line constructed through Benton County in the 1880s originally operated as the Chicago and Great Southern Railway and later as the Chicago and Indiana Coal Railway the Chicago and Eastern Illinois Railroad and ultimately the Chicago Attica and Southern Railroad which maintained the line until its abandonment in the 1940s .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Ministry for the Environment	New Zealand	The accord was signed in 2004 between the Packaging Council the Ministry for the Environment Local Government New Zealand and Recycling Operators of New Zealand .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Jeff Sessions	Alabama	On the recommendation of Senators Jeff Sessions and Richard Shelby Granade was nominated to the United States District Court for the Southern District of Alabama by President George W. Bush on September 4 .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Cyprus	Cyprus National Football Team	The hosts emerged as winners in the final match played against Northern Cyprus ( for the first time Northern Cyprus National Football Team did not emerge as winner in a non-Fifa tournament they took part ) .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Indonesia	Megawati	Indonesia 's first direct presidential poll in 2004 saw Megawati trounced by Yudhoyono a former minister in her cabinet .
per:country_of_birth(e1,e2)	Cruz	Cuba	Born in 1925 Cruz rose to stardom in the 1950s with Afro-Cuban group La Sonora Matancera but left Cuba after the 1959 revolution .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	Lanka Hospitals Corporation PLC	Apollo Hospitals	In November 2006 Sri Lanka Insurance acquired Lanka Hospitals Corporation PLC which owns and operates Apollo Hospitals Colombo a 350 bed state of art health care facility .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Parkash Singh Badal	Shiromani Akali Dal	As Lal started his career from a grassroots level worker of the party but was lured by Parkash Singh Badal to join the Shiromani Akali Dal party after the demise of his political guru Beant Singh and his close associate S. Harcharan Singh Ajnala .
org:city_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Shueisha	Weekly Shnen Jum	Written by Tsugumi Ohba and drawn by Takeshi Obata Bakuman was serialized in Shueisha 's Weekly Shnen Jum p magazine from its premiere on August 11 2008 to its end on April 23 2012 .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	England	Imperial Tobacco	Golden Virginia is a rolling tobacco manufactured in Nottingham England by Imperial Tobacco and sold throughout Europe .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	Prentice	Calgary	In the 1986 Alberta Provincial Election Prentice ran for the Progressive Conservatives in Calgary Mountain View being defeated by NDP candidate Bob Hawkesworth .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Joseph Goebbels	Public Enlightenment and Propaganda	From 1933 to 1937 this funding came from Joseph Goebbels ' Reich Ministry for Public Enlightenment and Propaganda .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Winger	Frontiers	Their self-titled debut album produced by Kip Winger was released by Frontiers Records the same year .
no_relation	National Patriotic	Charles Taylor	Fighting began in late 1989 and by early 1990 several hundred deaths had already occurred in confrontations between government forces and fighters who claimed membership in an opposition group the National Patriotic Front of Liberia ( NPFL ) led by a former government official Mr. Charles Taylor .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Baldwin	Conservative	Baldwin under pressure to resign as Leader of the Conservative Party toyed with the idea of resigning his safe Worcestershire seat of Bewdley and contesting the by-election himself .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Yoshitoshi	Edo	The public enjoyed these prints and Yoshitoshi began to move up in the ranks of ukiyo-e artists in Edo .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	DONG Energy	Denmark	In 1961-1962 NWK collaborated with the Danish utility Det Jyskfynske Elsamarbedje ( ELSAM ; now DONG Energy ) in the completion of the 220kV link from Flensburg to Aabenraa in Denmark : a further link between the power station at Schilling and Audorf was also under construction .
org:city_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Grand Haven	Alter	The Hamilton Motors Company was founded in 1917 by Guy Hamilton after his Grand Haven Michigan Alter Motor Car Company went bankrupt .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Taiwan Cooperative Bank	Taiwan	After graduating from Meiho he joined Taiwan Cooperative Bank Baseball Team a team in Taiwan 's amateur league .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Nick Griffin	British National Party	Nick Griffin Chairman of the British National Party speaks at Clemson University 10/24/07 .
org:top_members/employees(e1,e2)	ASU	Kenneth E. Peacock	The students proceeded to carry the goalpost over a mile before depositing it in the front yard of ASU Chancellor Kenneth E. Peacock .
per:origin(e2,e1)	Greek	Konstantinos Karamanlis	Kostas Karamanlis a nephew of former Greek President Konstantinos Karamanlis was born in Athens and studied at University of Athens Law School and at the private Deree College continuing with postgraduate studies in the Fletcher School of Law and Diplomacy at Tufts University in the United States where he gained a master's degree and a doctorate in political sciences international relations and diplomatic history .
no_relation	I	Arista	I knew that doing a Latin album of original material was going to be an amazing project . . but Clive and the guys at Arista were not interested at all he added .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Workman	Canada	Workman 's second album was released in 2001 through Isadora Records/Universal Music Canada .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Pulte Homes	USA	The region is the headquarters for Pulte Homes one of the USA 's largest home builders and Taubman Centers one of the USA's largest shopping mall developers .
org:founded_by(e1,e2)	The Freedom Association	John Gouriet	The Freedom Association was founded in 1975 as the National Association for Freedom ( NAFF ) by the Viscount De L'Isle Norris McWhirter Ross McWhirter and John Gouriet .
per:country_of_birth(e1,e2)	Ben Chifley	Australia	The incumbent Australian Labor Party led by Prime Minister of Australia Ben Chifley defeated the newly formed opposition Liberal Party of Australia ( descended from the United Australia Party ) led by its founder Robert Menzies with coalition partner the Country Party led by Arthur Fadden with Labor also retaining control of the Senate .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Hans Theodor Bucherer	University of Munich University of Karlsruhe	Hans Theodor Bucherer ( 1869 1949 ) was a German chemist and gave name to several chemical reactions for example the Bucherer carbazole synthesis the Bucherer reaction and the Bucherer Bergs reaction Bucherer started studying chemistry at the University of Munich University of Karlsruhe and later with Johannes Wislicenus at the University of Leipzig .
per:country_of_birth(e1,e2)	Simmons	Israel	Simmons ' legal name after arriving from Israel is Gene Klein .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Governorate	Giovanni Lajolo	In May 2006 Dede Reshat received the President of the Governorate of Vatican City State Cardinal Giovanni Lajolo at the Mother Tekke in Tirana .
per:cities_of_residence(e2,e1)	Milan	Silvio Berlusconi	Milan is traditionally a right-wing stronghold the homeland of Silvio Berlusconi 's party ( to which Moratti belongs ) as well as a symbol of the alliance between Berlusconi and Umberto Bossi's Lega Nord a party that promotes a greater independence of Northern Italy .
org:alternate_names(e1,e2)	Fiji Teachers Union	FTU	Agni Deo Singh is an Indo-Fijian teacher who has risen through the ranks of the Fiji Teachers Union ( FTU ) to become its general secretary .
no_relation	team	Forza	With the development of professionalism Casale was progressively relegated to lower divisions 1934 being their last year in Serie A. Five players who appeared in the scudetto-winning team of 1913 14 played in the Italian national team all making their international debuts between 1912 and 1914 : Forza Azzurri Statistics Clubs : Profiles C-E Casale biggest star however was the full back Umberto Caligaris whose career with the club ran from 1919 to 1928 .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Kenya	Jomo Kenyatta	Kenya 's first president Jomo Kenyatta appointed most of his Kikuyu tribesmen to top government jobs fomenting resentment from other tribes .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	The Wailers	Bob Marley	The Wailers at this time contained Bob Marley Bunny Wailer Peter Tosh Junior Braithwaite Cherry Smith and Beverley Kelso .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Italy	Giuliano Amato	In Italy the Interior Minister Giuliano Amato announced that he was setting up two task forces composed of judges police and border guards to combat the trade and demanded that those caught piloting the boats should get jail terms .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	Alaska	Alaska Air National Guard	The AK National Guard is Alaska 's component of the United States National Guard and comprises the Alaska Army National Guard and the Alaska Air National Guard .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Ed Schafer	Agriculture	Now that people realize their children have been eating beef from the Hallmark/Westland Meat Company through the National School Lunch Program Ed Schafer the new Agriculture Secretary has the perfect storm on his hands .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Jeanne III of Navarre	France	Approximately a year after the lead image ( in the information box ) that was painted by Jean Clouet on 16 November 1528 Marguerite gave birth to a daughter by Henry the future Jeanne III of Navarre who became the mother of the future Henry IV of France .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Ecuador	Rafael Correa	It's with him we are breaking diplomatic relations Ortega said at a news conference alongside his leftist counterpart Ecuador 's Rafael Correa .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	Frontier Force Regiment	Army	By the Sovereign Command Grant of the dignity of an Additional Member of the Military Division of the Order of the British Empire to Captain ( acting Major ) Mian Hayaud Din I.A. Major ( Temporary ) Mian Hayaud Din MBE ( A.I. 97 ) 12th Frontier Force Regiment - Indian Army On 28 February 1945 Major HAYAUD DIN 9th/12th Frontier Force Regiment was commanding his battalion during the capture of YEZIN and INYA .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	Cosmote	OTE	The use of mobile phones spread fast in Albania since Albanian Mobile Communications was bought in 1998 from Greece's Cosmote which is owned by OTE Greece's telecommunications company .
org:founded_by(e2,e1)	Mikhail Fridman	Alfa Group	The Russian investors comprising Mikhail Fridman 's Alfa Group Viktor Vekselberg's Renova and Len Blavatnik's Access have earlier this year called on the oil company to cut spending by $ 900 million a proposal which was fiercely resisted by BP .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	his	United States	Of his majority opinions only forty-one were appealed to the United States Supreme Court ; nine were granted and four were reversed .
org:top_members/employees(e2,e1)	R. J. Mitchell	Supermarine	The Spitfire was designed as a short-range high-performance interceptor aircraft by R. J. Mitchell chief designer at Supermarine Aviation Works ( which operated as a subsidiary of Vickers-Armstrong from 1928 ) .
no_relation	April 2008	Premier Inn	In April 2008 Whitbread announced a 100 million expansion of its Premier Inn hotel chain in London over the next three years .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Antonio Saca	El Salvador	President Elias Antonio Saca described the pact as of historic importance and said it is El Salvador 's first such deal with a country outside the Americas the embassy said in a press release .
no_relation	Cambodia	Lon Nol	The savage US bombing of Cambodia the corruption of the Lon Nol regime and the unwillingness of the administration of US president Richard Nixon to talk to Sihanouk who had taken refuge in Beijing as well as changes in the leadership of China after prime minister Zhou Enlai's death all catapulted the Khmer Rouge to victory in April 1975 .
no_relation	Netinho de Paula	TV da Gente	Also Netinho de Paula garnered controversy on the night of TV da Gente 's inauguration when he physically attacked a comic reporter Rodrigo Scarpa ( known as Vesgo in the TV show na TV ) .
org:founded_by(e1,e2)	Yukos	Mikhail Khodorkovsky	Once Russia's largest oil producer Yukos became the focus of a series of tax fraud inquiries from 2003 that have since bankrupted the company and left its founder Mikhail Khodorkovsky in jail .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	his	Connecticut	Senator Dodd received a $ reduction in mortgage payments from Countrywide at allegedly below-market rates on his Washington D.C. and Connecticut homes .
org:members(e1,e2)	Joint	Joint Force Headquarters National Capital Region	USNORTHCOM is composed of several standing Joint Task Forces ( JTFs ) previously assigned to United States Joint Forces Command ( USJFCOM ) : Joint Force Headquarters National Capital Region Joint Task Force-Civil Support Joint Task Force Alaska and Joint Task Force North .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Israel Defense Forces	Israel	A spokeswoman for the Israel Defense Forces ( IDF ) told Xinhua that the rocket struck a building inside Niram a community in Israel 's western Negev area but causing no injuries .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Washington Hospital Center	Washington	Treatment was unsuccessful and he died of a pulmonary embolism at the Washington Hospital Center in Washington D.C. Gerald R. Warren Nixon's deputy press secretary stated that President Nixon was deeply saddened by the news .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Disney	Burbank	Using the profits from Snow White Disney financed the construction of a new studio complex in Burbank California .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	New Jersey Medical School	UMDNJ	HUMC is affiliated with the New Jersey Medical School of UMDNJ ( University of Medicine and Dentistry of New Jersey ) .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Interior	Wilhelm Frick	In this role Himmler was nominally subordinate to Interior Minister Wilhelm Frick .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	Glenn Gould	Toronto	Appearances included Glenn Gould ( Toronto Canada ) Peter Ustinov ( Leningrad Russia ) Elie Wiesel ( Jerusalem Israel ) George Plimpton ( New York City United States ) and Mai Zetterling ( Stockholm Sweden ) .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Vietnam	Ho Chi Minh	This is Intel's biggest project in Vietnam since it opened its first office in Ho Chi Minh City in 1997 .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Sinn Sisamouth	Cambodia	The music of crooner Sinn Sisamouth and Ros Sereysothea from the 1960s to the 1970s is considered to be the classic pop music of Cambodia .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	his	Brooklyn	On 31 October 2007 in an official mail-out Murdoc said that Russel is exploring his inner demons somewhere in Brooklyn .
no_relation	Ottawa	Wilfrid Laurier	Annual invitational tournaments held in Canada include the McGill University Winter Carnival the Queen University Chancellor Cup the Carleton University Lord Dorchester Cup the University of Toronto Hart House IV the University of Ottawa Father Guindon Cup and the Wilfrid Laurier University/University of Waterloo Seagram Cup .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Vanity Fair	United States	He is said to have paid $ for the right to use the title Vanity Fair in the United States but it is unknown whether the right was granted by an earlier English publication or some other source .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	Sri Lanka Police	Special Task Force	The riot was organized by several Ex-Military personnel of the Sri Lanka Army.The Situation became more tense as the Sri Lanka Police Special Task Force ( STF ) was unable to take control over the inmates.The inmates later broke into the prison armoury and took more than 80 sub machine guns and took the control of the whole Welikada prison.Since the STF was unable of controlling the situation they had to come out of the prison and wait along the prison wall.The inmates were holding the prison premises for nearly 12 hours .
no_relation	Jakarta	Sukarno	Soviet Premier Nikita Khrushchev paid a return visit to Jakarta and Bali in 1960 where Khrushchev awarded Sukarno with the Lenin Peace Prize .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	G-Unit	Banks	In an interview with Shade45's G-Unit Radio with Miss Mimi Banks confirmed that new producers would also be on the project ; including Cardiak Buda Da Future and Nick Speed .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	Desmond	San Francisco	But Desmond came to his home in San Francisco one day while Dave was out back hanging diapers on a laundry line and Iola let him in and took him to Brubeck .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Melbourn Village College	Cambridgeshire	He is also the History Link-Up Governor at Melbourn Village College in Cambridgeshire .
no_relation	Vietnam	Ho Chi Minh	The program will be held in Vietnam 's big cities including the capital city of Hanoi Ho Chi Minh City Danang and Can Tho .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Great Eastern Life	Singapore	Incorporated in 1908 Great Eastern Life Assurance Co Ltd claims to be the oldest and most established life insurance company in Singapore and Malaysia .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Charter Communications	MO	OrgName : Charter Communications OrgID : CC04 Address : 12405 Powerscourt Dr. City : St. Louis StateProv : MO PostalCode : 63131 Country : US NetRange : 97.80.0.0 - 97.95.255.255 CIDR : 97.80.0.0 / 12 NetName : NETBLK-CHARTER-NET NetHandle : NET-97-80-0-0-1 Parent : NET-97-0-0-0-0 NetType : Direct Allocation NameServer : NS1 .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	the Hartt School	West Hartford	Andrew Joseph Pergiovanni ( born 29 January 1985 ) is an American composer currently pursuing graduate degrees at the Hartt School of Music in West Hartford CT .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Ontario	Marie Bountrogianni	Critics mentioned that the federal government had interfered in provincial jurisdictions while Ontario 's Intergovermental Affairs Minister Marie Bountrogianni cited the deal as a photo-op and an insignificant contribution to the health system .
org:founded_by(e1,e2)	B4U	Lakshmi Mittal	B4U is one of the world's leading Bollywood television networks that was formed and jointly owned by Indian steel magnate Lakshmi Mittal movie producer Kishore Lulla and London-based industrialist Gokul Binani .
no_relation	United Arab Emirates	Abu Dhabi University	Service industries such as car sales mechanics and other artisans are located in the area known as Sanaiya and Pattan Market.Social and governmental infrastructure includes United Arab Emirates University Higher Colleges of Technology Abu Dhabi University ( Al Ain campus ) well-equipped medical facilities including the teaching hospital at Tawam military training areas and Al Ain International Airport .
no_relation	AIM	6	New Zealand Children's Book of the Year Award '' ( 1982 8 ) ; '' AIM Book of the Year '' ( 1995 6 ) ; '' New Zealand Post Children's Book of the Year '' ( 1997 ) The Children's Choice award is chosen from the finalists in all categories below by a public vote open to school aged children and is considered one of the highest accolades in the awards .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Seconds	Kevin Seconds	Dead Kennedys frontman Jello Biafra local Shock Jock Dennis Erectus 7 Seconds vocalist Kevin Seconds and Deadbolt and Swamp Angel bassist R.A. MacLean often played heel managers at ISW shows .
per:alternate_names(e2,e1)	Alberto R. Gonzales	his	Senate Democrats said on Friday that they intend to bring a no - confidence resolution against Attorney General Alberto R. Gonzales to a vote on Monday a symbolic maneuver that could be their final effort to force his ouster .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Columbia	Clarence White	While the original quintet prepared to record the reunion album the existing Columbia line-up of The Byrds featuring McGuinn Clarence White Skip Battin and John Guerin continued to make concert appearances in the United States .
org:alternate_names(e2,e1)	Marshall Mathers	Eminem	First you had all the pop stars openly talking about their multiple personalities ( Beyonce - Sasha Fierce ; Janet Jackson - Strawberry and a host of others according to her ; Britney Spears - Mona ; Mariah Carey - Mimi ; Marshall Mathers - Eminem Slim Shady and so on the list is endless . . ) Now you have the TV shows revolving around it - My Own Worst Enemy United States of Tara etc. normalizing and promoting it as cool .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Collins	Maine	Collins faces a tough race for re-election in Maine and serves as a co-chairwoman of McCain's Maine campaign .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	Rhode Island Hospital	Brown University	de la Monte SM Neusner A Chu J Lawton M. Departments of Pathology Clinical Neuroscience and Medicine Rhode Island Hospital and the Warren Alpert Medical School of Brown University Providence Rhode Island USA .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Royal Canadian Mint	Ottawa	Some of these places include Art Gallery of Ontario located in Toronto and the Royal Canadian Mint in Ottawa .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Illinois	Parkland College	The Top 2009 Employers of the county are the University of Illinois Carle Clinic Association Carle Foundation Hospital Champaign Schools Unit 4 Kraft Foods Provena Covenant Medical Parkland College Kirby Foods Christie Clinic Association Urbana Schools District and Hobbico .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Nepal	Prachanda	Ban is on a two-day visit to Nepal at the invitation of Prime Minister Prachanda .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Rangoon	Ne Win	He was one of those responsible for the Rangoon University Student Union massacre on 7 July 1962 when 130 university students protesting against General Ne Win 's coup d'etat were killed and the Student Union building dynamited the next day .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Shapley	Princeton University	Post-graduation Shapley received a fellowship to Princeton University for graduate work where he studied under Henry Norris Russell and used the period-luminosity relation for Cepheid variable stars ( discovered by Henrietta Swan Leavitt ) to determine distances to globular clusters .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Greece	Emporiki Bank	Bank of Cyprus the largest company on the stock market and also listed on the Athens bourse made a failed bid last year to acquire Greece 's state-controlled Emporiki Bank in an offer valued at 3.8 billion euros ( 2.2 billion pounds 5 billion dollars ) .
no_relation	African	Gregory Olsen	His visit was followed by four others ; the first African in Space Mark Shuttleworth ( South African/British ) in April and May of 2002 ; Gregory Olsen ( American ) in October 2005 ; Anousheh Ansari ( Iranian/American ) in September 2006 ; and Charles Simonyi ( Hungarian/American ) in April 2007 .
org:members(e2,e1)	West Virginia University	NCAA	The 1986 West Virginia Mountaineers football team represented West Virginia University in the 1986 NCAA Division I-A football season .
org:founded(e1,e2)	Dungeon of Doom	1995	The Dungeon of Doom was the name of a heel professional wrestling stable in World Championship Wrestling ( WCW ) that existed from 1995 to 1997 .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	University of Northern Colorado	Colorado	He was the head coach at University of Northern Colorado in Greeley Colorado from 1985 until 1988 .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Gulbarga University	Gulbarga	Gulbarga University is a public university located in Gulbarga Karnataka India .
org:founded(e2,e1)	1929	Southern Vectis	Dodsons soon became The Vectis Bus Company and in 1929 the company was bought by Southern Railway and became the Southern Vectis Omnibus Co .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Vic Toews	Treasury Board	Meanwhile former House Leader Rob Nicholson was named attorney general replacing Vic Toews who moved to the Treasury Board .
org:city_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Las Vegas	Wynn Resorts	The entire Boulder Strip market ( gaming and non-gaming ) is a little smaller than the revenue generated by the Las Vegas properties of Wynn Resorts .
org:alternate_names(e1,e2)	Japan Aerospace Exploration Agency	JAXA	The Japan Aerospace Exploration Agency ( JAXA ) began developing the Epsilon in 2007 .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Yrigoyen	Argentina	Yrigoyen Partido is a district in Buenos Aires Province it is located near the centre of the province in central Argentina at coordinates The provincial subdivision has a population of inhabitants in an area of and its head city is Henderson which is located from Buenos Aires .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	his	New York	Through negotiations by his son Nelson in 1946 he bought for $ 8.5 million - from the major New York real estate developer William Zeckendorf - and then donated the land along the East River in Manhattan upon which the United Nations headquarters was built .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Chicago	Peter Cetera	Just You 'N' Me is a song written by James Pankow for the group Chicago and recorded for their album Chicago VI ( 1973 ) with Peter Cetera singing lead vocals .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Locus Computing Corporation	Gerald J. Popek	Locus Computing Corporation was formed in 1982 by Gerald J. Popek to commercialize the technologies developed for the LOCUS distributed operating system at UCLA .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Royal Gibraltar Regiment	Gibraltar	The Royal Gibraltar Regiment is the home defence unit for the British overseas territory of Gibraltar .
per:country_of_birth(e2,e1)	Italy	Vittorio Gassman	His paternal grandfather had been an actor in Italy and instilled an interest in the art on the young Jorge as did a performance by Italian silver screen legend Vittorio Gassman .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	gravity	Canada	gravity is a rock band from Montreal Quebec Canada .
no_relation	1966	Seattle Chamber of Commerce	She owned one of Seattle's great mansions ( 2106 E. Madison Street demolished in 1966 ) and contributed liberally to projects sponsored by the Seattle Chamber of Commerce .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Rogers Cable	Ontario	In 2012 Rogers Cable filed a complaint in an Ontario court against penalties levied under a ' Truth in Advertising ' law claiming that the amount of the penalties and the requirements imposed by the law are in violation of the Charter of Rights and Freedoms .
org:alternate_names(e2,e1)	Iowa	UNI	Last year Northern Iowa ( UNI ) was ranked No. 1 in the FCS until a loss to Delaware in the FCS playoffs .
org:founded_by(e1,e2)	IETV	Israeli Ministry of Education	IETV was established in 1965 as a joint project of the Israeli Ministry of Education and the Rothschild Fund .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Hesburger	Turku	He later opened the first Hesburger in 1980 in Turku which became the first element of the first fast food restaurant chain in Finland .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Iran	MIO	Still the United States continued to sell large amounts of weapons to Iran until the 1979 Islamic Revolution.A Code of Conduct for Weapons Sales Video Transcript In an early effort to overhaul Iran 's military capabilities Mohammad Reza Shah ordered the creation of the Military Industries Organization ( MIO ) .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Romania	Gheorghe Gheorghiu-Dej	Apostol had become a communist in the 1930s when the party was still illegal in Romania and he served as a close ally of the Communist leader at the time Gheorghe Gheorghiu-Dej .
org:members(e2,e1)	Fremantle Football Club	Australian Football League	Bertie Frederick Cooper ( c. 1892 31 August 1916 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played 83 games for the South Fremantle Football Club in the West Australian Football League between 1910 and 1915 captaining the team in 1913 and 1915 .
no_relation	Georgia	Shevardnadze	All sides made mistakes on Georgia : Shevardnadze .
per:spouse(e2,e1)	Megan Mullally	Nick Offerman	Their date scenes marked the second on-screen pairing between a Parks and Recreation actor and their real-life spouse ; Megan Mullally the wife of actor Nick Offerman guest starred as Ron Swanson's ex-wife Tammy in the episode Ron and Tammy .
per:origin(e2,e1)	Thai	Banharn Silpa-archa	The establishment followed a rupture in the Thai Nation Party whose leadership around Somboon Rahong and secretary general Banharn Silpa-archa had stood at the side of the military junta ( NPKC ) during the popular protests and bloody crackdown of Black May .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Hackenschmidt	England	Hackenschmidt also defeated European Greco-Roman Champion Tom Cannon on September 4 1902 in Liverpool England to become the first undisputed World Heavyweight Champion .
org:founded(e1,e2)	York High School	2007	York High School is a secondary school in York North Yorkshire England which was formed in 2007 by the merger of Oaklands School and Lowfield School .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Urho Kekkonen	Finland	The Paasikivi-Kekkonen line is president Urho Kekkonen ( 1956-1981 ) realization and development of his predecessor Paasikivi doctrine aimed at Finland survival as an independent sovereign democratic and capitalist country in the immediate proximity of the Soviet Union .
per:origin(e2,e1)	Nigeria	Sani Abacha	Nigeria also fought a long battle against the family of late dictator Sani Abacha through Swiss courts to secure the return of about 700 million dollars he siphoned away from the Nigerian central bank .
no_relation	Georgia	Regents University	This resulted in a Save the A campaign the avoid the new Georgia Regents University at Augusta name .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	He	University of Stockholm	He earned his doctorate in physics from the University of Stockholm in 1944 .
no_relation	Ernest Bai Koroma	Sierra Leone	Ernest Bai Koroma was sworn in as Sierra Leone 's new president on Monday for the next five years after winning a tense runoff vote .
per:cities_of_residence(e2,e1)	Brooklyn	Paley	Returning to Brooklyn in the early 1990s Paley continued writing and began performing solo in rock clubs on the Lower East Side singing his songs and playing a 1955 Gretsch archtop guitar plugged into a 1965 Fender Super Reverb amplifier .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Roger Hodgson	Supertramp	The first part of an intended trilogy Excalibur La des Celtes blended musical styles and was performed by Roger Hodgson ( Supertramp ) Fairport Convention Dan Ar Braz Tri Yann Angelo Branduardi Didier Lockwood Gabriel Yacoub .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	John Lennon	The Quarrymen	2009 - Woolton Picture House become the set for the film Nowhere Boy a biopic of John Lennon 's adolescence and the creation of his first band The Quarrymen and its evolution into the Beatles .
org:top_members/employees(e1,e2)	Gome Electrical Appliances	Huang Guangyu	Gome Electrical Appliances Holdings Ltd. said Thursday that two representatives of billionaire Huang Guangyu would be added to the 11-member board allowing the firm to move forward in a constructive and consensual manner .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	mega	Greece	On 10 February 2009 it was revealed by the Greek networks mega ( ERT ) and MAD TV ( Greece ) that Porteilis along with fellow Greek-Australian songwriter and record executive Cameron Giles-Webb have written the lyrics to two songs called Right on Time and This is Our Night for Greek superstar Sakis Rouvas as two of three potential candidates that will compete in the Greek National Final where both the public and a professional jury will vote on 18 February to select Rouvas ' entry to represent Greece in the Eurovision Song Contest 2009 in Moscow .
per:cities_of_residence(e2,e1)	London	Gemma Jones	In the film as the marriage of a London couple ( Anthony Hopkins and Gemma Jones ) unravels the wife seeks comfort in the supernatural which has unforeseen consequences on the marriage of her daughter ( Naomi Watts ) and her husband ( Josh Brolin ) .
org:founded(e1,e2)	Brazilian Catholic Apostolic Church	1945	As mentioned above and very widely documented elsewhere a retired Roman Catholic Bishop called Carlos Duarte Costa ( 1888 1961 ) founded the Brazilian Catholic Apostolic Church ( Igreja Brasileira ) in 1945 informally referred to as the Brazilian Church or the Brazilian National Church .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Energy	Samuel Bodman	Earlier this month U.S. Energy Secretary Samuel Bodman announced plans to invest an additional US$ 200 million ( euro149 million ) over five years to help companies develop smaller biorefineries .
per:cities_of_residence(e2,e1)	Central America	guzman	During his brief administration he restored relations with the rest of Central America which had been broken with guzman 's rise to power and had even led to an alliance by them against his administration .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Mikhail Gorbachev	Communist Party	Gennady Yanayev a leader of the abortive 1991 Soviet coup who briefly declared himself president replacing Mikhail Gorbachev has died at age 73 Russia's Communist Party announced Friday .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Keren Woodward	Bananarama	Singer Keren Woodward of Bananarama is 47 .
org:founded_by(e1,e2)	PETA	Ingrid Newkirk	Tobias ' most recent book God's Country : The New Zealand Factor ( co-authored with Jane Gray Morrison ) with a Foreword by PETA President Co-Founder Ingrid Newkirk is a 600-page examination of the first decade of the 21st century through the lens of ecology biodiversity economics and ethics and offers formidable considerations for new and revolutionary sustainability in the combining of a moral compass with governance and biology .
org:founded_by(e1,e2)	Medway School of Pharmacy	Kent	Medway School of Pharmacy was established as a collaboration between the British universities of Kent and Greenwich in response to shortage of qualified pharmacists in the south east of England .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Bulgaria	Sergey Stanishev	Bulgaria 's government has decided to lift the state guarantee for bank deposits to euros ( dollars ) Prime Minister Sergey Stanishev said on Thursday insisting however that the country's banking system was stable .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Cuba	Gerardo Machado	Among them are Walker Evans ' grim images of Havana street life included in Carleton Beals ' 1933 book The Crime of Cuba a lament for ordinary people living under the dictatorship of Gerardo Machado y Morales ( 1925-1933 ) .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	Catholic University of Leuven	Katholieke Universiteit Leuven	The city was built to house the Catholique de Louvain ; following the linguistic quarrels that took place in Belgium during the 1960s and Flemish claims of discrimination at the Catholic University of Leuven the institution was split into the Dutch language Katholieke Universiteit Leuven which remained in Leuven and the Catholique de Louvain .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Sun Yat-sen University	Guangzhou	Kaim is an adjunct professor at the Northern Illinois University in DeKalb ( US/IL 2003 ) and has been visiting professor at the Sun Yat-sen University in Guangzhou ( China 2005 ) and guest professor at the Universidad de Chile in Santiago ( Chile 2006 ) University of ( Chile 2007 ) and the Indian Institute of Technology Bombay ( India 2008 ) .
org:top_members/employees(e1,e2)	Al-Quds University	Sari Nusseibeh	It is not surprising therefore that even the Palestinian Al-Quds University in Jerusalem headed by Sari Nusseibeh released a statement against the British association blacklist saying We are informed by the principle that we should seek to win Israelis over to our side not to win against them . . Therefore informed by this national duty we believe it is in our interest to build bridges not walls ; to reach out to the Israeli academic institutions not to impose another restriction or dialogue-block on ourselves .
no_relation	Mahathir Mohamad	Malaysia	By Dr. Mahathir Mohamad and Former Prime Minister of Malaysia * [ image : cid :2.2955265 . . @web30406 .
org:founded(e1,e2)	Middlesbrough Bears	1939	The Middlesbrough Bears were a British speedway team which operated under various names from 1939 until their closure in 1996 .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Wake Forest University	North Carolina	The study's leader Dr. Stephen Peters of Wake Forest University Baptist Medical Center in North Carolina said that since his team did not have access to Glaxo's drug they bought it from a third-party supplier and hired another company to make the placebo -- at a cost of $ .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Polydor	he	In 1971 when Brown signed with Polydor Records he and Byrd formed the label People issuing several records by other artists including Byrd himself who recorded the funk hit I Know You Got Soul .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	She	Ohio	She later moved to Shaker Heights Ohio and was initially a member of a group named Spoiled .
org:top_members/employees(e1,e2)	Kenya Airways	Titus Naikuni	Furthermore Kenya Airways Group Managing Director Titus Naikuni said in Nairobi that local people had led rescuers to the crash site .
org:founded(e2,e1)	2006	Kollektivtransportproduksjon	The company was created on July 1 2006 and took the name Oslo Sporveier from what was then renamed Kollektivtransportproduksjon ( Public Transport Production ) that was responsible for operations .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Venezuela	Hugo	CARACAS Venezuela April 9 With President Hugo setting a May 1 deadline for an ambitious plan to wrest control of several major oil projects from American and European companies a showdown is looming here over access to some of the most coveted energy resources outside the Middle East .
org:members(e2,e1)	Orange	Big East	The Orange finished the season 4 8 and 1 6 in Big East play .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Ely Ould Mohamed Vall	Mauritania	Liberia's President Ellen Johnson Sirleaf was there and also Col. Ely Ould Mohamed Vall the leader of a military junta which led a coup in Mauritania two years ago then turned over the country to a democratically elected government .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Venezuela	Hugo	The Universidad Bolivariana de Venezuela ( UBV ) is a state university in Venezuela founded in 2003 by decree of President Hugo .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Alabama	Miles College	Mitty Collier was born in Birmingham Alabama the seventh child of Rufus and Gertrude Collier and attended Western-Olin High School Alabama A M College and Miles College where she majored in English.Biography at More Like Christ church website She began singing in church as a teenager and toured with gospel groups the Hayes Ensemble and the Lloyd Reese Singers before starting to sing rhythm and blues in local clubs to help subsidise her college education .
no_relation	Rye Country Day School	Ashley Hall School	Barbara Pierce was born in New York New York attended Rye Country Day School from 1931 to 1937 and is an alumna of Ashley Hall School in Charleston South Carolina .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Italy	Fastweb	Organized crime prosecutors in Rome have mounted a crackdown on an international money-laundering ring allegedly involving the Sparkle unit and Italy 's second telecoms operator Fastweb .
org:members(e1,e2)	Geely	Geely Automobile	The Geely CK is a sedan automobile from Chinese manufacturer Geely Automobile .
org:members(e2,e1)	Barcelona	La Liga	Valencia coach Ronald Koeman faces a nervous wait to discover whether or not he will remain in charge after the humiliating 5-1 defeat at Athletic Bilbao on Sunday.The club arguably the third biggest in Spain after Real Madrid and Barcelona have slumped 15th place and are now just two points away from the relegation zone after one win in their last 10 La Liga outings .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Trinity College of Music	London	Thomas is also a Professor of Singing at Trinity College of Music in London .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	John Negroponte	National Intelligence	Speaking after the scenario was over John Negroponte the former Director of National Intelligence who played the role of Secretary of State said it was all too real .
org:top_members/employees(e2,e1)	Holden	GM	Holden has taken charge of GM 's vehicle operations in Australasia and on their behalf held partial ownership of GM Daewoo in South Korea between 2002 and 2009 .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	Jean Seberg	Paris	Breathless : The landmark 1960 French New Wave film with a too-cool-for-words Jean-Paul Belmondo and heartbreakingly young Jean Seberg running from the cops on the mean streets of Paris .
org:members(e2,e1)	FAU	NCAA	Over the 30 years of competition FAU baseball has jumped from NAIA to NCAA Division II to NCAA Division I competition and has reached success on all levels .
no_relation	he	Music	After the label closed in 2005 he moved to 903 Music an independent label owned by Neal McCoy releasing Here and Now in 2006 shortly before that label's closure .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Aerial	Texas	The Bayou Music Center ( formerly known as Verizon Wireless Theater and Aerial Theater ) is an indoor theater owned by Live Nation and located in Houston Texas United States .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	Issaquah School District	district	Also known as Issaquah Senior High School or IHS it is one of three high schools in the Issaquah School District and serves students in grades 9 12 from the central portion of the district .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Ritchie	Maryland	Although Ritchie 's model business-like government had thoroughly modernized Maryland he had forged a Democratic party organization which his opponents attacked as a machine .
no_relation	Cintra	Spain	CSS was not seriously deterred by Cintra 's departure playing the SOS Festival in Murcia Spain on April 8 2012 and the Ballroom Marfa 2012 Benefit Weekend in Marfa Texas on May 27 2012 performing several of their old songs .
org:stateorprovince_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Manchester	Manchester Metropolitan University	The project was launched in 1991 by a partnership of Manchester City Council Manchester Polytechnic ( later Manchester Metropolitan University ) and Poptel .
per:origin(e1,e2)	Andy Whittall	Zimbabwean	He is a leg-spinner who got into the Zimbabwe side at the age of eighteen following the exits of Paul Strang Andy Whittall and Ray Price from the Zimbabwean team .
per:country_of_birth(e1,e2)	Williamson	United States	Another descendant of Confederate Chief Engineer William Price Williamson is Admiral Dennis Cutler Blair United States Navy ( Ret . ) .
per:alternate_names(e1,e2)	Taylor Wimpey	Taylor Woodrow	Napier was Group Chief Executive Officer of Taylor Wimpey plc ( formerly Taylor Woodrow plc ) from 2001 to 2006 .
org:founded_by(e2,e1)	2003	Communist Party of India	In 2003 the party merged with the Communist Organisation of India ( Marxist-Leninist ) ( led by Kanu Sanyal ) forming a new Communist Party of India ( Marxist-Leninist ) .
per:alternate_names(e1,e2)	Adelaide of Saxe-Meiningen	Queen consort	The Crown of Queen Adelaide was the consort crown of Adelaide of Saxe-Meiningen wife and Queen consort of King William IV of the United Kingdom .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Grey Coat Hospital	London	She then attended the Grey Coat Hospital school in Westminster London from 1995 until 2002 .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	4th Mechanized Corps	Soviet Union	Of this number two formations especially stood out : 4th Mechanized Corps ( Soviet Union ) and 6th Mechanized Corps ( Soviet Union ) .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	Pioneer Hi-Bred	DuPont	A lawsuit filed against Pioneer Hi-Bred a DuPont business which according to a 58-page lawsuit alleges that Pioneer practices in the farming of genetically modified seed crops on fields next to Waimea unlawfully allowed pesticides and pesticide-laden fugitive dust to blow into 100 residents homes on almost a daily basis for more than 10 years .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Cook	New South Wales	A founding member of the Australian Labor Party Cook was elected to the New South Wales Legislative Assembly as Member for Hartley on 3 July 1891 .
no_relation	Netherlands	Rembrandt	The 17th century was a period dominated by the distinct individuals Peter Paul Rubens in the Southern Netherlands and Rembrandt van Rijn in the newly independent Dutch Republic .
org:members(e2,e1)	Duke University	NCAA	The 2008 09 Duke Blue Devils women's basketball team represented Duke University in the 2008 09 NCAA Division I basketball season .
no_relation	MG Cars	MG	MG Cars of Morris Motors manufactured the MG 14/28 car here from 1924 until the move to larger premises in Bainton Road North Oxford in September 1925 .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Southern Rhodesia	Ian Smith	Originally posted by Big D When Zimbabwe then Southern Rhodesia was under white rule the ANC demanded the ouster of Prime Minister Ian Smith and the installation of black rule .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Italy	Antena 3	Telecinco controlled by Italy 's Mediaset had a 14.8 percent market share in January down 0.3 percentage points from December while listed rival Antena 3 stood at 13.7 percent a decline of 0.9 points over the previous month .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Switzerland	Swiss Super League	Dennis Hediger ( born 22 September 1986 Switzerland ) is a Swiss professional footballer who currently plays as a midfielder for FC Thun in the Swiss Super League .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Canada	Railpower Technologies	Variants of the typical diesel electric locomotive include the Green Goat ( GG ) and Green Kid ( GK ) switching/yard engines built by Canada 's Railpower Technologies .
org:top_members/employees(e1,e2)	Marx Brothers	Leonard	As with Groucho three explanations exist for Herbert's name Zeppo : Maxine Marx reported in The Unknown Marx Brothers that the brothers listed their real names ( Julius Leonard Adolph Milton and Herbert ) on playbills and in programs and only used the nicknames behind the scenes until Alexander Woollcott overheard them calling one another by the nicknames ; he asked them why they used their own ordinary real names publicly when they had such wonderful nicknames .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	University of Engineering and Technology	Pakistan	A mechanical engineer by profession Takkar is a graduate of the University of Engineering and Technology in Peshawar Pakistan .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	London Central Secondary School	London	London Central Secondary School is located at the corner of Dufferin Avenue and Waterloo Street in downtown London Ontario .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	State	James Baker	In February 1989 Secretary of State James Baker decided to withdraw this small group of diplomats so that they did not become hostages and to otherwise protect them from harm .
no_relation	3	Los Angeles Fire Department	On Wednesday May 27 2009 at 3:16 AM 7 Companies of Los Angeles Firefighters 3 LAFD Rescue Ambulances 2 Arson Units 1 Hazardous Materials Team 2 Battalion Chief Officer Command Teams and 1 Division Chief Officer Command Team a total of 53 Los Angeles Fire Department personnel under the direction of Assistant Chief Greg West responded to a Structure Fire at 5735 Woodman Avenue in the Valley Glen area of Los Angeles .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Cambodia	Pol Pot	In 1980 their film Year Zero : The Silent Death of Cambodia exposed the extent of the genocide perpetrated by Pol Pot and the Communist Party of Kampuchea against the people of Cambodia .
per:origin(e1,e2)	Gerrie Coetzee	South African	Gerhardus Christian Coetzee ( born 8 April 1955 in Boksburg ) better known as Gerrie Coetzee is a South African former boxer .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Health	Chua Soi Lek	Police seized a DVD and three VCDs showing former Health Minister Chua Soi Lek engaging in sex acts and a laptop after detaining a 29-year-old woman at her beauty parlor in southern Johor state the New Straits Times said .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Vladimir Putin	United Russia	A letter in his support from Vladimir Putin was read in an election meeting several United Russia members of parliament visited the republic and expressed their support for Bibilov the ruling Unity party's candidate .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Zambia	Levy Mwanawasa	Banda said in the message extended on Wednesday to Gabon's President of the Senate and interim President Rose Francine that he was aware of how aggrieved and traumatized the people of Gabon felt at the loss of their leader because Zambia also went through the same experience when president Levy Mwanawasa died last year .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Merseyside Passenger Transport Executive	London	In two parts of England local government agencies are responsible : in Merseyside the Merseyside Passenger Transport Executive lets the Merseyrail franchise while Transport for London oversees the new London Overground franchise .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Geoff Rickly	Thursday	The LP was released in June 2009 on both 6131 and Geoff Rickly of Thursday 's Collect Records both of whom were in a partnership in the release .
per:title(e2,e1)	Prime Minister	John A. Macdonald	However it was not until Senator Serge Joyal took on the personal project of amassing portraits of monarchs prior to Victoria that the collection came closer to completion including the Kings of France since Francis I. The Prime Minister 's portrait gallery dates back to 1890 when John A. Macdonald the first Prime Minister of the Dominion of Canada assisted in the unveiling of his own portrait .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Shahjalal University	Bangladesh	The SGVC was established in 1995 and had been functioning as School of Life Sciences under Shahjalal University of Science and Technology Sylhet Bangladesh .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Justice	Robert Badinter	The father of the then-French Minister for Justice Robert Badinter had died in Sobibor after being deported from Lyon during Barbie's tenure .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	his	Laos	On the same day Triet who started his three-day visit to Laos on Monday also met with Lao Prime Minister Bouasone Bouphavanh and President of the National Assembly of Laos Thongsing Thammavong .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Morrissey	The Smiths	John DiMambro ( aka Johnny Anger ) is a long-time fan of Morrissey and The Smiths .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Mahyar Monshipour	France	Anselmo Moreno of Panama retained his WBA bantamweight title Saturday after beating Mahyar Monshipour of France with a split decision in Poitiers France .
org:city_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	BEIJING	Beihai Fleet	BEIJING Aug. 29 ( Xinhua ) -- The Beihai Fleet of the Chinese People's Liberation Army ( PLA ) Navy will conduct a live - ammunition drill in the Yellow Sea from Sept. 1 to 4 China's Ministry of National Defense announced Sunday .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Kuwait	National Bank of Kuwait	KUWAIT CITY -- The latest official figures have shown Kuwait 's inflation rate running at 5.9 percent year on year the National Bank of Kuwait ( NBK ) said Saturday .
per:country_of_birth(e1,e2)	Rutledge	Canada	It was only receiving this attention in the UK that No Never Alone was released in Rutledge 's native Canada .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	Pierce	New Hampshire	The home remained in the Pierce family until 1925 when it was procured by the state of New Hampshire .
per:spouse(e1,e2)	Henrietta Maria of France	Charles	Through her eldest daughter Marie Marie was the ancestress of Mary Queen of Scots kings Henry IV of France and Louis XIV of France and Henrietta Maria of France wife of Charles I of England .
org:founded(e1,e2)	Good Samaritan Hospital	1852	Good Samaritan Hospital the oldest and largest private teaching and specialty health care facility in Cincinnati Ohio United States was opened in 1852 under the sponsorship of the Sisters of Charity .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Navy	Gideon Welles	In April 1861 after Virginia announced its succession from the Union Barron resigned from the navy and although his resignation was denied by the United States ( later being listed by Navy Secretary Gideon Welles on April 22 as dismissed ) he accepted a commission as Captain in the Virginia Navy and as chief of the Office of Naval Detail and Equipment later assisting in organizing a coastal defense of the Virginia and North Carolina coastlines .
per:title(e1,e2)	Duncan Sheik	composer	It has n't sunk in yet but it's starting to feel real good Duncan Sheik the show's composer said with a laugh .
org:founded(e2,e1)	2000	AgustaWestland	It was formed in July 2000 when Finmeccanica and GKN merged their respective helicopter subsidiaries ( Agusta and Westland Helicopters ) to form AgustaWestland with each holding a 50 % share .
per:title(e2,e1)	King	Stephen of England	King Stephen of England ( c. 1092/6 25 October 1154 ) was a grandson of William the Conqueror and has been depicted in various cultural works .
org:members(e2,e1)	Virginia Commonwealth University	Division I	The 2011 12 VCU Rams men's basketball team represented Virginia Commonwealth University during the 2011 12 NCAA Division I men's basketball season .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	George Pettit	Alexisonfire	The album includes guest vocals by George Pettit of Alexisonfire .
org:top_members/employees(e2,e1)	Amy Gutmann	University of Pennsylvania	A list of several dozen potential candidates that the search committee shared with the 30 members of the Board of Overseers during a closed meeting in December included three women who are presidents at other Ivy League universities The Harvard Crimson reported and university officials speaking on condition of anonymity confirmed it : Shirley M. Tilghman of Princeton Ruth J. Simmons of Brown and Amy Gutmann of the University of Pennsylvania .
org:city_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Houston	Continental Airlines	Also Wednesday the Department of Transportation said it tentatively awarded new daily service between Houston and Bogota Colombia to Houston-based Continental Airlines expanding existing service it already offers to Bogota from both Houston and its New York-area hub in Newark .
per:cities_of_residence(e2,e1)	Miami	2 Live Crew	The Miami Bass scene that 2 Live Crew typified is simply one form of southern rap and Miami Bass ' club-oriented sound garnered little respect from hip hop fans .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Singapore	Lee Hsien Loong	Singapore Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong will relinquish his role as finance minister from Saturday his office announced Thursday .
per:origin(e2,e1)	Pakistan	Nawaz Sharif	The exiled former prime minister of Pakistan Nawaz Sharif arrived in the eastern Pakistani city of Lahore on Sunday local TV channel DAWN NEWS reported .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	University of Strathclyde	Scotland	The University of Strathclyde ( ) Glasgow Scotland is Glasgow's second university by age founded in 1796 and receiving its Royal Charter in 1964 as the UK's first technological university .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Daniel Ortega	Nicaragua	Former Sandinista guerrilla leader Daniel Ortega was sworn in Wednesday as president of Nicaragua which the leftist previously led between 1979 and 1990 .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Solihull School	West Midlands	Buerk was born in Solihull and was educated at Solihull School an Independent school in the West Midlands where he was a member of the Combined Cadet Force and represented the school on the sports field .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	his	Missouri	In his deep Missouri drawl he asked her if she knew many hymns which Parton misunderstood and asked Who's she ?
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Spelman College	Atlanta	People understand exactly what it means said William Jelani Cobb a professor of black American history at Spelman College in Atlanta .
per:title(e1,e2)	#44; b	popula	Vania Todorova Kaludova ( Bulgarian Cyrillic : ) #44; b etter known as Ivana ( ) is a popula r Bulgarian female singer .
org:city_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Harrison	Harrison High School	Harrison 's only middle school and only High School Harrison High School are located in the downtown area .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Carl August Tidemann	Winds	Carl August Tidemann is a highly technical Norwegian Neo-classical metal guitarist and composer best known for his work in progressive bands like Arcturus and Winds .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Chavez	Venezuela	Well did n't think so . . PDVSA is already stretched thin . . we shall see what results when Chavez officially does his socialist/fascist takeover of Venezuela 's private oil sector May 1st . . things are getting serious . .
no_relation	Sheffield Springs Academy	Sheffield	There are three academies in the City Sheffield Springs Academy Sheffield Park Academy and Parkwood Academy .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	309th Aerospace Maintenance and Regeneration Group	Air Force	The remaining intact F-14 aircraft in the U.S. were flown to and stored at the 309th Aerospace Maintenance and Regeneration Group Boneyard at Davis-Monthan Air Force Base Arizona before being shredded to prevent any components from being acquired by Iran .
org:members(e2,e1)	William E. Macaulay Honors College	CUNY	An active social entrepreneur Meyer serves on the Board of Trustees for the City University of New York's William E. Macaulay Honors College where he also serves as a CUNY Entrepreneur-in-Residence .
per:origin(e1,e2)	Yudhoyono	Indonesia	Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong also sent a letter to Yudhoyono praising Soeharto for helping forge strong bilateral ties between Singapore and Indonesia .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Indian Institute of Science	Bangalore	On 28 December 2005 an Let-backed group attacked the Indian Institute of Science Bangalore and on 18 May 2007 again the Lashkar-e-Toiba arranged a blast at the Mecca Masjid in Hyderabad killing 16 persons .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Greece	Manos Hadjidakis	In Greece he had close ties with the late Solon Michaelides and Manos Hadjidakis .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Guyana	Bharrat Jagdeo	Beyond Lula and Sarkozy the only other head of state was Guyana President Bharrat Jagdeo with other countries dispatching senior officials to what had been billed as a leaders summit .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	John McCain	Arizona	This is a summary of the electoral history of John McCain senior United States Senator from Arizona ( since 1987 ) and 2008 Republican nominee for President of the United States .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Austria	Thomas Klestil	In June 1999 the President of Austria Thomas Klestil paid a state visit to Japan .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Italian Communist Party	Palmiro Togliatti	Cycling Plus UK undated cutting It was during that Tour that the leader of the Italian Communist Party Palmiro Togliatti was shot in the neck by a sniper as he was leaving the parliament building .
per:origin(e2,e1)	Angola	Fernando da Piedade Dias dos Santos	Angola has called for strengthening institutional capacities in Africa Angola's official news agency ANGOP quoted Angolan Prime Minister Fernando da Piedade Dias dos Santos as reporting on Saturday .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	NBC	United States	It originally aired on the National Broadcasting Company ( NBC ) network in the United States on October 21 2010 .
per:title(e2,e1)	President	Hamid Karzai	A report on Kabul prepared at the Navy Postgraduate School stated Jamil Karzai is a second cousin to President Hamid Karzai .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Australia	University of Western Sydney	It is operated as a collaboration between research institutes in Japan ( Nagoya and Osaka University ) South Korea ( Seoul National University ) Germany ( KOSMA zu Radio Astronomisches Institut Bonn ) Australia ( University of New South Wales University of Adelaide Macquarie University Swinburne University of Technology University of Sydney University of Western Sydney ) and Chile ( Universidad de Chile ) .
org:founded_by(e1,e2)	The Cars	Ric Ocasek	In 2010 the founding members of The Cars suggested a reunion when Ric Ocasek Elliot Easton Greg Hawkes and David Robinson placed a photo of the four members together in Millbrook Sound Studios Millbrook NY on their Facebook page .
org:founded(e1,e2)	Coastal Plain League	1997	The Daredevils were one of the original teams in the Coastal Plain League summer baseball league when the league was founded in 1997 .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Hawaii	Inouye	Clinton won the endorsement of the state's largest union the Hawaii Government Employees Association and Inouye the dean of Hawaii politics .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Education	Hishammuddin Hussein	The pact will create linkages between the two countries ' education institutions especially in southern Thailand and cover areas such as religious education curriculum development and training Malaysia's Education Minister Hishammuddin Hussein told national Bernama news agency .
no_relation	Than Shwe	Kyaing Kyaing	Sando San do is getting Kunyar Saliva from Than Shwe and Kyaing Kyaing .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Norske Skog	Norway	Norwegian newsprint producer Norske Skog will cut European production by 10 percent due to oversupply -- leading to layoffs mainly in Norway .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	Kingston	Royal Military College of Canada	Lecture Delivered to Faculty and Cadets Royal Military College Kingston Ontario Image : Memorial Arch plaque unveiling Royal Military College of Canada.jpg | Memorial Arch plaque unveiling Royal Military College of Canada Image : Royal Military College of Canada plaque great war 1914-1919 .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Nile	Tony Laureano	This is the first Nile album to feature George Kollias on drums replacing Tony Laureano .
per:alternate_names(e2,e1)	Justice	Angelino Alfano	Interior Minister Roberto Maroni spoke of the extraordinary success against the mafia and the Camorra while Justice Minister Angelino Alfano saluted the extremely hard blow to the criminal gang .
org:founded_by(e2,e1)	Mikhail Fridman	Alfa Group	TNK-BP is jointly owned by BP and a group of Russian shareholders comprising Mikhail Fridman 's Alfa Group Len Blavatnik's Access Industries and Vekselberg's Renova .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Smith Thompson	Navy	USS '' Smith Thompson '' ( DD-212 ) was a Clemson-class destroyer in the United States Navy .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Woodstock	Danko	By spring 1967 all of the members of the Hawks except Helm had joined Dylan in the Woodstock area with Danko Manuel and Hudson living in nearby West Saugerties in a house nicknamed Big Pink .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	IGIDR	Mumbai	The Indira Gandhi Institute of Development Research ( IGIDR ) Mumbai is an advanced research institution established by The Reserve Bank of India in 1987 on the occasion of its golden jubilee .
no_relation	Defence University	Sri Lanka Army	Becoming the Vice Chancellor Commandant of the General Sir John Kotelawala Defence University he was tipped to become the Deputy Chief of Staff of the Sri Lanka Army .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	Venezolana	Maracaibo	By 1943 he had created the Venezolana de Cementos the largest supplier of cement in the country with subsections in Barquisimeto Maracaibo Pertigalete Macuro and Catia La Mar .
org:city_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Covington	Covington High School	Covington is serviced by one 8 12 high school ( Covington High School ) one 4 7 middle school ( Jeter Watson ) one pre-kindergarten through third grade elementary school ( Edgemont Primary ) one State Governors School ( Jackson River Governor's School ) one technical center ( Jackson River Technical Center ) and one community college ( Dabney S. Lancaster ) .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e1,e2)	John Ensign	Nevada	-- Republicans against Sotomayor : John Ensign of Nevada Kay Bailey Hutchison of Texas John McCain of Arizona .
no_relation	Illinois	Pine Crest School	According to her Speaker Bio posted for the Gold Star Speakers Bureau in 2006 she is also a Hall of Famer at both her college Lake Forest College in Illinois ( where she graduated Phi Beta Kappa ) and at her ( private ) high school Pine Crest School in Ft. Lauderdale Florida .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e2,e1)	Louisiana	Wayne Toups	By the 1980s a new sound of cajun music mixed with elements of rock blues and was introduced to south Louisiana with Wayne Toups and Zydecajun .
org:alternate_names(e1,e2)	Avro	Company	The aircraft was based at Alexandra Park Aerodrome just outside Manchester City Centre from early 1924 until 1925 when the group moved to Woodford Aerodrome on invitation from the Avro Aircraft Company .
no_relation	Bon Jovi	David Bowie	Bay City Rollers - 1976 USA ( individual and concert sheet combined ) Bee Gees - Printed in England 24x48 Jeff Beck - The Guitar Shop Live ' 90 Germany 23X33 Bon Jovi Motorcycle - Printed in USA Bon Jovi Superman - Printed in USA David Bowie - Live 23x34 David Bowie - Live ( Glossy Photo ) 10 3/4 x 14 ( black white ) Kate Bush - Make-Up - Printed in England 24x35 $ 20 .
per:title(e2,e1)	Senators	Lamar Alexander	However Sharp was the preferred choice of Republican Tennessee Senators Lamar Alexander and Bob Corker .
no_relation	Nokia	Navteq	Jari Honko an analyst at eQ Bank in Helsinki said Nokia is extremely driven in its strategy to move into mobile services and called Navteq the most significant player in its field .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Hastings Banda	Malawi	Led by dictator Hastings Banda Malawi was the only African country to maintain close relations with White-ruled South Africa until the 1994 election of Nelson Mandela .
org:alternate_names(e1,e2)	HBC	The Bay	Around 1830 the Hudson's Bay Company ( HBC ) today popularly known simply as The Bay started the fur trade business in Nunavik by establishing their first post on the east shore of the Koksoak River about 5 km downstream from the present-day settlement .
per:title(e1,e2)	Tong Sang	President	On 15 April 2008 Tong Sang again became President following a no confidence motion against the government of Gaston Flosse .
no_relation	Dope House Records	SPM	Sometime in 2013 Dope House Records is planning to release SPM 's next album The Son of Norma .
org:founded_by(e1,e2)	ITV2	Isle of Man	ITV2 is a 24 hour free-to-air entertainment television channel in the United Kingdom Isle of Man and the Channel Islands owned by ITV Digital Channels Ltd a division of ITV plc .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Scotty	Nauru	Meanwhile Scotty was ousted by more than half of the lawmakers in the Nauru Parliament in a no-confidence vote Wednesday with Marcus Stephen elected immediately as the new president .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Jean-Luc Dehaene	Belgium	Former Prime Minister Jean-Luc Dehaene began work Friday to try to break a deadlock in coalition talks between Belgium 's political parties which has prevented the formation of a new government for 22 days since national elections .
org:city_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	New York City	Baruch College	Other locations that use this system include the Resorts International Hotel in Atlantic City New Jersey Erecting the Staggered - truss System : A View from the Field Embassy Suites hotel in New York City Architectural Record | Benefits of Staggered Truss Systems in Multi-Story Residential and Other Applications Baruch College Academic Center in New York City Trump Taj-Mahal in Atlantic City NJ and the Renaissance Hotel in Nashville TN The staggered truss system for steel framing is an efficient structural system for high-rise apartments hotels motels dormitories and hospitals .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Postmus	San Bernardino County	Postmus was Chairman of the San Bernardino County Republican Party He is also Past President and a Board Member of San Bernardino Associated Governments ( SANBAG ) the County's Transportation Authority and he is Past Chairman and a member of the Governing Board of the Mojave Desert Air Quality Management District .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	RAF Tangmere	West Sussex	The Tangmere Military Aviation Museum is a museum located on the former site of RAF Tangmere West Sussex .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Woodrow Wilson High School	Washington	He attended Woodrow Wilson High School in Washington D.C. where he lettered in football and basketball .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Portugal	Salazar	Portugal 's Governor-General for Angola and the Minister of Colonies denied the charge and Salazar maintained the policy .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	Tim DeLaughter	Dallas	Previously . . . : Following the release of 2004's Together We 're Heavy Tim DeLaughter and his robe-clad Dallas cohorts in the grand symphonic rock experience that is the Polyphonic Spree were dropped from Hollywood Records not long after the release of the soundtrack to Mike Mills ' 2005 film Thumbsucker .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Iceland	Geir Haarde	On August 26 Iceland Prime Minister Geir Haarde visited the exhibition with Albanian Prime Minister Sali Berisha .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Darude	Finland	Ville Virtanen ( born July 17 1975 ) better known by his stage name Darude is a trance producer and DJ from Eura Hinnerjoki Finland .
org:founded(e1,e2)	Trondheim Bilruter	1951	Trondheim Bilruter or TBR was a municipally owned bus company in Trondheim Norway between 1951 and 1974 .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Christopher Dodd	Connecticut	The Senate Banking Committee is set to begin debate on a more than bill authored by its chairman Christopher Dodd a Connecticut Democrat that would give the government unprecedented powers to split up firms that threaten the economy force the industry to pay for its most spectacular failures and create an independent consumer watchdog .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	her	Warner	Two years after dropping her from their label Warner Brothers notified Raitt of their plans to release Tongue Groove .
org:top_members/employees(e2,e1)	Gerard Arpey	American Airlines	Texas business leaders who participated included Doug Pitcock of Houston-based Williams Brothers Construction Co. ; Randall Stephenson CEO of in Dallas ; and Gerard Arpey of American Airlines in Fort Worth .
per:cities_of_residence(e2,e1)	Lebanon	Fouad Siniora	On December 1 2006 a series of protests and sit-ins began in Lebanon led by groups that opposed the government of Prime Minister Fouad Siniora .
org:founded(e2,e1)	1987	News on Sunday	In 1987 Pilger was a founder of News on Sunday in London and titular Editor-in-Chief but resigned before publication .
org:top_members/employees(e1,e2)	Canadian Alliance	Stockwell Day	Maheux later joined the Canadian Alliance a successor party to Reform and worked as a strategist and communications director for Stockwell Day in that party's first leadership election in 2000 .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e2,e1)	Massachusetts	he	After attending high school at Phillips Academy in Andover Massachusetts he attended Princeton University where he majored in history and met Darby Bannard and Michael Fried .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	University of Zambia	Zambia	He worked for the U.S. Army Special Services Libraries West Germany ( 1962 1966 ) where he helped edit an underground press G.I. magazine titled ' Yin/Yang ' ; Schiller College Kleiningerheim West Germany ( 1966 1967 ) ; University of California at Los Angeles Research Library ( 1967 1968 ) where he rescued back runs of I. F. Stone's Weekly from the garbage ; University of Zambia Library Lusaka Zambia ( 1968 1970 ) ; Makerere Institute of Social Research Makerere University Library Kampala Uganda ( 1971 1972 ) ; and Hennepin County Library Minnesota ( 1973 1999 ) .
no_relation	Defense	Elliot Richardson	In 1973 he was appointed Assistant to the United States Secretary of Defense and the United States Deputy Secretary of Defense serving under Elliot Richardson and later James R. Schlesinger .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Parliament	Nino Burjanadze	Parliament speaker Nino Burjanadze said after a meeting with opposition leaders that there would be no going back on Parliament's decision to amend the constitution and schedule joint presidential and parliamentary elections in October .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Cyprus	Olympiakos Nicosia	In January 2009 he moved to Cyprus first to play for Olympiakos Nicosia and then for Alki Larnaca .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Serzh Sargsyan	Armenia	On February 19 2008 Serzh Sargsyan was elected as the third President of the Republic of Armenia .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	Dorothy Moore	Jackson	In 1973 Dorothy Moore recorded Misty Blue at Malaco Records in Jackson Mississippi cutting her vocal in a single take .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Tarja Turunen	Finland	This is Tarja Turunen she's a Finnish opera singer and used to front one of Finland 's most internationally successful metal bands .
org:founded(e1,e2)	Falcons	1947	The Exeter Falcons were a speedway team which operated from 1947 until their closure in 2005 at the County Ground Stadium in Exeter .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Shakespears Sister	London	The album was intended to be released the same year but for a variety of reasons Shakespears Sister was dropped from their label London Records .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Interior	Gale Norton	In the course of the lawsuit the government has repeatedly destroyed vital accounting documents deliberately filed false reports to the court and generally conducted itself in such bad faith that a stunning total of 37 past and present government officials including current Secretary of the Interior Gale Norton and former Secretary Bruce Babbitt have been held in contempt of court for their misconduct .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Mahathir bin Mohamad	Malaysia	Matthias Chang a Barrister was Political Adviser to Tun Dr. Mahathir bin Mohamad former Prime Minister of Malaysia who succesfully defended the Malaysian currency in the late 1990s against attacks by City of London-controlled central banks .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	Armed Forces	British Army	The Armed Forces encompass three professional uniformed services : the Naval Service ( including the Royal Navy and Royal Marines ) the British Army and the Royal Air Force .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Load Records	Providence	Load Records is an American noise/experimental independent record label based out of Providence Rhode Island .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	Minnesota	Midwestern Higher Education Compact	Among Moe's many legislative accomplishments was an initiative to transfer lottery proceeds to Minnesota environmental projects ( Legislative Commission on Minnesota Resources LCMR ) the creation of the Minnesota State Colleges and Universities governance system the Midwestern Higher Education Compact and the Environmental Trust Fund .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Francesco Cossiga	Italian Republic	He was a cousin of Francesco Cossiga ( who was a leader of the Italian Christian Democrats and later became a President of the Italian Republic ) and both were relatives of Antonio Segni another Christian Democrat leader and President of the Republic .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	Comcast	Style Network	Comcast runs several television channels including the Style Network the Golf Channel and E !
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Ukraine	Yurii	Depressed by this effective partition of Ukraine in January 1663 Yurii surrendered his hetman's mace and retired to a monastery .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Serzh Sargsyan	Armenia	Armenian President Serzh Sargsyan said Monday he will attend a football game between Turkey and Armenia in a northwestern Turkish city this week as the two countries moved towards normalization of ties after nearly a century of rift Turkish media reported .
no_relation	University of Illinois	York University	It is followed by the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign ( ) and New York University ( ) .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Jean	Canada	Although not participating in the opening days of the invasion Prime Minister Jean announced on October 7 that Canada would contribute forces to the international force being formed to conduct a campaign against terrorism .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Fouad Siniora	Lebanon	Lebanese Caretaker Prime Minister Fouad Siniora criticized the initial strike from Lebanon and Israel's immediate response which was reported to have damaged a couple of nearby homes .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Manmohan Singh	India	Hiteswar was a close friend and associate of Dr Manmohan Singh the Prime Minister of India .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Pakistan	Ghulam Ishaq Khan	He resigned in July 1993 after constant feuds with Pakistan 's president at the time Ghulam Ishaq Khan who had accused him of widespread corruption .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Nexient	Canada	Nexient was created out of a series of acquisitions and mergers among some of Canada 's largest skills development firms .
no_relation	Abdur Rahman	BRAC	Leader Abdur Rahman is alleged to have taught JMB operatives that it's not a sin to loot valuables of Grameen Bank BRAC Proshika Asa and Karitas ' as they encourage women to shed Burqa ( veil ) .
per:title(e2,e1)	President	Chen Shui-bian	2001 : New Palau Ambassador to the Republic of China Johnson Toribiong presents the credentials to President Chen Shui-bian at the Presidential Office .
org:founded_by(e1,e2)	MEMRI	Yigal Carmon	MEMRI was fonded by Yigal Carmon and Meyrav Wurmser .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Indonesia	Megawati Sukarnoputri	Indonesia 's main opposition leader Megawati Sukarnoputri has called for a new set of voter lists to be drawn up only three days ahead of presidential elections officials said Monday .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Stow College	Glasgow	At Stow College on Shamrock Street in Glasgow he studied Mechanical Engineering .
no_relation	Idriss	Chad	Having discovered and criticized the affair the Chadian President Idriss is under attack for alleging pedophilia and organ trafficking and for arresting seventeen Europeans intercepted at an airport in Chad attempting to depart to France with 103 Darfur orphans aged six to ten .
org:founded(e2,e1)	1836	University College London	The university was established by Royal Charter in 1836 which brought together in federation London University ( now University College London ) and King's College ( now King's College London ) .
per:title(e2,e1)	actress	Samantha Mumba	The acts and businesses he deals with are Irish singer and actress Samantha Mumba husband and wife opera business Opera Anywhere heavy metal band Saxon radio station Big L 1395 Deighton Working Men's Club and Paulo's Britain's oldest circus .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Niger	Seyni Oumarou	Niger Prime Minister Seyni Oumarou on Sunday ruled out negotiating with the rebels who he called assailants .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Dean	Richmond	A plumber for all of his working life Dean epitomised the blue collar tough-as-teak image that the Richmond club liked to project .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	she	Berlin	In 1932 she went to work Berlin ( a center of Soviet espionage operations particularly passport forgery ) .
no_relation	Roosevelt	Hyde Park	With James Brough Roosevelt wrote a highly personal book about his parents called The Roosevelts of Hyde Park : An Untold Story in which he revealed details about the sexual lives of his parents including his father's unique relationships with mistress Lucy Mercer and secretary Marguerite ( Missy ) LeHand as well as graphic details surrounding the illness that crippled his father .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Ma Ying-jeou	Kuomintang	The gift of the endangered pandas had been rejected by President Chen Shui-bian in 2005 who viewed it as a propaganda tool against Taiwan's independence but the incumbent President Ma Ying-jeou of the Kuomintang had forged stronger economic and diplomatic relations with the PRC under his presidency and was willing to accept them .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Saab	Sweden	The Safir was built by Saab AB in Sweden ( 203 aircraft ) and by De Schelde '' in Dordrecht Netherlands ( 120 aircraft ) .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	United Kingdom	Royal Air Force	Born in Lowestoft United Kingdom David lived in many places including Yemen and Germany thanks to his father being in the Royal Air Force .
org:members(e2,e1)	Bruce Springsteen	E Street Band	By Randy Lewis Los Angeles Times Staff Writer October 31 2007 The moment the lights went down Monday night at the L.A. Sports Arena for Bruce Springsteen and the E Street Band 's return to a Southland concert stage a vintage-looking calliope surfaced from beneath that stage playing not just any vintage-sounding midway number but That Daring Young Man on the Flying Trapeze .
per:spouse(e2,e1)	He	Dimple Kapadia	He died in the presence of his wife Dimple Kapadia daughters Rinkie Khanna and Twinkle Khanna son-in-law Akshay Kumar grand children Anju Mahendru and other close relatives .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	Prima	New Orleans	Prima hired Louis Masinter on the string bass a New Orleans native .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Latymer Upper School	London	Latymer Upper School is a selective independent school in Hammersmith West London England lying between King Street and the Thames .
per:title(e1,e2)	Mahmoud Abbas	President	In June 2012 Israel handed over the remains of 91 Palestinian suicide bombers and other militants who died while carrying out attacks against Israeli targets as part of a goodwill gesture to PA chairman Mahmoud Abbas to help revive the peace talks and reinstate direct negotiations between Israel and the Palestinians although President Mahmoud Abbas did not indicate whether he was willing to return to talks .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Littlejohn Co.	Greenwich	Green Mountain will purchase Van Houtte from an affiliate of private equity firm Littlejohn Co. based in Greenwich Connecticut .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	Amanda Falk	Winnipeg	Amanda Falk is a Christian recording artist from Winnipeg Manitoba Canada .
no_relation	Air Force	Royal Australian Air Force	Seventeen invader Air Force Navy RAF and Royal Australian Air Force ISR aircraft flew illegal bombing missions in support of colonial war operations in Iraq .
org:top_members/employees(e1,e2)	JA 55th Divisi	al Hiroshi Takeuc	At dawn the IJA 33rd Division under Lieutenant-General Shz Sakurai and I JA 55th Divisi on under Lieutenant-Gener al Hiroshi Takeuc hi of the 15th Army and spearheaded by the Imperial Guards Division crossed the border from Indo-China into Thailand's recently reclaimed Phra Tabong Province at Tambon Savay Donkeo Athuek Thewadej District ( Russei ) of Battambang .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Spain	he	By 1931 he was leading Spain 's cancer institute but he left the country when the civil war broke out in 1936 .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Indonesia	Suharto	Indonesia 's ailing Suharto ' getting worse ' : doctors .
no_relation	18	Emory University	-- Each execution deters an average of 18 murders according to a 2003 nationwide study by professors at Emory University .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Dubai Media City	Dubai	The Al Thuraya Tower 2 is a 30-floor tower in the Dubai Media City in Dubai United Arab Emirates .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Correa	Ecuador	In his inaugural address on 15 January Correa stated his belief that part of Ecuador 's external debt is illegitimate because it was contracted by military regimes .
per:country_of_birth(e1,e2)	Letta Mbulu	South Africa	Letta Mbulu ( born 23 August 1942 in Soweto South Africa ) is a South African jazz singer born and raised in Soweto .
no_relation	Columbia	Fordham University	Columbia students are allowed to enroll in ROTC but must travel to Fordham University or Manhattan College in the Bronx to participate .
per:title(e2,e1)	Actor	Luis Armand Garcia	Actor Luis Armand Garcia ( George Lopez ) is 15 .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Military of Serbia	Serbia	The Serbian General Staff also known as the General Staff of the Military of Serbia ( ) is Serbia 's highest unit of military organization and authority of the military .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Stockholm University	Sweden	Faid Issa a 23-year-old Somali-born Swede who studies sociology at Stockholm University said he saw a difference in how Sweden reacted to the serial shooter and to Saturday's suicide bombing .
per:origin(e1,e2)	Yasser Arafat	Egypt	CAIRO -- The accusations made by Farouq al-Qadoumi against Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas regarding the death of leader Yasser Arafat harm Palestinian reconciliation said Egypt 's Foreign Ministry spokesman Hossam Zaki on Thursday .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Cheddi Jagan	Guyana	In 1992 Dr. Cheddi Jagan after being elected president moved into State House and since then it has served as the official residence of the President of Guyana .
per:title(e2,e1)	President	Bamir Topi	On 6 March 2009 Pano received the order Honor of the Nation from the President of Albania H.E. Bamir Topi .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	Superfast Ferries	Attica Group	On behalf of its subsidiaries Superfast Ferries and Blue Star Ferries Attica Group donated the amount of Euro to the Special Relief Fund for the benefit of the victims of the recent fires in Greece .
no_relation	Cass Elliot	Krofft	Sid Krofft cast his next door neighbor singer Cass Elliot as Witchiepoo's frenemy and bitter rival Witch Hazel.Sid Krofft Interview on YouTube .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Nikola Eftimov	Skopje	http://www.britishcouncil.org/macedonia-creative-industries.htm Nikola Eftimov as a member of Consultants team nominated by the British Council in Skopje 6 .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Bob Graham	Florida	Bob Graham two-term Florida governor and three-term U.S. senator is focused on the Bob Graham Center for Public Service at the University of Florida set to open in March and on writing a textbook on citizenship and a spy novel .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Lafayette High School	Gravesend	Lafayette High School is situated in what was formerly the town of Gravesend .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e2,e1)	Florida	Jim Morrison	Florida 's clemency board pardoned The Doors lead singer Jim Morrison posthumously for his 1970 conviction in Miami of indecent exposure .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Ma	Kuomintang	Ma who was chairman of the nationalist Kuomintang party until he resigned following his indictment did not appear at the Taipei District Court for the verdict .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Hinduja Foundries	India	Hinduja Foundries is India largest casting maker .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Vietnam	Ho Chi Minh	After the presidential announcement on February 3 1994 lifting the embargo on trade with Vietnam and announcing the establishment of liaison offices in Hanoi and Washington a group of American business executives met in Ho Chi Minh City on March 10 1994 to form an organizing committee to establish an American Chamber of Commerce in Vietnam .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Flea	Red Hot Chili Peppers	One resident who lost his home was Flea the bassist for the Red Hot Chili Peppers whose real name is Michael Balzary property records showed .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	AJS	Andover	More information about the Cotton Owners Enthusiasts Club can be found at www.cottonownersclub.com In the late '90s AJS Motorcycles Ltd. of Goodworth Clatford Andover produced a series of Cotton replica competition motorcycles including the 250 Cobra Scrambler Cotton-Triumph 500 Scrambler Telstar 250 road racer and 250 Starmaker Trials Bike .
org:founded(e2,e1)	March 30 1910	university	Founded on March 30 1910 the university is a dual campus institution with the main campus located in Hattiesburg and the Gulf Coast campus located in Long Beach .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Bright Eyes	Mike Mogis	Bright Eyes is signed to Saddle Creek Records a Nebraska-based label founded by Conor Oberst's brother Justin Oberst and Bright Eyes member Mike Mogis and distributed by Sony Corporation .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Stax	Rufus Thomas	Jackson became one of the most important and influential drummers in the history of recorded music at Stax providing an instantly recognizable backbeat behind the label's artists which included Rufus Thomas Carla Thomas Eddie Floyd Sam Dave Otis Redding and blues guitarist Albert King who Jackson also produced .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Eric Mazur	Harvard University	In 1999 a group led by Eric Mazur and James Carey at the Harvard University developed a process in which black silicon was produced by irradiating silicon with femtosecond laser pulses .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Ontario	Brad Duguid	On Thursday 28 May 2009 Ontario Aboriginal Affairs Minister Brad Duguid formally signed over control of Ipperwash Park Ipperwash park to re-open in 2010 London Free Press to the Chippewas of Kettle and Stony Point First Nation .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Levy Mwanawasa	Zambia	The resulting controversy has raised doubts about whether Banda would continue the anti-corruption crackdown launched by the late president Levy Mwanawasa which had won Zambia praise overseas .
per:origin(e2,e1)	French	Albert Lebrun	Other dignitaries present included the French President Albert Lebrun who also gave a speech and the Australian deputy prime minister Earle Page .
per:country_of_birth(e1,e2)	Ion Irimescu	Romania	Prof. Dr. Honoris Causa Ion Irimescu ( February 27 1903 October 29 2005 ) was one of Romania 's greatest sculptors and sketchers as well as a Member of the Romanian Academy .
per:title(e2,e1)	Prime Minister	Michael Somare	I 've nothing to hide says Namah The National 21 July 2009 As MP for Vanimo-Green Belden Namah is PNG's new Opposition Leader ABC Radio Australia 10 May 2011 in the Eighth National Parliament ( 2007-2012 ) he served for a time as Minister for Forestry under Prime Minister Sir Michael Somare .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	USA	Ray Charles	( 1 ) Thomas Hearns ( USA ) ; Belts : 147 154 175 160 168 ( 2 ) Ray Charles Leonard ( USA ) ; Belts : 147 154 160 168 175 ( 3 ) Oscar De La Hoya ( USA ) ; Belts : 130 135 140 147 154 160 ( 4 ) Floyd Mayweather Jr. ( USA ) ; Belts : 140 147 154 ( 5 ) Manny Pacquiao ( PHI ) ; Belts : 112 122 126 130 135 140 147 154 This list is credited for boxers who have won championships in boxing from major or minor sanctioning bodies .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Stax	Sam Dave	Wexler asked Memphis Tennessee-based Stax Records which Atlantic distributed nationally to work with Sam Dave .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Trinity Lutheran School	USA	Trinity Lutheran School Joppa Maryland USA .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Three Days Grace	Norwood	Three Days Grace is a Canadian rock band formed in Norwood Ontario Canada in 1992 originally under the name Groundswell .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Collins	President	Along with Collins and Aldrin Armstrong was awarded the Presidential Medal of Freedom by President Richard Nixon ; in 1978 President Jimmy Carter presented Armstrong the Congressional Space Medal of Honor in 1978 ; he and his former crewmates received the Congressional Gold Medal in 2009 .
org:members(e2,e1)	Mustangs	Conference USA	Due to their victory over Tulsa the Mustangs represented the division in the 2010 Conference USA Championship Game where they were defeated by UCF 7 17 .
org:members(e2,e1)	Brandon Paris	Band	He claims music helped him find his way out of his 2 year drug addiction.Surrey Now newspaper Brandon Paris Band great therapy for demons Printed Thursday November 17 2006 I wrote all my feelings down on paper every night when i was coming down from my high .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Ukraine	Viktor Pinchuk	The annual competition was conducted by the magazine Afisha and Adelaja took the first place with more than 1/3 of the votes beating to the second position the most popular actor in Ukraine Bohdan Stupka ; to the third place the Heavy weight boxer Vitali Klitschko ; to the fourth place one of the richest Entrepreneurs in Ukraine Viktor Pinchuk ; and to the fifth place the Mayor of Kiev Leonid Chernovetskyi .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Australia	Edmund Barton	However the name clashed with a town in New South Wales ( now little more than a historic gallery outside Kurri Kurri in the Hunter Region ) so the town was renamed Barton in 1905 to honour Australia 's first prime minister ( 1901-1903 ) Sir Edmund Barton .
per:cities_of_residence(e2,e1)	Kiev	Vladimir Horowitz	He then become piano professor at the Kiev Conservatory where he taught Vladimir Horowitz and was his only teacher from the years 1914 to 1919 ( Horowitz was 11 years old when he first entered Tarnowsky's class and 16 when he left to study with Felix Blumenfeld ) .
org:top_members/employees(e2,e1)	Jeff Cooper	St. Louis	If we get the call from Don Garber we will have shovels in the ground the next day said Jeff Cooper the chairman of St. Louis Soccer United referring to the league's commissioner .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	New York Stock Exchange	Nasdaq	Trading firms based in the United States and Canada are recruiting inexpensive workers in China and teaching them to engage in speculative trading -- which means repeatedly buying and selling shares listed on the New York Stock Exchange and Nasdaq hoping for quick profits .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Jamil Mahuad	Ecuador	Jamil Mahuad the president of Ecuador and a former student of Fisher's asked for Fisher's advice soon after taking power in 1998 .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Sofia Rotaru	Ukraine	Sofia Rotaru arguably the best-known popular singer from Ukraine in the former Soviet Union received her award for outstanding personal merits in the sphere of art .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Metaxas	Greece	King George II had held close relations with Metaxas in the past and appointed Metaxas as Prime Minister of Greece in May 1936 .
org:alternate_names(e1,e2)	NORFORCE	North-West Mobile Force	The NORFORCE ( North-West Mobile Force ) is an infantry regiment of the Australian Army Reserve .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Agriculture	Mike Johanns	Fischer Boel met top lawmakers in Congress along with US Trade Representative Susan Schwab and Agriculture Secretary Mike Johanns during two days of meetings .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Education Location	Kingsville	Title : Associate or Full Professors 3 positions 2 as Department Chair Employer : Texas University-Kingsville College of Education Location : Kingsville TX United States Posted : Nov 13 .
per:cities_of_residence(e2,e1)	Najaf	Abdul Aziz al-Hakim	He says that Khamenei had sent a delegation to Najaf to represent him there and had wanted Abdul Aziz al-Hakim to subordinate himself to it and to him after the assassination of his elder brother Muhammad Baqir al-Hakim on August 29 .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	European Space Agency	France	Paris-based European Space Agency ( ESA ) decided Friday to give Thales Alenia Space France the right of negotiation about the Meteosat Third Generation ( MTG ) program .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Julio Argentino Roca	Argentina	Alejo Julio Argentino Roca Paz ( July 17 1843 October 19 1914 ) was an army general who served as President of Argentina from 12 October 1880 to 12 October 1886 and again from 12 October 1898 to 12 October 1904 .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	Ho Chi Minh City National University	Vietnam	At present Ho Chi Minh City National University consists of six member universities one institute and one faculty : Vietnam National University Ho Chi Minh City includes the following members : The school offers education in the subjects of Mathematics IT Physics Chemistry Biology Literature and English .
no_relation	ECB	Spain	The ECB cited divergent developments across the euro area countries with Estonia Greece Ireland the Netherlands Slovakia and Spain continuing to see declining house prices in the second quarter of the year on a 12-month basis .
no_relation	Armin Van Buuren	32	Overwhelming support for the preservation of the venue has come in from former London mayor Ken Livingstone liberal democrat mayoral candidate Brian Paddick and top DJ's around the globe including Armin Van Buuren Example ( Musician ) Dave Seaman Pete Tong Wretch 32 and Calvin Harris .
no_relation	Motown	his	All nine songs were written by Wonder and Motown label-mate Syreeta Wright his first wife ( 1970 1972 . ) .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Interior	Dirk Kempthorne	Tina Kreisher spokeswoman for Interior Secretary Dirk Kempthorne www.washingtonpost.com/ac2/related/topic/Dirk+A.+Kempthorne?tid=infor . . declared the review a success .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	MTA Regional Bus Operations	New York City Transit	The MTA Regional Bus Operations bus fleet comprises over buses in fixed-route service in New York City under MTA New York City Bus ( New York City Transit ) ( including Select Bus Service ) and MTA Bus .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Navy	Smith Thompson	At the direction of Secretary of the Navy Smith Thompson she was also subjected to an unusual experiment in which manually operated paddle wheels were fitted to her hull .
no_relation	Richard	Edward IV of England	He was also a descendant of Elizabeth of York daughter of Richard Plantagenet 3rd Duke of York and sister of Edward IV of England .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	Brigham Young University	J. Reuben Clark Law School	While in North Carolina she was a legal consultant for the Duke University Center for the Study of Aging and Human Development.Duke News She and her husband moved to Utah in 1973 where she became an Adjunct Professor of Law at Brigham Young University J. Reuben Clark Law School until 1978 .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Vietnam	Ho Chi Minh	Vietnam 's national carrier will fly directly between the country's business hub Ho Chi Minh City and Beijing starting mid-December the airline said Wednesday .
org:members(e2,e1)	Arkansas Razorbacks	University of Arkansas	The 2000 01 Arkansas Razorbacks men's basketball team represented the University of Arkansas in the 2000 01 college basketball season .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	State	Dean Acheson	He also held the rank of ambassador as the principal adviser on Soviet matters to Secretary of State Cyrus R. Vance in the Carter administration and was a speechwriter for Secretary of State Dean Acheson in the Truman administration .
no_relation	Wilfrid Laurier	McGill University	He attending Wilfrid Laurier University a member of the 1978 Yates Cup team and went on to study law at McGill University .
no_relation	band	Napalm	The band undertook a mini-tour in November with Disastrous Murmur and played at the X-Mass Festival alongside Napalm Death Marduk Finntroll and Vader .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Peru	Alberto Fujimori	Peru 's judicial system says the Supreme Court has ratified a 25-year prison sentence for ex-President Alberto Fujimori .
no_relation	Switchfoot	San Diego/Orange County	Besides being the main songwriter for Switchfoot Foreman has also made musical contributions away from the band including writing with San Diego/Orange County based singer-songwriter Molly Jenson .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	California	Substance Abuse	After spending nearly a year in California Substance Abuse Treatment Facility and State Prison in Corcoran California Downey on condition of posting $ bail was unexpectedly freed when a judge ruled that his collective time in incarceration facilities ( spawned from the initial 1996 arrests ) had qualified him for early release .
no_relation	French Polynesia	Gaston Flosse	He replaced former President Gaston Tong Sang opposed to independence who lost a no-confidence vote in the Assembly of French Polynesia on 31 August after the longtime former president of French Polynesia Gaston Flosse hitherto opposed to independence sided with his long enemy Oscar Temaru to topple the government of Gaston Tong Sang .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Topi	Albania	Topi expressed gratitude towards NATO and its member countries for their support and assistance on its road towards NATO which Albania joined in April 2009 .
org:top_members/employees(e1,e2)	Geto Boys	Prince Johnny	Geto Boys ( originally spelled Ghetto Boys ) is a hip-hop group located in Houston Texas that started off with the members Raheem Prince Johnny C and Sire Jukebox but ended up releasing their debut album in 1988 Making Trouble with Prince Johnny C Sire Jukebox DJ Ready Red and Bushwick Bill as members .
org:city_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Salt Lake City	Utah Symphony Orchestra	Salt Lake City is also the home to the Utah Symphony Orchestra which was founded in 1940 by Maurice Abravanel and has become widely renowned .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Redman	Def Jam	Both Wu-Tang rapper Method Man and Def Squad member/EPMD Redman were signed to Def Jam Records in 1994 ; their first recorded collaboration was Double Deuces a commercial recorded for St. Ides malt liquor .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Ruhollah Khomeini	Iran	Yousuf was a very close associate of Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini the father of Islamic Revolution of Iran .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Harvard School of Public Health	Boston	Gary Marchant Executive Director Center for the Study of Law Science and Technology and Lincoln Professor of Emerging Technologies Law and Ethics Arizona State University Tempe John Quackenbush Professor Department of Biostatistics and Computational Biology Dana-Farber Institute and Professor Department of Biostatistics Harvard School of Public Health Boston Kenneth S. Ramos Professor and Chair Department of Biochemistry and Molecular Biology University of Louisville Health Sciences Center and Director Center for Genetics and Molecular Medicine Louisville Ky .
org:top_members/employees(e2,e1)	General Director	Aeroflot	Glushkov had been AvtoVAZ's Finance Chief until he left his job in autumn 1995 and was appointed as Deputy General Director of Aeroflot on request from Yevgeny Shaposhnikov in February 1996 .
per:country_of_birth(e1,e2)	Isabella	Spain	For other Princesses of Asturias named Isabella see Isabella Princess of Asturias ( disambiguation ) Isabella Infanta of Spain ( Isabel de y ) ( 1851 1931 ) was twice recognized as the heir presumptive to the Spanish throne and given the title Princess of Asturias reserved for the heir to the crown .
org:founded(e1,e2)	Scottish Premier League	1998	The 1999 00 season is the 2nd consecutive season of play in the Scottish Premier League in which Hearts have competed since its inauguration in 1998 99 .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Lithuania	Vytautas Landsbergis	It was founded in May 1993 by the right wing of the Reform Movement of Lithuania led by Vytautas Landsbergis who had led Lithuania to independence .
org:top_members/employees(e2,e1)	Ric Ocasek	The Cars	---------- let the good times roll / let them make you a clown let them leave you up in the air / let them brush your rock and roll hair let the good times roll -- Classic philosophy from Ric Ocasek The Cars ( 1978 ) .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	His	Canada	His initial reason for remaining in Canada was to remain with his girlfriend .
org:members(e2,e1)	Houston Cougars	Conference USA	With the win the Houston Cougars won the second-ever Conference USA championship game and grabbed their first Conference championship since 1996 .
per:title(e1,e2)	Clynes	scientist	A designer of physiological instrumentation and electronic data-processing systems Clynes was the chief research scientist in the Dynamic Simulation Laboratory at Rockland State Hospital in New York .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	MedFlight	Columbus	MedFlight is a not-for-profit air and ground critical care transportation company based in Columbus Ohio that completes critical care transports by helicopter and mobile intensive care units .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Interior	James G. Watt	He served as Deputy Undersecretary of the United States Department of the Interior under James G. Watt in the Reagan administration .
org:alternate_names(e1,e2)	Evangelical Presbyterian Church	Church-Evangelical Synod	The seminary was established by Christians in the Evangelical Presbyterian Church ( which later merged with the Reformed Presbyterian Church in North America to form Reformed Presbyterian Church-Evangelical Synod ) who believed that their denomination born out of resistance to rising liberal influences needed a strong theological school of its own .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Pakistan	Pervez Musharraf	CMH Lahore Medical and Dental College was inaugurated by the former President and Chief of Army Staff of Pakistan General Pervez Musharraf .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	American University in Bulgaria	Bulgaria	American University in Bulgaria ( commonly referred to as AUBG ) is a private selective residential liberal arts university located in Blagoevgrad Bulgaria .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Egypt	Hosni Mubarak	CAIRO Egypt -- French President Nicolas Sarkozy meets with Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Indonesia	Suharto	As opposed to traditional Islamic organizations in Indonesia such as the Nahdatul Ulama ( NU ) ICMI supported Suharto 's regime in turn for considerable influence in policy-making and administration .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e2,e1)	Wisconsin	Mitchell	Paul Wisconsin served as Taylor's man as the Wisconsin Railroad Commissioner from 1874 1876 and worked out a compromise with Mitchell but the reform coalition was nonetheless defeated in the 1875 election and the Potter Law was repealed .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Wintershall	Kassel	Wintershall based in Kassel Germany is a wholly owned subsidiary of BASF SE in Ludwigshafen .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Tommy Thompson	Health and Human Services	Baldwin ran as the Democratic nominee against Republican nominee Tommy Thompson who had formerly been governor and Secretary of Health and Human Services .
per:cities_of_residence(e2,e1)	Baku	Huseyngulu Sarabski	During one of such concert tours in 1913 she visited Baku where she met opera singer Huseyngulu Sarabski .
org:founded(e1,e2)	Presbyterian Church of Australia	1901	The Presbyterian Church of Australia was formed when Presbyterian Churches from various Australian states federated in 1901 .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Pathumwan Institute of Technology	 is	Pathumwan Institute of Technology ( Thai : is a Thai public university located in Bangkok Thailand .
no_relation	Jamaica	Dennis Brown	The company was founded by Chris Cracknell and Chris Sedgwick and started as a small record store in West Ealing London in November 1975 and is based in Britain.Campbell Howard ( 2012 ) Greensleeves Records paves way for dancehall Jamaica Observer 4 July 2012 retrieved 2012-07-05 They have released records by Anthony Johnson Barrington Levy Billy Boyo Chezidek Dennis Brown Dr Alimantado Eek-A-Mouse Elephant Man Gregory Isaacs Keith Hudson Mad Cobra Scientist Shabba Ranks Sizzla Vybz Kartel and Yellowman and have had crossover pop hits with Tippa Irie's Hello Darling Shaggy's Oh Carolina Beenie Man's Who am I and Mr Vegas's Head High .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Jersey City	Bret Schundler	Democratic Woodbridge Mayor Jim McGreevey and Republican Jersey City Mayor Bret Schundler also sought the governorship .
org:city_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	London	University of the Arts London	Winners of this years scholarship program include Yang Chung-han who will study criminology at the University of Cambridge ; Kao An-chi who will study law at the University College London ; and Ku Yu-wen who will study fashion at the University of the Arts London according to the BTCO .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Bedford High School	Greater Manchester	Bedford High School is a comprehensive school with specialist Business and Enterprise College status in Leigh Greater Manchester England .
per:title(e2,e1)	Exchequer	Nigel Lawson	Blaby gives its name to the Blaby district and also to the Parliamentary constituency that was held by former Chancellor of the Exchequer Nigel Lawson between 1974 and 1992 .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Canada	Canadian Forces	On the obverse is a crowned effigy of Queen Elizabeth II circumscribed by the Latin words ELIZABETH II DEI GRATIA REGINA CANADA ( Elizabeth II by the Grace of God Queen Canada ) symbolizing her roles as both fount of honour and Commander-in-Chief of the Canadian Forces .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Austria	Alfred Gusenbauer	In the 2006 election the People's Party were defeated and after much negotiations agreed to become part of a coalition government with the Social Democratic Party of Austria with new Party Chairman Wilhelm Molterer as Finance Minister and Vice-Chancellor under leader Alfred Gusenbauer who became Chancellor .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	University of	Hungary	Freud may be right in that a strong emotional relationship between mother and son have a strong effect on later life said researcher Tamas Bereczkei an evolutionary psychologist at the University of in Hungary .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	California Golden Bears	Berkeley	The 1975 California Golden Bears football team represented the University of California Berkeley in the 1975 college football season .
org:subsidiaries(e2,e1)	Valiant Comics	Acclaim Entertainment	Valiant Comics was purchased by video game company Acclaim Entertainment for $ 65 million .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	He	Cape Verde	He is a member of the African Party for the Independence of Cape Verde ( PAICV ) .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	BRAC	Bangladesh	At the invitation of BRAC the Chinese delegation led by Fan Xiaojian came to Bangladesh on Friday with the purpose to strengthen the exchange and cooperation between China and Bangladesh promote China's successful experience in poverty alleviation and learn from Bangladesh their good way in removing poverty .
per:title(e1,e2)	Ann-Margret	actress	Ann-Margret Olsson ( born April 28 1941 ) is a Swedish-American actress singer and dancer whose professional name is Ann-Margret .
org:members(e1,e2)	European Central Bank	Jean-Claude Trichet	The current chairmen are former U.S. Assistant Secretary of Defense for International Security Affairs Joseph S. Nye Jr. former head of the European Central Bank Jean-Claude Trichet and Yasuchika Hasegawa .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Lisa Murkowski	Alaska	Sen. Lisa Murkowski of Alaska conceded late Tuesday in her Republican primary race against Joe Miller a lawyer from Fairbanks who was backed by Tea Party activists Sarah Palin and other conservatives .
no_relation	Putin	United Russia	Putin is closely associated with United Russia and headed its list of candidates in December parliamentary elections but is not technically a member .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Burundi	Pierre Nkurunziza	Many of Burundi 's religious political and business leaders attend the university including Denise Nkurunziza wife of Burundi President Pierre Nkurunziza .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Burundi	Pierre Nkurunziza	Burundi 's President Pierre Nkurunziza on Thursday signed pardons to ease congestion in the country's overcrowded jails a day after inmates rioted in the main Bujumbura prison .
per:origin(e2,e1)	Nicaragua	Daniel Ortega	On February 27 2007 he presented his credentials as Nicaragua 's Ambassador to the United States after being chosen for the post by recently elected President Daniel Ortega .
no_relation	Science	Birla Institute of Technology and Science	Waghray holds an MBA from the University of Pennsylvania Wharton School of Business ; a master's degree in Computer Science from West Virginia University and a bachelor degree in Mechanical Engineering from Birla Institute of Technology and Science ( BITS ) in Pilani India .
org:alternate_names(e1,e2)	Duncan of Jordanstone College of Art and Design	University of Dundee	In particular there was a desire to both nurture the students and graduates of Duncan of Jordanstone College of Art and Design ( now a school of the University of Dundee and one of the leading art colleges in the UK ) and to build upon the work of those involved with the ( now defunct ) Seagate Gallery and Dundee Printmakers ' Workshop .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Ho Chi Minh	Vietnam	The company has bottling plants near Hanoi Da Nang and Ho Chi Minh City and employees in Vietnam .
no_relation	Melbourne Hawks	1996	Timeline of the merger negotiations between Fitzroy and North Melbourne The Melbourne Hawks would have consisted of the merger between the Melbourne and Hawthorn Football Clubs at the end of the 1996 season .
no_relation	Charles Mingus	Pepper Adams	He played in Johnny Richards's orchestra and did sessions with Charles Mingus Sonny Rollins Joe Roland Bill Hardman Pepper Adams Jimmy Knepper and Jimmy Cleveland .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Economic Development	Pier Luigi Bersani	But following a meeting with Tariceanu in Bucharest Tuesday Italy's Economic Development Minister Pier Luigi Bersani told reporters the new expulsion decree met European Union standards .
org:members(e1,e2)	Rough Trade	The Libertines	In 2007 Rough Trade issued a greatest hits compilation Time for Heroes The Best of The Libertines which reached number twenty-three in the UK .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Evo Morales	Bolivia	President Evo Morales wants Bolivia to host the 2014 South American Games and has promised to lobby hard for the bid .
no_relation	John Franklin	England	The museum was established in 1843 by the Royal Society of Tasmania under the leadership of Sir John Franklin the oldest Royal Society outside of England .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	Rawlings	Baltimore	Rawlings served the 40th legislative district located in the central northwest section of Baltimore from 1979 until 2003 .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Chile	Jorge Montt	In 1893 Slight was recruited by the Chilean ambassador in London Agustin Ross who had been ordered by the President of Chile Jorge Montt to find someone suitable to establish a system of lighthouses in the country .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Velocity Girl	Sub Pop	Velocity Girl toured frequently releasing three full-length recordings on the Sub Pop label .
per:title(e2,e1)	Exchequer	Gordon Brown	During the campaign the Chancellor of the Exchequer Gordon Brown visited Sandwell and called on voters to reject the British National Party .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Joliot-Curie	France	Once this was experimentally confirmed and announced by Joliot-Curie in 1939 scientists in many countries ( including the United States the United Kingdom France Germany and the Soviet Union ) petitioned their governments for support of nuclear fission research just on the cusp of World War II for the development of a nuclear weapon .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	George Michael	Virgin	Older is the third studio album from George Michael released in Europe on 13 May 1996 through Virgin Records and one day later in the United States through the then-new DreamWorks Records .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	Thomas Edison	West Orange	Thomas Edison died of complications of diabetes on October 18 1931 in his home Glenmont in Llewellyn Park in West Orange New Jersey which he had purchased in 1886 as a wedding gift for Mina .
per:title(e1,e2)	Guy McDonough	guitarist	The song was written and sung by Guy McDonough the band's rhythm guitarist and was about two young lovers who lived on the coast .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Sierra Leone	Ernest Bai Koroma	His Inauguration ceremony in Bo was attended by Sierra Leone 's President Ernest Bai Koroma and some senior members of the SLPP and APC parties http://www.cocorioko.net/?p=41840 .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	DHL	ASTAR Air Cargo	DAYTON Ohio -- DHL the worldwide cargo express delivery company has bought a 49 percent interest in ASTAR Air Cargo a Florida-based airline that operates out of DHL's Wilmington hub .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Banca d'Italia	Antonio Fazio	Close personal ties between BPL Managing Director Gianpiero Fiorani and Banca d'Italia Governor Antonio Fazio ensured prompt authorization of BPL's requests while those of ABN Amro were stalled .
no_relation	Gerry Phillips	Ontario	Gerry Phillips ( born September 11 1940 ) was a politician in the riding of Scarborough Agincourt which is located in Toronto Ontario Canada .
per:title(e2,e1)	President	Hosni Mubarak	-- Continue to watch development as Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak 81 is recovering in Germany from gall bladder surgery .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	University of Haifa	Soraya Nazarian Library	The University of Haifa 's Younes and Soraya Nazarian Library is a central academic library among the largest in Israel .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Kentucky	Mitch McConnell	In late May 2009 Bunning called fellow Kentucky Senator and Republican Minority Leader Mitch McConnell a control freak and suggested that he did not need McConnell's endorsement .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	Bruce	Edinburgh	Bruce gave his residence as 17 Joppa Road Portobello Edinburgh while Jessie gave hers as Chapelhill Nigg and as one of the witnesses was Isabella Mackenzie it would appear that Nigg was Jessie's home parish .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	People	Beijing	The Snow Leopard Commandoes of the Chinese People 's Armed Police ( PAP ) provided a preview of the type of security to expect at next year's Beijing Olympic Games on Monday to 59 military attaches from 42 foreign embassies to China .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	United States	John Adams	1826 : The United States losses two of its founding fathers when John Adams the second U.S. president and Thomas Jefferson the third president both die on the 50th anniversary of the acceptance by Congress of the Declaration of Independence .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Sarah Harding	Girls Aloud	Walsh joined Nadine Coyle Sarah Harding Nicola Roberts and Cheryl Cole to comprise the new girl group Girls Aloud formed through the show by a public vote on 30 November 2002 .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Kriangsak Chomanan	Thailand	On June 12 1979 the government of General Kriangsak Chomanan who had come to power in Thailand by a military coup informed foreign embassies in Bangkok that it was going to expel a large number of Cambodian refugees .
no_relation	University of Cincinnati	Bearcats	It is the home field of the University of Cincinnati Bearcats college baseball team .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	Burning Witch	Seattle	Stephen O'Malley's group Burning Witch formed five years later also in Seattle continued in this tradition incorporating unusual vocals and bursts of audio feedback .
org:members(e1,e2)	NCAA	Mercer University	Emanuel Istudor ( born August 9 1983 in Romania ) competed in NCAA 10 m Air Rifle for Mercer University ( Southeastern Conference ) .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	France	Blut Aus Nord	France also has a large black metal movement including Belenos Deathspell Omega Blut Aus Nord Peste Noire Vorkreist Arkhon Infaustus Merrimack and Antaeus and the organization known as Les Noires made up of such bands as Mutiilation Vlad Tepes and Torgeist .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	Arctic College	Nunavut Arctic College	The former Arctic College was split into Aurora College and Nunavut Arctic College when Nunavut Territory was created in 1999 .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Smith	South Africa	The only supporter Smith could turn to was apartheid South Africa .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Albert Ho	Democratic Party	Albert Ho head of Hong Kong's Democratic Party which helped organize the rally criticized the government for not taking more steps to educate investors in Lehman products including complex bonds tied to the performance of the territory's equities market .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Valdosta State University	Valdosta	Valdosta State University was established in 1906 in Valdosta Georgia .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Recordland	Venezuela	Tu Tienda RCTV is a gift shop located inside the Recordland at the Sambil Mall in Caracas Venezuela .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	MTV Networks Africa	VH1	MTV Networks Africa also operates additional channels these include a localized version of Nickelodeon and promotes the European versions of MTV Live HD VH1 MTV MTV Portugal and MTV France .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Central High School	Philadelphia	He became so well renowned for his work that shortly after Cornelius was approached by Joseph Saxton to create a silver plate for his daguerreotype of Central High School in Philadelphia .
org:top_members/employees(e1,e2)	Air France-Klm	Pierre-Henri Gourgeon	Italy is a key market the third market for flows between Europe and North America Air France-Klm chief executive Pierre-Henri Gourgeon said .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	he	England	Then he studied at Colchester Institute art school in Essex England taking inspiration from minimalist painting .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Culburnie	Alasdair Fraser	Culburnie Records is a California based record label specializing in Scottish traditional music operated by Alasdair Fraser .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Royal Academy of Music	London	He is an honorary Fellow of the Royal Conservatory of Music in Toronto ( 2006 ) and a Fellow of the Royal Academy of Music in London England ( 2006 ) .
org:founded(e2,e1)	1922	Harvard School of Public Health	The joint venture ended in 1922 when the Harvard School of Public Health was formally established .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	He	Environment and Housing	He was nominated Minister of the Environment and Housing of the Government of the Generalitat de Catalunya on 16 December 2003 .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	and K	rom Pra	A gradual relaxation of communist control in Czechoslovakia whose first signs came from Slovakia enabled the Bratislava journalist and writer Ladislav Ma?ko to publish his novel Death Is Called Engelchen ( Smr? sa Engelchen 1959 ) and and K los to reach for it f rom Pra gue after their suspension was over .
org:founded_by(e2,e1)	Warren Buffett	Berkshire Hathaway	Warren Buffett 's Berkshire Hathaway will receive a license in New York to open a new bond insurance business a state regulator said Friday .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	FOX	McCulloch	When FOX increased their order McCulloch was drafted as a regular staff writer of the series as well as a storyboard artist .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Verve	Ella Fitzgerald	Yet Verve has just released Twelve Nights in Hollywood a four-CD boxed set of Ella Fitzgerald singing 76 songs at the Crescendo a small jazz club in Los Angeles in 1961 and '62 -- and none of it has ever been released until now .
org:top_members/employees(e2,e1)	Smith	NMU	Instead the book examines Smith and his central role in the early years of NMU and then the anticommunist politics of America Britain and Jamaica after World War II .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Robert Peliza	Gibraltar	In 1969 with the election of Sir Robert Peliza of the Integration with Britain Party as Chief Minister of Gibraltar Poggio saw the opportunity to establish a representative office for the Government of Gibraltar in London : the Gibraltar House .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Juvenile	UTP	In addition to Juvenile UTP also featured Wacko Skip Corey Cee Soulja Slim and Young Buck though Corey Cee would leave the group shortly after The Compilation .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Alessandri	Chile	Alessandri initially focused unsurprisingly on economic issues particularly on controlling inflation and balancing the state budget and he liberalised Chile 's tariff .
org:top_members/employees(e2,e1)	Alex Counts	Grameen Foundation	Haiti is one of the most complicated environments for anyone to do business let alone a small lender with an extremely poor clientele said Alex Counts president of the Grameen Foundation a nonprofit in Washington that fosters microlending .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Florida	Bob Graham	The courthouse has won the recognition of the American Institute of Architects ( South Florida Chapter ) and in 1981 Governor Bob Graham gave the court the Governor's Design Award .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Columbia	Ms. Stafford	When Weston left Capitol Records for Columbia Ms. Stafford followed him .
no_relation	Nigeria	Yakubu Gowon	Anthony Ukpabi Asika ( 28 June 1936 14 September 2004 ) was Administrator of East Central State Nigeria during the military regime of General Yakubu Gowon appointed when his predecessor the Eastern Region governor Chukwuemeka Odumegwu Ojukwu led the Biafran state into secession .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	University of Michigan	Ann Arbor	It was a very sad moment in the operating room when word was received that the plane had gone down on its way from Milwaukee said Dr. Jeffrey Punch chief of transplant surgery at the University of Michigan Health System hospital in Ann Arbor .
org:subsidiaries(e1,e2)	Renault	Dacia	Renault the owner of the Renault Dacia and Renault Samsung Motors makers started developing its own design center network in 1999 as part of its internationalization endeavors .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Johns Hopkins Bayview Medical Center	Maryland	The Johns Hopkins School of Medicine is affiliated with the Johns Hopkins Hospital its major teaching hospital as well as several other regional medical centers including the Johns Hopkins Bayview Medical Center Howard County General Hospital Suburban Hospital in Montgomery County Maryland and Sibley Memorial Hospital in Washington D.C.http : / / www.hopkinsmedicine.org/patient_care/hospital_locations.html .
per:alternate_names(e1,e2)	Louis the Younger	Louis	Louis the Younger ( 830/835 20 January 882 ) sometimes Louis III was the second eldest of the three sons of Louis II the German and Emma .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Interior	Giuliano Amato	The agreement was signed in Tripoli by Interior Minister Giuliano Amato and Libyan Foreign Minister Abdel-Rahman Shalqam .
org:founded(e1,e2)	University of Delaware	1743	The University of Delaware traces its founding to 1743 when Presbyterian minister Francis Alison opened up his Free School in his home in New London Pennsylvania .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Vietnam	Ho Chi Minh	Vietnam 's economy has been growing at over 8 percent a year and new buildings are quickly rising across Hanoi and Ho Chi Minh City the nation's southern business hub .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Interior	James G. Watt	As the U.S. Park Police is part of the United States Department of the Interior pilot Donald W. Usher and paramedic Melvin E. Windsor also received the Interior Department's Valor Award presented in a special ceremony soon after the accident by Secretary of the Interior James G. Watt .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Johannes Rau	Germany	Ibach's book was republished in 1980 with a foreword by Johannes Rau then Minister-President and later President of Germany who was from Wuppertal .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	tom Bradley	Los Angeles	One example that was raised was tom Bradley 5-term mayor of Los Angeles from 1973-1993 .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	Riza Sapunxhiu	r 2008	Riza Sapunxhiu ( Serbian : Riza Sapund?iju ) ( 15 March 1925 6 Septembe r 2008 ) was a Kosovo Albanian communist politician and economist of the former Yugoslavia .
no_relation	Karsan	Bursa	Karsan was founded in 1966 in Bursa Turkey to produce light commercial vehicles .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Suharto	Indonesia	Suharto was elected as head of the Non-Aligned Movement in 1992 while Indonesia is a founding member of APEC in 1989 and host to the Bogor APEC Summit in 1994 .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Ortega	Nicaragua	1st LD : Ortega sworn in as Nicaragua 's president .
org:top_members/employees(e2,e1)	Harold A. Schaitberger	IAFF	President Harold A. Schaitberger is the ninth president in the IAFF 95-year history and was the first to have been elected by acclamation in 2000 .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Interior	Francesco Cossiga	For example he referred to General Carlo Alberto Dalla Chiesa as general Amen explaining that it was he who during the weeks of Aldo Moro's detention in the hands of his kidnappers had informed Interior Minister Francesco Cossiga of the location of the hideout where Moro was being detained .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Polytechnic University of Puerto Rico	San Juan	The Polytechnic University of Puerto Rico ( PUPR ) commonly referred as Poly or La Poly in Spanish is a private non-profit university located in San Juan Puerto Rico .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Abe	Japan	On 26 September 2007 Abe officially ended his term as Yasuo Fukuda became the new Prime Minister of Japan .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Stephen Harper	Canada	When used in conjunction with proper names titles of office are capitalized ( and usually not otherwise ) : The Right Honourable Stephen Harper Prime Minister of Canada .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Chicago	William Hale Thompson	He fought lengthy and legendary battles first with Chicago figures Samuel Insull the utilities magnate William Hale Thompson the mayor and Robert R. McCormick the owner of The Chicago Tribune .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	George Clinton	United States	George Clinton Sweeney ( July 23 1895 November 5 1966 ) was a United States federal judge .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Eminem	Aftermath	Although Eminem lost the battle Jimmy Iovine gave Eminem's Slim Shady EP demo tape to Dr. Dre which ultimately resulted in him signing Eminem to his record label Aftermath .
no_relation	United States	Orson Welles	Ruiz del Rio worked on more than 450 movies in Europe and the United States teaming up with such directors as Orson Welles ( Mr. Arkadin 1955 ) Stanley Kubrick ( Spartacus 1960 ) and George Cukor ( Travels with My Aunt 1970 ) .
no_relation	Divine Savior Holy Angels High School	Milwaukee	High schools available to Brookfield residents include Catholic Memorial High School Divine Savior Holy Angels High School Milwaukee Lutheran High School Wisconsin Lutheran High School Pius XI High School Marquette University High School Brookfield Christian School Heritage Christian School West Suburban Christian Academy Calvary Baptist School and Milwaukee Public Schools ' school choice program .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Frank Forde	Australia	When Labor Prime Minister John Curtin died towards the end of the Second World War in July 1945 Frank Forde served as Prime Minister from 6 13 July before the party elected Ben Chifley as Curtin's successor.Francis Forde - Australia 's PMs - Australia's Prime Ministers Following his 1945 election as leader of the Australian Labor Party after the death of John Curtin Chifley a former railway engine driver became Australia 16th Prime Minister on 13 July 1945 .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	she	Greece	In 2002 she gave concerts with the Mikis Theodorakis Orchestra the Estudiantina orchestra and gave a personal tour all over Greece as well .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Mike Johanns	Nebraska	A relatively broad coalition came together including the Republican governor Dave Heineman and senators Ben Nelson ( D ) and Mike Johanns ( R ) from Nebraska and some Democratic funders like Susie Tompkins Buell .
per:country_of_birth(e2,e1)	Finland	Paasikivi	During the Civil War in Finland Paasikivi was firmly on the side of the White government .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	New York City	Ben Hecht	Born in New York City Young appeared on Broadway in The Front Page ( 1928 ) by Ben Hecht and The New Yorkers ( 1930 ) ( Herbert Fields and Cole Porter ) and was considered a good luck actor by Broadway producers .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	NISL	United States	In early July 2009 the XSL announced they were going on a one-year hiatus due to a lack of monetary backing which left the NISL as the highest indoor soccer league in the United States of America .
per:title(e2,e1)	President	Nicolas Sarkozy	French President Nicolas Sarkozy will meet with Syrian President Bashar al-Assad in Paris on July 12 one day before a summit to launch a new Union for the Mediterranean his office said Tuesday.pa / cml/ec/db .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Hans Zimmer	Remote Control Productions	Thanks to Hans Zimmer Lohner began composing for films joining his Remote Control Productions in 1996 .
per:country_of_birth(e1,e2)	Cassie	United States	Cassie Grant ( Christina Ricci ) is a young girl from the United States who is wandering through England on foot .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Daniel Ortega	Nicaragua	In 2007 President Evo Morales stated that Daniel Ortega 's win gives strength and hope not only to Nicaragua but to all of Latin America .
org:members(e2,e1)	E. Claiborne Robins School of Business	Richmond	The University of Richmond ( UR or U of R ) is a primarily undergraduate residential university with approximately undergraduate and graduate students in five schools : the School of Arts and Sciences the E. Claiborne Robins School of Business the Jepson School of Leadership Studies the University of Richmond School of Law and the School of Professional Continuing Studies .
org:top_members/employees(e2,e1)	Johnsee Lee	Industrial Technology Research Institute	WiMAX is just taking off in Taiwan but has been growing rapidly in many countries in the past year said Johnsee Lee the president of Taiwan's semi - official Industrial Technology Research Institute ( ITRI ) .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	5th Infantry Division	United Kingdom	It was part of the regular British 5th Infantry Division during the First and Second World War and is now part of the British 2nd Infantry Division in the north of the United Kingdom with specific responsibility for the areas of North East England and Yorkshire and the Humber .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Dean Martin	Arizona	Dean Martin was the Arizona State Treasurer from 2007 to 2011 .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Ukraine	For United Ukraine	In 2002 Suprun was re-elected on a Labour Ukraine ticket as part of For United Ukraine .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Aruba	Air Aruba	Patient transfer from and to Aruba are conducted by Colombian American or Aruban air ambulance planes.Tiara Air Aruba A recently renovated wing houses a combined intensive care medium care and coronary car unit which has a flexible capacity of 12 beds.Hospital ta redobla capacidad di cuido intensivoRenovated intensive care unit open again There are existing plans to renovate the main building and expand the hospital with a three story wing which will house all services related to mother and child care and a new out-patient clinic .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	Smith	Rhodesia	After fruitless talks with Britain on finding a compromise solution Smith proclaimed unilateral independence -- making Rhodesia the second British territory after the United States in 1776 to take such a step without approval by the crown .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Burundi	Pierre Nkurunziza	A ceremony marking the official opening of the new UN mission in Burundi was held Tuesday and presided over by Burundi's President Pierre Nkurunziza .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Jean-de-La-Fontaine	France	Jean-de-La-Fontaine is a in the 16th arrondissement of Paris France .
org:top_members/employees(e1,e2)	Plank	Jaki Liebezeit	Plank and Dinger finished the album with studio musicians including Jaki Liebezeit and members of Belfegore .
no_relation	Alliant Energy	American Family Insurance	That conference was co-sponsored by the Southeast Wisconsin Homeland Security Partnership two centers at the University of Wisconsin the Madison Area Technical College Alliant Energy and American Family Insurance .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Nepal	Prachanda	Speaking at a press conference in Kaski in western Nepal Saturday Prachanda said that the agitation would be a peaceful one .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Germany	Sandro Cortese	Spain's Marc Marquez on a Derbi won the German 125cc Grand Prix here on Sunday with Japan's Tomoyoshi Koyama ( Aprilia ) in second and Germany 's Sandro Cortese ( Derbi ) third .
org:founded(e1,e2)	MyNetworkTV	September 5 2006	Despite MyNetworkTV 's announced launch date of September 5 2006 UPN continued to broadcast its programming on stations across the United States until September 15 2006 .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	Kiedis	Grand Rapids	Kiedis checked into a Salvation Army rehabilitation clinic in Grand Rapids an experience which he initially detested until he noted that the other people in the clinic were understanding of his struggles and were trying to help him .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	New Zealand	Parliamentary Commissioner for the Environment	In New Zealand an inquiry into fracking was undertaken by the Parliamentary Commissioner for the Environment Dr Jan Wright .
no_relation	University of Wales	Swansea Metropolitan	When the merger between the University of Wales : Trinity Saint David Swansea Metropolitan and The University of Wales is complete the new unified institution will award degrees under the historic 1828 Royal Charter of Saint David's College .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Reinhard Heydrich	Bohemia and Moravia	In June 1942 after the assassination of Reinhard Heydrich in Prague Hitler wanted Bach-Zelewski to take Heydrich's place as the leader of the Reich Protectorate of Bohemia and Moravia .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Klinik	Belgium	Klinik ( sometimes called The Klinik ) is an industrial music band from Belgium originally formed around 1982 by electro-synthpop practitioner Marc Verhaeghen who is the only constant member .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Crescent Heights High School	Calgary	Crescent Heights High School is a high school with approximately 1800 students in grades 9-12 in Calgary Alberta Canada .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Kazakhstan	Karim Massimov	Yerbol Orynbayev ( born 1971 ) is a Kazakh politician who has been Deputy Prime Minister of Kazakhstan since 2008 under administration of Karim Massimov and Serik Akhmetov .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Puerto Rico	Camacho	Several sports journalists analysts and experts from Puerto Rico and United States have praised Camacho 's skills and influence in the boxing world .
no_relation	Hekmatyar	Afghanistan	Several militant groups including al-Qaida the Taliban and fighters for Hekmatyar and Haqqani are believed to operate in eastern Afghanistan and over the border in Pakistan .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Papua New Guinea	Michael Somare	During her visit to Papua New Guinea the first by a chief US diplomat since Madeleine Albright visited in 1998 Clinton will have talks with Prime Minister Michael Somare and Foreign Minister Sam Abal .
per:country_of_birth(e1,e2)	Ben Chifley	Australia	The incumbent Australian Labor Party led by Prime Minister of Australia Ben Chifley defeated the newly formed opposition Liberal Party of Australia ( descended from the United Australia Party ) led by its founder Robert Menzies with coalition partner the Country Party led by Arthur Fadden .
org:top_members/employees(e2,e1)	Sumner Redstone	CBS Corporation	The suit names as defendants : CBS and its CEO Leslie Moonves ; Viacom Sumner Redstone chairman of both Viacom and CBS Corporation ; and Andrew Heyward the former president of CBS News .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Rampton Secure Hospital	Nottinghamshire	On Friday 28 May 1993 she was found guilty on each charge and sentenced to 13 concurrent terms of life imprisonment which she is serving at Rampton Secure Hospital in Nottinghamshire .
org:members(e2,e1)	Colorado Rapids	Major League Soccer	Davy Armstrong ( born November 3 1991 ) is an American soccer player who plays for Colorado Rapids in Major League Soccer .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	f Slovaki	r Robert Fic	Robert ( born May 11 1971 in Bratislava ) is a Slovak politician who both served as Interior Minister o f Slovaki a in the first government of Prime Ministe r Robert Fic o .
org:alternate_names(e1,e2)	Timken	Timken Senior High School	Timken participates in the Principals Athletic Conference ( PAC-7 / 8 ) where they have been champions in basketball since 2008 Timken Senior High School was started by the Timken Company as a vocational school .
no_relation	Chen Yuan	China Development Bank	Development is the top priority for the party and to ensure that the country thrives delegate Chen Yuan governor of the state - run China Development Bank was quoted as saying .
per:title(e2,e1)	Premier	Bill Bennett	Originally a Liberal he joined the Social Credit party in 1974 and was appointed to the cabinet of Premier Bill Bennett in 1975 .
org:founded_by(e1,e2)	WUST	Zhang Zhidong	The history of WUST dates back to the Hubei Technical Institute ( ) which was founded in 1898 by Zhang Zhidong in the late Qing Dynasty .
per:country_of_birth(e1,e2)	Enya	Ireland	Enya was born and brought up in Gweedore County Donegal in the northwest corner of Ireland .
no_relation	RCA	his	I Am Ready was Wariner's first release for Arista Nashville following tenures on RCA and MCA Nashville and Burnin ' the Roadhouse Down his first for Capitol Records .
org:founded_by(e1,e2)	Holy Cross High School	Congregation of Holy Cross	Bandura Holy Cross High School is a Catholic secondary school founded in 1912 by the Congregation of Holy Cross at Bandura in Nababgonj ( Nawabgonj ) Thana of the Dhaka district of Bangladesh .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Maastricht School of Management	Maastricht	As of June 2012 he is acting Dean-Director of the Maastricht School of Management located in Maastricht The Netherlands .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Kuomintang	Ma Ying-jeou	Main opposition Kuomintang ( KMT ) candidate Ma Ying-jeou scored an avalanche victory by seizing 7.65 million of the votes or some 58 percent of the total edging out his ruling Democratic Progressive Party ( DPP ) rival Frank Hsieh who grabbed 5.44 million votes or 42 percent of the votes .
per:country_of_birth(e1,e2)	He	United States	He was the last Kentucky World War I era veteran and the last known World War I era veteran of the United States .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Doane College	Crete	F. M. Clark was the 12th head football coach for the Doane College Tigers located in Crete Nebraska and he held that position for the 1909 season .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Canada	Stephen Harper	Lawrence Cannon minister of transportation in Canada 's outgoing cabinet was on Thursday named foreign affairs minister in Prime Minister Stephen Harper 's new government .
org:founded(e1,e2)	MLB Network	January 1 2009	With the later agreement between MLB and iN DEMAND expanding the distribution of Extra Innings to cable it was announced the MLB Network will also be carried on most major cable services starting January 1 2009 .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	South Asian Association for Regional Cooperation	Nepal	From 2000 to 2003 he was Director at the Secretariat of the South Asian Association for Regional Cooperation in Kathmandu Nepal .
org:top_members/employees(e2,e1)	Chris Trousdale	Dream Street	She has performed several times with Chris Trousdale a former member of boy band Dream Street .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Stax	Dave	Due to the end of the distribution agreement between Stax and Atlantic Records in May 1968 I Thank You was Sam and Dave 's final single on Stax .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	England	Adeliza of Leuven	The son of Aubrey de Vere II and Adeliza of Clare probably the fourth of five sons and brother of Aubrey de Vere III first earl of Oxford de Vere spent part of his youth at the court of King Henry I of England and his second wife Queen Adeliza of Leuven .
org:founded_by(e1,e2)	Alliance Boots	Boots	Alliance Boots was formed last year in a combination of drug distributor Alliance Unichem PLC and retail chain Boots Group PLC and has about stores in Britain seven other European countries and Thailand .
no_relation	Ethan A. Hitchcock	Interior	Ethan A. Hitchcock Secretary of the Interior under President Theodore Roosevelt tried to stop Phelan but Roosevelt decided that the wild area could be used for the permanent material development of the region .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Mr.	Venezuela	Mr. recently decreed that Venezuela would take control of heavy oil fields in the Orinoco Belt a region southeast of Caracas of so much potential that some experts say it could give the country more reserves than Saudi Arabia .
org:members(e2,e1)	Avianca	Star Alliance	Avianca currently maintains codeshare agreements with airlines in North America South America and Europe ( January 2011 ) : Cargo Codeshare Agreements From 2012 Avianca has codeshare agreements with all members of the Star Alliance .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Treasury	Robert Rubin	Former US Treasury secretary Robert Rubin now at the helm of the world's biggest bank financially strained Citigroup is no stranger to financial turbulence having helped Mexico and Asia ride out their crises .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Japan	Satoshi Kojima	On March 4 2012 at New Japan 's 40th anniversary event Yano and Takashi Iizuka defeated IWGP Tag Team Champions Hiroyoshi Tenzan and Satoshi Kojima in a non-title match with Yano pinning Kojima for the win .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Amarinder Singh	Punjab	Capt. Amarinder Singh ( former CM Punjab ) and S. Narendra Singh Mann are its Chairman and secretary respectively .
per:title(e1,e2)	His	deacon	His father David M. Payne was a Methodist minister and was ordained as a deacon by the Virginia Conference in 1824 .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Benjamin Wright Raymond	Chicago	Raymond was the son of Benjamin Wright Raymond twice Mayor of Chicago .
per:title(e1,e2)	Harold	dancer	Harold went on to work as a solo artist moving to France and touring as a singer and dancer .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	University of Malta	Malta	Maria Camilleri Secretary General MKSU Student's House University of Malta Msida MSD2080 Malta Mob : (356) 79059180 Web : www.mksu.org .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	He	Missouri	He sought election to another term but the Democrats in the Missouri legislature were split between him and Benton while the Whig minority put forward their own man .
org:city_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Lawrenceville School	Lawrenceville	The Lawrenceville School sits across U.S. Route 206 or Main Street from the center of Lawrenceville .
per:country_of_birth(e1,e2)	Marcel Marceau	France	Marcel Marceau was born Marcel Mangel of Jewish parents in Strasbourg France on March 22 1923 .
org:founded_by(e2,e1)	Paramount Pictures	Television	Paramount Pictures had made a couple of attempts in the mid-1950s to produce series themselves under the Telemount ( Television + Paramount ) banner .
no_relation	Chartered Institute of Building	Royal Commonwealth Society	These include : British Expertise The Aga Khan Foundation The Chartered Institute of Building The Chartered Institute of Purchasing Supply Christian Aid International Business Leaders Forum International Chamber of Commerce The Royal Commonwealth Society and the Japan International Cooperation Agency .
org:top_members/employees(e2,e1)	Moore	ABC	After several additional complaints over DC interference Moore decided to wind up his ABC projects intending to only continue with League ( the only title he with O'Neill actually owned ) .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Traian B?sesc	f Buchares	Profile at the Romanian Chamber of Deputies site ; accessed August 21 2010 Following the resignation of Traian B?sesc u to become Mayor o f Buchares t she was named Transport Minister serving from June to December 2000 when the Is?rescu cabinet lost power after an election .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Bharti	India	The company's Zain bid -- dubbed by the media Bharti 's African safari -- is part of its drive to keep up growth momentum alongside its rapid push into rural India as the urban mobile markets become saturated .
no_relation	Ann-Margret	Roger Smith	His ashes were scattered at sea by Ann-Margret Roger Smith and Martin Menard in front of his former Diamond Head estate in Oahu Hawaii .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e2,e1)	Cambridgeshire	Hinchingbrooke school	He moved to Huntingdon Cambridgeshire at the age of 10 and attended Hinchingbrooke school and played for the Godmanchester Rovers youth system .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Japan	Emperor Meiji	When Nicholas cut his trip to Japan short in spite of Emperor Meiji 's apology a young seamstress Yuko Hatakeyama slit her throat with a razor in front of the Kyoto Prefectural Office as an act of public contrition and soon died in a hospital .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	French Polynesia	Gaston Tong Sang	Former French Polynesia President Gaston Tong Sang 's party the To Tatou Ai'a has won 27 of the 57 seats in Sunday's legislative assembly elections of the French Pacific territory unofficial results showed on Tuesday .
org:city_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Winona Lake	Grace Theological Seminary	At the age of 14 he moved to Winona Lake IN when his father Homer A. Kent Sr. accepted a job at Grace Theological Seminary .
per:title(e2,e1)	folk	Bert Jansch	Thirteen Down is the thirteenth album by Scottish folk musician Bert Jansch released in 1980 .
no_relation	Australia	women	Karrie Ann Webb AM ( born 21 December 1974 ) is Australia 's most successful female professional golfer and one of the greatest players in the history of women 's golf .
org:founded(e1,e2)	University of Eastern Finland	2010	Although the University of Eastern Finland launched operations in 2010 cooperation between the University of Joensuu and the University of Kuopio was tight already before the actual merger .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Girija Prasad Koirala	Nepal	During the visit the Norwegian prime minister will meet with Nepali Prime Minister Girija Prasad Koirala General Secretary of the Communist Party of Nepal ( Unified Marxist-Leninist ) Madhav Kumar Nepal and Chairman of the Communist Party of Nepal ( Maoist ) Prachanda .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	UK	Costa Coffee	A number of eating and drinking outlets with seating are provided on a mezzanine floor and in the main mall are leading UK retailers Costa Coffee and Greggs the bakers .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	Hood	Leeds	Hood is a UK-based band from Leeds that formed in 1991 .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	Carlos Mesa	La Paz	At the time MAS-led street protests had toppled the government of former President Carlos Mesa and mobs were threatening to invade government installations in La Paz .
per:title(e2,e1)	President	Nicolas Sarkozy	The procession included French President Nicolas Sarkozy and Britain's Prime Minister Gordon Brown .
org:members(e2,e1)	UCLA	Division I	The 1985 86 UCLA Bruins men's basketball team represented the University of California Los Angeles in the 1985 86 NCAA Division I men's basketball season .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e2,e1)	Maine	Nathan A. Farwell	He was the cousin of Maine Senator Nathan A. Farwell .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Argentina	he	With the onset of the Great Depression in 1929 that impacted Argentina Yrigoyen lost political support as he retrenched government services which resulted in acceleration of unemployment .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Kurt Cobain	Nirvana	He blames the decline of the rock star on Kurt Cobain the superstar lead singer of Nirvana who committed suicide in 1994 .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	France	her	Finally in 1944 Joliot-Curie judged it too dangerous for her family to remain in France and she took her children back to Switzerland .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	calderon	MVR	calderon 's bid for the presidency was supported by a coalition called the Polo ( Patriotic Pole PP ) which besides MVR included the PPT and significant portions of the MAS LCR Movimiento Primero de Mayo and Bandera Roja .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Italy	Louis Moholo	Lacy's first visit to Europe came in 1965 with a visit to Copenhagen in the company of Kenny Drew ; he went to Italy and formed a quartet with Italian trumpeter Enrico Rava and the South African musicians Johnny Dyani and Louis Moholo ( their visit to Buenos Aires is documented on The Forest and the Zoo ESP 1967 ) .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	China	China Agricultural University	Men's Greco-Roman 66 kg competition at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing China was held on August 13 at the China Agricultural University Gymnasium .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	SPDC	Maung Aye	The state funeral which took place at the Mingaladon War Cemetery was attended by Chairman of the State Peace and Development Council ( SPDC ) Senior-General Than Shwe SPDC Vice - Chairman Vice Senior-General Maung Aye SPDC Member General Thura Shwe Mann and Acting Prime Minister and SPDC First Secretary Lieutenant - General Thein Sein .
org:top_members/employees(e1,e2)	Canadian Alliance	Stockwell Day	She later came on staff as a media officer or press aide until 2000 serving through the creation of its first successor party the Canadian Alliance and the leadership of Stockwell Day who defeated Manning for the Alliance leadership .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Agriculture	Mike Johanns	In a letter to Japanese farm minister Toshikatsu Matsuoka US Trade Representative Susan Schwab and Agriculture Secretary Mike Johanns called on Japan to lift the age limit in the regulations Kobayashi said .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Sweden	Ingmar Bergman	STOCKHOLM Sweden -- Swedish film director Ingmar Bergman widely regarded as one of the great masters of modern cinema has died the president of the director's foundation says .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Ho Chi Minh	Vietnam	Ho Chi Minh in his Proclamation of Independence of the Democratic Republic of Vietnam on September 2 1945 used a 2 million figure .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Quinlan Road	Loreena McKennitt	http://www.quinlanroad.com/newsandviews/currentupdates.asp?id=913 Quinlan Road ( Loreena McKennitt 's record label ) press release The site and grounds are kept busy and host numerous public and private events .
org:city_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Reno	Reno Air	Reno Tahoe International was the hub of Reno Air a now-defunct medium sized airline that had MD-80 and MD-90s to many cities until it was bought by American Airlines and later disposed of in 2001 .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Royal Institute of Technology	Sweden	Edward Hult graduated from the KTH Royal Institute of Technology in Sweden in 2005 with a Master of Science degree in Mechanical Engineering .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Lebanese Armed Forces	Lebanon	We are supplying the Lebanese Armed Forces with the equipment armament and training necessary to protect Lebanon and the Lebanese people from threats foreign and domestic he said in a statement .
org:founded(e1,e2)	University of Zurich	1833	The University of Zurich was founded on April 29 1833 when the existing colleges of theology ( founded by Huldrych Zwingli in 1525 ) law and medicine were merged with a new faculty of Philosophy .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Malaysia	Mahathir bin Mohamad	The 4th Prime Minister of Malaysia Tun Dr. Mahathir bin Mohamad officially inaugurated the facility at midnight on 1 January 1998 at midnight .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Portugal	Portuguese Armed Forces	In August 1939 Britain signed a military co-operation agreement with Portugal accepting direct support to the effort of rearmament and modernization of the Portuguese Armed Forces .
org:members(e2,e1)	James Madison University	NCAA	The 2012 13 James Madison Dukes men's basketball team represented James Madison University during the 2012 13 NCAA Division I men's basketball season .
org:members(e1,e2)	Indian Airlines	Air India	In 1989 Indian Airlines introduced the Airbus A320-200 aircraft which Air India now uses to operate both domestic and international short haul flights .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Guizot	France	In 1845 he was sent to Rome by Guizot to discuss the question of the Jesuits being finally appointed ambassador of France for the Papal States .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	his	Austria	Ban said that his predecessor needed to deploy every diplomatic and political skill acquired over a long career including as Austria 's foreign minister and ambassador to the UN .
org:founded(e1,e2)	Evangelical Presbyterian Church	1981	Most UPCNA-heritage congregations entered into the present Presbyterian Church ( USA ) ( which succeeded the UPCUSA in 1983 ) but some of more evangelical conservative orientation departed in the 1970s to denominations such as the Presbyterian Church in America ( founded 1973 ) and the Evangelical Presbyterian Church ( 1981 ) .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Indonesia	Suharto	Health of Indonesia 's Suharto slightly worsens : doctors .
org:city_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Brighton	Brighton Grammar School	Secondary schools within Brighton includes Brighton Grammar School Brighton Secondary College Firbank Girls ' Grammar School Haileybury's Castlefield campus St Leonard's College Xavier College's Kostka Hall junior campus and Star of the Sea College .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Interior	Harold L. Ickes	In November 1934 a scandal erupted as Pearson's execuitive assistant Paul C. Yates was fired by Secretary of the Interior Harold L. Ickes for disloyalty and insubordination and ordered him to return to Washington D.C. for an investigation .
org:members(e2,e1)	VMAQ-4	United States	Marine Tactical Electronic Warfare Squadron 4 ( VMAQ-4 ) is a United States Marine Corps electronic warfare squadron consisting of EA-6B Prowler jets .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Interior	Giuliano Amato	Italian Interior Minister Giuliano Amato indicated Wednesday that general elections set for April 13-14 could be postponed after a court ruled that a small party could take part .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Florida	Ferlita	In accordance with Florida election law Ferlita submitted her resignation to the City Council prior to the elections for County Commission .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Jo Stafford	Columbia	The recording by Jo Stafford was released by Columbia Records as catalog number 39930 .
org:founded_by(e2,e1)	Staffordshire	Staffordshire Fire and Rescue Service	It is incorporated into the logo of the Staffordshire County Cricket Club and of Staffordshire Fire and Rescue Service amongst others .
org:country_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Japan	Marubeni	Japan 's Marubeni buys stakes in Norwegian oil gas fields .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Luxembourg	Prince Louis of Luxembourg	Princess Tessy of Luxembourg ( Tessy Antony ; born 28 October 1985 ) is the wife of Prince Louis of Luxembourg son of Henri Grand Duke of Luxembourg .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Jennifer Nettles	Sugarland	Other successful country music acts from Georgia include Billy Currington Cyndi Thomson Jennifer Nettles of Sugarland Daryle Singletary Doug Stone John Berry Rhett Akins Mark Wills as well as up and coming stars Jason Aldean Brantley Gilbert Luke Bryan Thomas Rhett Kip Moore and Lauren Alaina .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Hezbollah	Lebanon	jpg | Israeli soldiers inspect Hezbollah weaponry captured in Bint Jbeil File : Flickr - Israel Defense Forces - Hezbollah Weaponry Found in the Village of Itron.jpg | An Israeli soldier displays an Rocket Propelled Grenade found in a home located in the Lebanese village of Itron File : Flickr - Israel Defense Forces - Hezbollah Weaponry Found in Lebanon ( 3 ) .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	India	Indira Gandhi	The Indian National Congress ( Organisation ) or Congress ( O ) was a political party in India formed when Indira Gandhi ( then the Congress president ) broke away from the leadership of the Congress Party ( which became known as Congress ( I ) ) .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Risto Ryti	Finland	Risto Ryti 's second cabinet was the 24th government of Republic of Finland .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Tom Bradley	Los Angeles	Mayors Tom Bradley and Richard Riordan appointed Rice to the governing board of Los Angeles Department of Water and Power where she served as president and enacted contracting reforms and environmental advances .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Energy	Samuel Bodman	Energy Secretary Samuel Bodman issued an unusual public statement Thursday saying he had asked for the resignation of Linton Brooks chief of the National Nuclear Security Administration which operates eight major bomb facilities across the nation .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e2,e1)	Illinois	Clinton	Speaking in Mississippi on Monday the Illinois senator said voters should not think they can get both candidates on the ticket by nominating Clinton as president and assuming he will accept the vice presidential spot .
per:origin(e2,e1)	American	Tom Araya	Slayer is an American thrash metal band formed in 1981 by guitarists Kerry King and Jeff Hanneman who recruited vocalist and bassist Tom Araya and drummer Dave Lombardo .
per:country_of_birth(e1,e2)	Diane Tell	Canada	Diane Tell ( born Diane Fortin 24 December 1958 in Quebec City Canada ) is a Canadian singer-songwriter .
per:title(e2,e1)	Finance	Wouter Bos	Dutch Finance Minister Wouter Bos said there was much consternation that in the space of 21 days the Greek deficit surged from 6 to 12 percent .
per:title(e2,e1)	King	John of England	Sir Henry de Grey of Grays Thurrock Essex ( 1155 - 1219 ) was a favourite courtier of King John of England .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Attieh	Lebanon	Attieh was raised in Byblos Lebanon and was a student specializing in radio and TV production .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Elpidio Quirino	Philippines	But due to policy differences with the next president Elpidio Quirino on the leadership of the Armed Forces of the Philippines Kangleon resigned as Defense Secretary on August 31 1950 .
org:top_members/employees(e1,e2)	Cumbria Constabulary	Steve Johnson	The local police force Cumbria Constabulary assigned Chief Superintendent Steve Johnson to the case .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Bruce Foxton	The Jam	Casbah Club is a mod rock band formed in 2004 consisting of guitarist/vocalist Simon Townshend ( brother of Pete Townshend and touring member of The Who ) bassist Bruce Foxton ( The Jam Stiff Little Fingers ) drummer Mark Brzezicki ( Procol Harum Big Country ) and rhythm guitarist Bruce Watson ( Big Country ) .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	Nazia	op group	Nazia and Zoheb ( Urdu : ) were a Pakistani p op group from Karachi Sindh formed in 1980 .
per:title(e2,e1)	Mayor	Wellington Webb	Mayor Wellington Webb inherited the project later and helped screw it up even more .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	St. Nicholas	Columbia Records	An early line-up comprising Rick James St. Nicholas Rick Cameron and guitarist Frank Arnel ( aka Frank Iozzo ) recorded The Mynah Birds Song for Columbia Records in late 1964 as a prospective single .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Humble Pie	Immediate	They eventually chose the name Humble Pie and were signed to Andrew Loog Oldham's record label Immediate Records .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Nicaragua national baseball team	Nicaragua	The Nicaragua national baseball team is the national baseball team of Nicaragua .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	United States	MCain	Lebanese President Michel Sleiman has urged the United States to reverse a decision to ban the Hezbollah television channel Al-Manar during talks with US Senator John MCain .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Suharto	Indonesia	State Secretary Murdiono said Suharto sent a condolence message to acting Prime Minister Shimon Peres stressing Indonesia 's support for the peace efforts in the Middle East .
per:country_of_birth(e1,e2)	Robyn	Sweden	The song peaked at # 6 in Robyn 's native Sweden making it her fifth consecutive top 40 hit there .
per:alternate_names(e2,e1)	Oliver	Landon Pigg	Bliss in the middle of an identity crisis stumbles upon two things she loves : the derby and an alternative rocker named Oliver ( the engaging singer/songwriter Landon Pigg ) .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Interior	Wilhelm Frick	On October 28 1934 Reich Minister of the Interior Wilhelm Frick issued a decree defining the lodges as ?
org:top_members/employees(e2,e1)	Zhang Ping	National Development and Reform Commission	The report was delivered by Zhang Ping minister in charge of the National Development and Reform Commission the top economic planning agency to the 10th session of the Standing Committee of the 11th National People's Congress ( NPC ) the top legislature .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Italy	Alcide De Gasperi	It was opened on 5 February 1953 inaugurated by Prime Minister of Italy Alcide De Gasperi .
org:members(e2,e1)	Tennessee	Ohio Valley Conference	When Murray State begins competition at the NCAA Division I level the Racers will join the University of Tennessee at Martin as the only schools in the Ohio Valley Conference to sponsor equestrian teams at the NCAA level .
per:alternate_names(e2,e1)	The Narcissist	Lex Luger	Before the final match Bobby Heenan a manager and commentator unveiled his newest wrestler The Narcissist Lex Luger .
org:members(e2,e1)	Fudan University	Universitas	Fudan University is also a member of Universitas 21 which is an association of leading universities worldwide .
per:alternate_names(e2,e1)	Anne	Anne of Great Britain	Queen Anne who became Anne of Great Britain following the Acts of Union in 1707 .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Elitsa Todorova	Bulgaria	Elitsa Todorova and Stoyan Yankulov previously represented Bulgaria at the Eurovision Song Contest 2007 where they qualified from the semifinal and achieved 5th place in the final with 157 points .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Singapore	Wee Kim Wee	By virtue of transitional provisions in the Singapore Constitution Ong's predecessor Wee Kim Wee exercised performed and discharged all the functions powers and duties of an elected president as if he had been elected to the office of President by the citizens of Singapore until Ong took office .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	Soilent Green	New Orleans	Soilent Green is a grindcore and sludge metal band that hails from Metairie Louisiana a suburb of New Orleans .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Apolinario Mabini	Philippines	Later at Malolos Bulacan the Malolos Congress modified the declaration upon the insistence of Apolinario Mabini who objected to that the original proclamation essentially placed the Philippines under the protection of the United States .
per:country_of_birth(e1,e2)	William D. Coleman	United States	Notable residents of Kentucky In Africa include William D. Coleman the 13th President of Liberia whose family settled in Clay-Ashland after immigrating from Fayette County Kentucky United States when he was a boy .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Matt Santos	United States	After Matt Santos is elected President of the United States in a narrow victory over Republican Senator Arnold Vinick Josh becomes the White House Chief of Staff of the incoming Santos Administration .
per:countries_of_residence(e2,e1)	Australia	John Howard	Labels : Australia gay marriage John Howard Kevin Rudd LGBT rights .
org:members(e1,e2)	People	Army	During the nearby Second Battle of Naktong Bulge the North Korean People 's Army broke through the US Army's 2nd Infantry Division lines along the Naktong River .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	himself	United States	At the close of Empire political scientist and government adviser Averell Torrent had maneuvered himself into the presidency of the United States .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Paul-Henri Spaak	Belgium	He was Minister of Justice under Paul-Henri Spaak from May 1938 to February 1939 and was the 37th Prime Minister of Belgium from 16 August 1950 to 15 January 1952 .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	Hynde	Akron	Discussing Concrete though it becomes clear that Hynde 's recent thoughts have largely been shaped by a traditional factor : spending more time in her hometown Akron Ohio .
org:top_members/employees(e2,e1)	Mike Jost	band	A few days later Mike Jost also left the band to attend to his duties as a new father .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Levy Mwanawasa	Zambia	Zambian President Levy Mwanawasa said here Saturday that Zambia needs investment instead of loans from developed countries .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	her	Shimmer Women Athletes	On October 13 2007 she made her debut in Shimmer Women Athletes as Ashley Lane .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Merzbow	ZSF Produkt	Numerous Merzbow releases were recorded at ZSF Produkt Studio Masami Akita's home studio .
org:top_members/employees(e1,e2)	YG Entertainment	Yang Hyun Suk	The song marked a change in the group's image as Fire showcased a stronger edgier image ; in contrast YG Entertainment CEO Yang Hyun Suk stated that I Do n't Care would enable the group to display a softer more feminine image .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	FRELIMO	Samora Machel	FRELIMO then established a one-party state based on Marxist principles with Samora Machel as President .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Interior	Wilhelm Frick	At the same time the Interior Minister Dr. Wilhelm Frick threatened to impose harsh penalties on those Party members who ignored the order of 8 August and continued to assault Jews .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Scott Stapp	Creed	iTunes compared Wade's voice on the album to Eddie Vedder Scott Stapp of Creed and Scott Weiland .
org:members(e1,e2)	USSR	Navy	From 1952 1972 more than 200 ships were built these included ; 7 bulk carriers type Irgiz 46 reefers type Tavriya 14 timber-carriers type Sibirles ( for the USSR Navy ) 15 fishing trawlers type Altay ( for the Murmansk trawler fleet ) .
per:origin(e2,e1)	Nepal	Prachanda	After concluding the meeting party spokesperson Dina Nath Sharma said to media persons that China wants to see establishment of permanent peace and development in Nepal when quoting Prachanda as saying while briefing party leaders at the central committee meeting .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Provincial League	Thailand	The proposed merger of the Provincial League and Thai Premier League into one entity though supported by the The Football Association of Thailand had been attempted several times without success .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	Meek	London	It is more likely that the effects were created in Meek 's recording studio which was a small flat above a shop in Holloway Road North London .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	Amarinder Singh	Punjab	He is married to the daughter of Yadavindra Singh of Patiala Maharajkumari Heminder Kaur and is hence brother-in-law to Amarinder Singh the current Maharaja of Patiala and a former chief minister of Punjab .
org:city_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Chicago	Chicago Mercantile Exchange	IntercontinentalExchange Inc. said Wednesday it reached a deal that in effect sweetens the Atlanta energy exchange operator's bid to buy the Chicago Board of Trade putting more pressure on rival bidder the Chicago Mercantile Exchange .
org:top_members/employees(e2,e1)	Moore	ABC	Moore wrote the last issue of Tom Strong and two 64-page Tomorrow Stories specials offering a final farewell to most of ABC 's characters .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	Mitterrand	Paris	After the end of the war Mitterrand found Antelme in a terrible state while visiting the Dachau concentration camp and organised his return to Paris ; Mitterrand later reported that he had almost not heard Antelme's soft-voiced call to him .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	De La Salle University	Philippines	Internationally the Ateneo de Manila University De La Salle University the University of the Philippines and the University of Santo Tomas are those that had been regularly listed as among the region and world's top universities in league tables and surveys such as in the now-defunct Asiaweek university rankings ( which last ranked universities in 1999 and 2000 ) Asiaweek 2000 rankings .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Chiodos	Cinematic Sunrise	Owens and Bell were both in Chiodos at the time Cinematic Sunrise was formed .
per:title(e1,e2)	Issa	musician	Issa Bagayogo ( born 1961 ) is a Malian musician .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	his	Studio One	They backed Burning Spear on his debut album Studio One Presents Burning Spear .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Arias	Costa Rica	Arias served as President of Costa Rica from 1986 to 1990 .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Melvins	Buzz Osborne	Jones and Melvins Guitarist/Vocalist Buzz Osborne are close friends .
org:city_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Moscow	University of Idaho	Moscow -- a community of about people -- is home to the University of Idaho .
org:members(e1,e2)	Los Angeles Galaxy	Taylor	On February 2 1997 the Los Angeles Galaxy selected Taylor in the first round ( ninth overall ) of the 1997 MLS Supplemental Draft .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Sweden	Fredrik Reinfeldt	During his stay in Sweden Xi discussed with Swedish King Carl XVI Gustaf Prime Minister Fredrik Reinfeldt Parliament Speaker Per Westerberg and industry leaders on further strengthening relations between the two countries as well as international and regional issues of common concern .
org:founded_by(e2,e1)	Shahrukh Khan	Red Chillies Entertainment	It is the first film of Shahrukh Khan 's production company Red Chillies Entertainment and Farah Khan's directorial debut film .
org:top_members/employees(e2,e1)	Clostermann	No. 341 Squadron RAF	After training at RAF Cranwell and 61 OTU Clostermann a sergeant pilot was posted in January 1943 to No. 341 Squadron RAF ( known to the Free French as Groupe de Chasse n 3/2 Alsace ) flying the Supermarine Spitfire .
per:alternate_names(e2,e1)	Tun	Dr Mahathir	YBhg Tan Sri Dr Yahya Awang who was the cardiac surgeon responsible for performing the first cardiac coronary bypass on Tun Dr Mahathir will be heading the surgery team .
org:top_members/employees(e1,e2)	DMK	Murasoli	The Sino-Indian war does not seem to be a decisive factor in dropping the demand for Dravida Nadu ; prominent DMK leaders Era Sezhiyan and Murasoli Maran have stated that the demand for Dravida Nadu had been dropped in practice before 1962 .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Treasury	Selwyn Lloyd	He then served four years as a junior minister in the Treasury Economic Secretary to the Treasury from 1959 to 1962 and following the Night of the Long Knives on 13 July 1962 as Financial Secretary to the Treasury from 1962 to 1963 ( under the Chancellorships of Derick Heathcoat Amory Selwyn Lloyd and Reginald Maudling ) .
org:top_members/employees(e2,e1)	Ron Sandler	Northern Rock	But Ron Sandler the new executive chairman of Northern Rock said that would take some time .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Harold Wilson	United Kingdom	Malcolm Newton Shepherd 2nd Baron Shepherd ( Hereditary ) and also Baron Shepherd of Spalding ( Life Peerage ) ( 27 September 1918 5 April 2001 ) was a British Labour politician and peer who served as Leader of the House of Lords under Harold Wilson and James Callaghan and member of the Privy Council of the United Kingdom .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	The Manila Times	Philippines	The Manila Times is the oldest existing English language newspaper in the Philippines .
per:title(e1,e2)	Mark E. Smith	songwriter	As with the group's preceding album 2008's Imperial Wax Solvent the line-up consists of Mark E. Smith ( vocals ) the group's chief songwriter and only constant member as well as his wife Eleni Poulou ( keyboards and vocals ) Dave The Eagle Spurr ( bass ) Peter Greenway ( guitar ) and Keiron Melling ( drums ) .
org:top_members/employees(e1,e2)	BHP Billiton	Marius Kloppers	Australia's proposed 40 percent tax on resources profits could not only drive investment overseas but impact expansion at BHP Billiton 's Olympic Dam mine chief executive Marius Kloppers said Sunday .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Alexander Downer	Australia	Australian Foreign Minister Alexander Downer has said Australia should be a haven for Burmese asylum seekers following the recent heavy-handed crackdown on protesters against the military regime .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Albania	Bamir Topi	The fans providing the atmosphere inside the stadium as always were the ' Tirona Fanatic ' another notable fan was former chairman of KF Tirana and the president of Albania Bamir Topi who had taken up his normal place in the V.I.P section of the stadium .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e2,e1)	California	Phil Lesh	Known among friends and colleagues as T.C. Tom Constanten wrote orchestral pieces as a teenager while growing up in Las Vegas and studied astronomy and music at University of California Berkeley where he met future Grateful Dead bassist Phil Lesh in the summer of 1961 .
org:members(e1,e2)	Allied	RAF Gibraltar	Following the major reorganization of the Allied air forces at the Casablanca Conference in January 1943 RAF Gibraltar became a major sub-command of the Mediterranean Air Command under Air Chief Marshal Sir Arthur Tedder in February 1943 .
per:country_of_birth(e2,e1)	Vietnam	Ho Chi Minh	Trong said that the seminar offers an opportunity for Vietnam to listen to international friends to understand deeper about the life and great ideas of Ho Chi Minh to explore more about the theoretical and practical values of his legacy in the current era .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Alfonso Portillo	Guatemalan Republican Front	He won the first round in November and then narrowly beat Alfonso Portillo of the Guatemalan Republican Front ( FRG Frente Republicano Guatemalteco ) in the second round in January 1996 gaining 51.2 percent of the vote .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Tommy Thompson	Health and Human Services	The day was recognised with statements by Tommy Thompson as Secretary of Health and Human Services and Anthony Fauci as Director of National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases Activities were organised in almost 250 cities in 45 states to increase HIV awareness among Latinos and to address the stigma and discrimination associated with AIDS and attracted sponsors including American Airlines Verizon Foundation Abbott Laboratories Boehringer Ingelheim Terra PR Newswire Viacom Univision and NBC/Telemundo .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Nepal	Prachanda	The leader of Nepal 's Maoists Prachanda was sworn in as prime minister of the world's youngest republic Monday an AFP reporter witnessed.The former rebel chief was on Friday overwhelmingly voted in as Nepal's new premier by lawmakers in the country's constitutional assembly which had abolished the unpopular monarchy in May .
org:members(e1,e2)	CAR Castel Beer Trophy	Niger	The Benin national rugby union team has not competed since 2005 when they appeared in the north section of the CAR Castel Beer Trophy after being defeated by Togo and Mali and drawing with Niger .
per:country_of_birth(e1,e2)	Zubir Said	Indonesia	Zubir Said B.B.M. ( 22 July 1907 16 November 1987 ) was a Singaporean composer originally from the Minangkabau highlands of Indonesia who composed the national anthem of Singapore Majulah Singapura ( Onward Singapore ) .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Randy Jackson	Motown Records	Youngest brother Randy Jackson joined the group after Jermaine stayed with Motown Records and the brothers went to Epic/CBS Records .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	Russell A. Alger	U.S.	Russell A. Alger senior served as the Governor of Michigan a United States Senator from Michigan and the U.S. Secretary of War .
per:country_of_birth(e1,e2)	Qureshi	Pakistan	Qureshi said he kept quiet on the Davis case earlier upon instructions from the leadership of the Pakistan People's Party ( PPP ) but implied that his stance on the matter had cost him his job .
org:top_members/employees(e2,e1)	Okonkwo	Voice of Nigeria	Okereke and Okonkwo are respectively senior journalists with private newspaper Champion and Voice of Nigeria ( VON ) the external arm of state-run Radio Nigeria .
per:employee_of(e1,e2)	George Washington	Continental Army	The medal was created for George Washington in 1783 in Paris by Pierre Charles L'Enfant the Continental Army commander who ultimately designed the street plan for Washington D.C .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	HSBC Bank	China	Due to our current limited number of local outlets and resources we will focus on providing wealth management services said Vincent Cheng chairman of HSBC Bank ( China ) Company Ltd .
per:countries_of_residence(e1,e2)	Kurt Waldheim	Austria	UN's Ban Ki-moon meets Kurt Waldheim in Austria .
org:founded(e1,e2)	National Defense Medical Center	1902	The former institute of the National Defense Medical Center established by Yuan Shikai in Tianjin China in 1902 was recognized as the first military school in Chinese history .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	Kilmarnock	Scotland	The final two episodes of the series were never broadcast due to legal issues.Debate over housing estate portrayal on ' The Scheme ' stv.tv 19 May 2010The Scheme a TV documentary of life on a Kilmarnock estate has already been dubbed Scotland 's Shameless .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e2,e1)	New York	William H. Seward	Ex-Governor of New York William H. Seward was nominated by a caucus of Whig State legislators on February 1 1849 .
per:country_of_birth(e1,e2)	Castro	Cuba	Though Castro exercised the presidential duties of the state Fidel Castro retained the title of President of Cuba formally the President of the Council of State of Cuba during this period .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e2,e1)	Ohio	Sherrod Brown	HEALTH-CARE-BROWN -- DAYTON Ohio -- U.S. Sen. Sherrod Brown said Friday that he believes President Obama should have a health reform bill -- one with a government-run insurance plan and universal coverage -- on his desk by late fall .
per:title(e2,e1)	Prime Minister	Jean Eyeghe Ndong	Interim president Rose Francine Rogombe the Senate speaker also attended with Prime Minister Jean Eyeghe Ndong and many other members of the cabinet .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Navy	Frank Knox	King's biographer speculated that his dislike for Horne stemmed from Secretary of the Navy Frank Knox 's attempt to relieve King of one of his COMINCH-CNO titles .
per:alternate_names(e2,e1)	Archduke	Archduke Franz Ferdinand of Austria	Only a few days after the closure of the congress on June 28 1914 Archduke Franz Ferdinand Austria-Hungary's crownprince and his wife Sophie ( Marie Henrieta's cousin ) were Assassination of Archduke Franz Ferdinand of Austria in Saraevo .
per:origin(e2,e1)	Iranian	Saeed Jalili	Spokeswoman Cristina Gallach says EU foreign policy chief Javier Solana will meet with Iranian nuclear negotiator Saeed Jalili .
org:founded(e1,e2)	Shawnee Mission Northwest	1969	Shawnee Mission West opened in 1962 Shawnee Mission South in 1966 and Shawnee Mission Northwest in 1969 .
org:country_of_headquarters(e1,e2)	University of Edinburgh	Scotland	He became a lecturer at the University of Edinburgh before becoming Secretary of the Royal Commission on the Ancient and Historical Monuments of Scotland ( RCAHMS ) .
org:top_members/employees(e1,e2)	SNP	Alex Salmond	In a joint statement the Greens said they would support SNP leader Alex Salmond for the post of first minister and in return the nationalists would appoint one of the environmental party's two lamwakers to a ministerial post .
org:top_members/employees(e1,e2)	Congress of South African Trade Unions	Zwelinzima Vavi	The General Secretary of the Congress of South African Trade Unions Zwelinzima Vavi wrote the following letter to the trustees of the Labour Job Creation Trust on 9 April 2008 : .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	East Cameroon	Ahmadou Ahidjo	On 18 November 1965 East Cameroon Prime Minister Vincent de Paul Ahanda was dismissed from office due to a dispute with President Ahmadou Ahidjo .
org:founded_by(e1,e2)	Tigon Studios	Vin Diesel	Tigon Studios is a video game production company owned by One Race Films focused primarily on games featuring or starring actor Vin Diesel who also founded the company .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Navy	Claude A. Swanson	During FDR's tenure Rapidan Camp was used by Cabinet members particularly Secretary of the Navy Claude A. Swanson who spent much time at camp until he died there in 1939 .
org:top_members/employees(e2,e1)	Saravanan	Army	The 27-year-old officer Saravanan as a Major in the Indian Army fell defending the peaks of Batalik in the Kargil war .
org:founded(e1,e2)	HSBC	1865	HSBC founded in Hong Kong and Shanghai in 1865 would remain headquartered in London and regulated by Britain while CEO Michael Geoghegan would relocate in February to be nearer the group's largest and most important region of operation .
per:title(e2,e1)	Prime Minister	Lester B. Pearson	He is the son of former diplomat Geoffrey Pearson and grandson of the former Canadian Prime Minister Lester B. Pearson .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	Ramos-Horta	East Timor	overland home page Standing before The UN Independent Special Commission of Inquiry for Timor-Leste whose major report was released in 2006 Arnold Kohen a U.S activist vitally important to the raising of western consciousness of the catastrophe since 1975 testified that When Ramos-Horta and Bishop Carlos Belo of East Timor were honored with the Nobel Peace Prize Chomsky responded That was great a wonderful thing .
org:top_members/employees(e2,e1)	Toshio Suzuki	Studio Ghibli	Le Guin remembers this differently : In August 2005 Mr Toshio Suzuki of Studio Ghibli came with Mr Hayao Miyazaki to talk with me and my son ( who controls the trust which owns the Earthsea copyrights ) .
org:members(e1,e2)	Division I	Georgia Southern Eagles	Appalachian carried a 30 game winning streak the longest in Division I at the time before losing to the Georgia Southern Eagles on October 20 2007 .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Belgium	Paul-Henri Spaak	Daughter of former Prime Minister of Belgium Paul-Henri Spaak granddaughter of the first female member of the Belgian Senate Marie Janson and great-niece of Prime Minister Janson Spaak was born into a leading Belgian political family .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	He	Baltimore	He represents the 44th Legislative District ( Baltimore City ) in the Maryland House of Delegates and is the current Vice-Chair of the Baltimore City Delegation .
org:top_members/employees(e1,e2)	reuters	Deven Sharma	According to Reuters News Service reuters announced on August 23 2011 that Deven Sharma will step down as a Chief of Standard Poor's effective September 12 2011 and will leave the company by end of the year .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Agriculture	Mike Johanns	The designation by Agriculture Secretary Mike Johanns announced Monday makes growers eligible to apply for emergency loans that carry an annual interest rate of 3.75 percent .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	MAS	Evo Morales	In 2006 the MAS won the elections and Evo Morales became president of the Republic .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	David Christopherson	Hamilton	The seat was formerly held by NDP David Christopherson who had stepped down to enter the City of Hamilton mayoral race .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Warringah	Tony Abbott	Balgowlah Heights is in the federal electorate of Warringah ( a seat held by Tony Abbott of the Liberal Party of Australia ) the state electorate of Manly ( a seat held by Liberal Party MP Michael Baird ) and is within the local council area of Manly .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	El Salvador	Antonio Saca	Jordan and El Salvador signed a bilateral cooperation agreement on Thursday during a meeting between King Abdullah II and Salvadoran President Elias Antonio Saca Petra news agency said .
org:city_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Tampa	University of Tampa	The 1963 Tampa Spartans football team represented the University of Tampa in the 1963 college football season .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	Anita Baker	Detroit	A year later Anita Baker joined Chapter 8 in Detroit .
org:top_members/employees(e2,e1)	George Meade	Army of the Potomac	The six-line two-sentence note reminds Halleck then the Union army's general in chief that the besieged Confederate city of Vicksburg Miss. appears to have fallen and that if Gen. George Meade 's Union Army of the Potomac can destroy Lee `` the rebellion '' may be over .
org:members(e1,e2)	G-Unit	Lloyd Banks	It features guest appearances by mainly G-Unit artists 50 Cent Lloyd Banks Tony Yayo Young Buck and Nyce as well as Mary J. Blige and Nate Dogg .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	Miller	Paris	Miller who died in 1977 aged 70 was a top model in New York during the 1920s before moving to Paris and meeting Man Ray the leading surrealist who became her lover used her as a model and taught her about photography .
org:top_members/employees(e1,e2)	Overstock.com	Patrick Byrne	He criticized Overstock.com CEO Patrick Byrne and his campaign against naked short selling .
org:founded(e1,e2)	JAPANESE COMMUNIST PARTY	1922	-- JAPANESE COMMUNIST PARTY : The Communist Party was founded in 1922 but legalised only after World War II .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Exchequer	Gordon Brown	It was proposed by former British Chancellor of the Exchequer Gordon Brown in the summer of 1998 who wanted to bring the entrepreneurial spirit of MIT to British universities .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Free Patriotic Movement	Michel Aoun	Arslan stressed that he will stay in alliance with Syria and described Christian Free Patriotic Movement leader Michel Aoun as a historic leader .
per:title(e1,e2)	Scorsese	screenwriter	Scorsese looked for a screenwriter and filmmaker Volker recommended Donald Westlake .
org:city_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Westminster	Westminster Academy	Westminster has four entries in the National Register of Historic Places : The District includes the following buildings : Westminster was the site of Westminster Academy incorporated in 1833 .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	Griffo	Rome	Griffo went through the Rome public school system and graduated from Rome Free Academy High School in 1974 .
org:founded(e1,e2)	Heritage High School	1996	The Heritage High School established in 1996 is a public school in Newport News Virginia USA .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Paris	Jacques Chirac	Paris City Council is deciding whether to agree to a deal in which former mayor and French President Jacques Chirac would compensate City Hall for losses incurred during a corruption scandal .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e2,e1)	Georgia	Walter F. George	Support from the USACE along with Georgia Senators Walter F. George and Richard Russell and Georgia Congressman Paul Brown were important towards getting President Franklin D. Roosevelt blessing in a 1935 plan .
org:founded(e1,e2)	league	1989	The league was established in 1989 .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	State	John Hay	Dinsmore succeeded in getting Rhee a brief meeting with Secretary of State John Hay but Rhee's mission would ultimately end in failure .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Beach Boys	Mike Kowalski	Like Five Leaves Left the album contains no unaccompanied songs : Drake was accompanied by part of the British folk rock group Fairport Convention and John Cale from The Velvet Underground as well as Beach Boys musicians Mike Kowalski and Ed Carter .
org:founded(e1,e2)	FIBA World Championship	1950	The country earned a bronze medal in the first men's FIBA World Championship held in 1950 and won a second bronze medal when Chile hosted the 1959 FIBA World Championship .
per:title(e1,e2)	Edward Coley Burne-Jones	designer	Sir Edward Coley Burne-Jones 1st Baronet A.R.A. ( 28 August 1833 17 June 1898 ) was a British artist and designer closely associated with the later phase of the Pre-Raphaelite movement who worked closely with William Morris on a wide range of decorative arts as a founding partner in Morris Marshall Faulkner and Company .
per:title(e2,e1)	actor	Jack May	She married the actor the late Jack May in 1957 and has two children Henrietta and David .
org:city_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	West Bank	Birzeit University	A bright student he was accepted at the West Bank 's prestigious Birzeit University in 1998 .
per:title(e2,e1)	Prime Minister	Jean Eyeghe Ndong	Gabon's government led by Prime Minister Jean Eyeghe Ndong was reappointed Friday after earlier resigning in line with a court ruling following the death of president Omar Bongo Ondimba .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	ormer	ember Vlada Di	The musicians which were by their own words influenced by Korni Grupa include Smak guitarist Radomir Mihajlovi? To?ak guitarist and former Leb i Sol member Vlatko Stefanovski singer-songwriter ?or?e singer-songwriter and f ormer Idoli m ember Vlada Di vljan and singer and former Bulevar and Bajaga i Instruktori member Dejan Cuki? .
per:alternate_names(e2,e1)	The Jackson 5	Jackson	Although Motown eventually let the group go The Jackson 5 were forced to change their name to The Jacksons because Motown retained the Jackson 5 trademark during the settlement of the lawsuit .
per:title(e2,e1)	singer	Ralph McTell	It was presented by singer Ralph McTell and actress Nerys Hughes .
per:title(e2,e1)	doctor	Lovisa	She mentioned both the doctor Lovisa and the engraver Sofia Ahlbom in her work .
org:founded(e1,e2)	North Leigh F.C.	1908	North Leigh F.C. is an association football club founded in 1908 .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e2,e1)	Quebec	William Lyon Mackenzie King	He was appointed to the Senate for the Gulf Quebec division on 3 March 1944 following nomination by Prime Minister William Lyon Mackenzie King .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	Paul von Hindenburg	Neudeck	Part 1 - Munich's Feldherrnhalle scene of the failed Beer Hall Putsch the Hotel Hanslbauer site of the Night of the Long Knives Paul von Hindenburg 's Neudeck estate the Tannenberg Memorial the Obersalzberg retreat including Hitler's Berghof the small Teehaus on the Mooslahnerkopf the Platterhof Hotel Martin Bormann's guest house the Gutsof Hermann Alpine chalet Albert Speer's architectural design studio the SS Barracks and Kehlsteinhaus more commonly known as the Eagle's Nest .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Colorado	Wayne Allard	Colorado Republican Sen. Wayne Allard said Monday he will not run for re-election in 2008 honoring a pledge he made in 1996 to serve only two six-year terms .
per:country_of_birth(e2,e1)	Afghanistan	Burhanuddin Rabbani	Initially there were two candidates who had declared to run : former president of Afghanistan and Northern Alliance leader Burhanuddin Rabbani and the American-backed chairman of the Afghan Interim Administration Hamid Karzai .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Health	Chua Soi Lek	Health Minister Chua Soi Lek said Tee had to undergo a second transplant on Friday as her body rejected the first organ the official Bernama news agency said .
per:alternate_names(e2,e1)	Shaan	Sonu Nigam	Some of his students are singers in the field of Indian playback singing : Asha Bhosle Manna Dey Geeta Dutt Hariharan Shaan Sonu Nigam Sagarika Shilpa Rao Rahman Alisha Chinnoy Ankita Dixit Amitabh Narayan Mohd Faizan etc .
org:top_members/employees(e2,e1)	nyin :	ean of Renmin University of China Law	Han Dayuan ( Chinese : ; Pi nyin : cute;n born October 1960 ) is the D ean of Renmin University of China Law School and Deputy Director of the Constitutional Law Institute of China Law Society .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Rough Trade	The Libertines	Palma Violets signed to Rough Trade Records in May 2012 a label that features The Libertines The Strokes and The Smiths as signed artists .
org:city_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Dubai	Emirates airline	Dubai 's Emirates airline sponsors the Serie A club .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	United Arab Emirates	Al Nahyan	jpeg | AE027 .03 ; United Arab Emirates ; 6 August 2003 ; 2003 ; Politics Government ; ; ; Zayed - Pride of Arabs - 37th Anniversary of the Accession Day of H.H. Sheikh Zayed Bin Sultan Al Nahyan President of the U.A.E. ; 40 mm ; 40 mm ; 0.50 AED ; 2 ; sheet of 50 ; ; 13 x 13 ; Emirates Post ; Oriental Press - Bahrain ; http://www.emiratespost.ae/;/stamps/ AE027 .03 / AE027.03-250 .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	Wentz	Chicago	Buoyed by thunderous guitars Wentz 's witty lyrics and singer Patrick Stump's frantic but soulful warble the Chicago foursome who play the Ford Amphitheatre on Friday has ascended to punk royalty since 2003 when the guys released their first album Take This To Your Grave on Tampa's Fueled by Ramen Records .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	John LaFarge	New York City	He painted murals designed the decorative elements and continued the work of John LaFarge at the Church of Saint Paul the Apostle ( also known as the Paulist Fathers Church ) on 59th Street and 9th Avenue New York City .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	Dennis Tito	Star City	American businessman Dennis Tito received training at the Yuri Gagarin Cosmonaut Training Center in Star City in Russia .
org:top_members/employees(e1,e2)	Traveling Wilburys	Roy Orbison	However he rates a number of other projects as bloopers including Blind Faith the country and western supergroup The Highwaymen ( who were a supergroup specifically of the Outlaw Country subgenre of country music and included Johnny Cash Waylon Jennings Willie Nelson and Kris Kristofferson ; The Traveling Wilburys ( the Wilburys were seriously affected by the death of member Roy Orbison shortly after releasing their first album ) ; Audioslave ; Zwan ; Eyes Adrift ; and The Good the Bad the Queen .
org:top_members/employees(e1,e2)	Army of the Cumberland	William S. Rosecrans	When General Buell was relieved of command in October 1862 Morton would become chief of engineers of the Army of the Cumberland under General William S. Rosecrans .
per:title(e1,e2)	Tony Sheridan	musician	Alongside Tony Sheridan Billy Preston was the only other musician to be credited on a Beatles recording : the artists on the number-one hit Get Back are given as The Beatles with Billy Preston .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Australia	Ben Chifley	He was later endorsed by the United Australia Party to contest the federal seat of Macquarie held by Ben Chifley the Labor Minister for Defence .
per:title(e1,e2)	Castro	President	As of April 2011 the First Secretary of the Communist Party of Cuba is Castro the President of Cuba younger brother of the previous First Secretary and President of Cuba Fidel Castro and the Second Secretary is Machado Ventura .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Punjab	Amarinder Singh	Punjab Chief Minister Amarinder Singh has resigned .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Windsor	Rick Limoges	Francis was first elected to Windsor City Council in a by-election in June 1999 following the resignation of Rick Limoges .
org:members(e1,e2)	Timken Senior High School	Trojans	Presently it is the home field for the McKinley Senior High School Bulldog football team and the Timken Senior High School Trojans football team and two colleges : Walsh University and Malone University .
org:founded(e1,e2)	Mount de Sales Academy	1876	Also named in his honor Mount de Sales Academy in Macon Georgia was founded by the Sisters of Mercy in 1876 .
per:stateorprovinces_of_residence(e2,e1)	Quebec	Robert Bourassa	From 1989 to 1991 he was the Quebec Liberal Party coordinator and from 1991 to 1994 he was the constituency assistant to former Quebec Premier Robert Bourassa .
per:title(e1,e2)	Collins	actor	Collins ' biological father Robert Latta was a New York stage actor .
org:city_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	both	University of	Having carried out her traineeship for her Assesorexamen in both Brussels and Paris she became postdoctoral scholar at the Institute for Bavarian and German Legal History at the University of under Professor Dietmar Willoweit from 1996-1999 .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	State	Thomas DiNapoli	By Erik German ( c ) 2008 Newsday ALBANY N.Y. -- State Comptroller Thomas DiNapoli released an audit Tuesday of the state sex offender registry that while generally positive found significant flaws with its administration .
org:founded(e1,e2)	AMREP Corporation	1961	AMREP Corporation is a real estate and media services company based in Princeton New Jersey in the United States and was founded in 1961 as The American Realty and Petroleum Corporation .
org:founded(e1,e2)	UBBS	1964	UB began as a part of a larger university system known as UBBS or the University of Bechuanaland ( Botswana ) Basotoland ( Lesotho ) and Swaziland ; which was founded in 1964 to reduce the three countries ' reliance on tertiary education in apartheid-era South Africa .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Thailand	Surayud Chulanont	He was hospitalised by the patronage of Her Majesty Queen Sirikit and was paid a tribute on his funeral by the then Premier of Thailand General Surayud Chulanont .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	Sirikitiya	San Diego	Sirikitiya stayed in San Diego with her father and graduated from high school in 2003 .
per:title(e2,e1)	hunter	Ted Nugent	Outgoing Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin has made an appearance on a radio talk show where she was welcomed by gun rights enthusiasts including rock n ' roller turned avid hunter Ted Nugent .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	French Polynesia	Oscar Temaru	Gaston Flosse was then elected president of French Polynesia by the territorial assembly on 23 February 2008 with the support of the pro-independence party led by Oscar Temaru while Oscar Temaru was elected speaker of the territorial assembly with the support of the anti-independence party led by Gaston Flosse .
per:origin(e2,e1)	United States	John Adams	In the 1796 United States presidential election he was a Federalist elector for President supporting Federalist candidate John Adams against Democratic-Republican Party candidate Thomas Jefferson .
per:title(e1,e2)	Jason Scott Lee	martial artist	Jason Scott Lee ( born November 19 1966 ) is an American actor and martial artist .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	Bernie Mac	Chicago	Comedian Bernie Mac is in a Chicago hospital with pneumonia .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Rhodesia	Ian Smith	The imperious and intolerant ( Godwin Hancock 1993 ) Field was elected to his and many others surprise as Rhodesia 's first Rhodesian Front Prime Minister in the 1962 general election and served until he was replaced by Ian Smith in 1964 .
org:top_members/employees(e1,e2)	Copal Partners	Joel Perlman	Copal Partners was started up with just and Mr Khosla persuaded Joel Perlman an old London School of Economics classmate and former McKinsey consultant to join .
org:city_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Ottawa	Le Droit	This left Southam Newspapers's Ottawa Citizen as the only major English language newspaper in Ottawa ( Le Droit remaining the only French language daily newspaper in Ottawa ) .
per:title(e1,e2)	Joey Ramone	singer	Do n't Worry About Me is the first album released by Joey Ramone as a solo artist although he previously had many releases with the Ramones as their lead singer .
per:title(e1,e2)	Sammy Cahn	Lyricist	That same year he was the winner of The ASCAP Foundation Sammy Cahn Lyricist Award .
per:title(e2,e1)	President	Hosni Mubarak	The Egyptian Gazette : -- Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak Saturday opened Cairo's Islamic Art Museum the world's biggest museum of its kind after an eight-year facelift .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	SPD	Gesine Schwan	The Social Democrats ( SPD ) named respected academic Gesine Schwan to challenge President Horst Koehler who will stand for a second term next year .
per:employee_of(e2,e1)	Foreign Affairs	Maxime Verhagen	The Dutch remain opposed to inviting president Lukashenko to attend a summit in May in Vienna where the program was to be launched ; such an invitation Dutch Ministry of Foreign Affairs ( Netherlands ) | Minister of Foreign Affairs Maxime Verhagen contends would trivialize his dismal human rights record .
org:top_members/employees(e1,e2)	URI	Robert Carothers	Current organizational members of the coalition include : RIPAC is also endorsed by Providence Mayor David Cicilline URI President Robert Carothers Brown University AIDS Program Director Dr. Kenneth Mayer and Dr. Jody Rich ( Professor of Medicine and Community Health at Brown Medical School and Attending Physician at The Miriam Hospital ) .
org:founded_by(e2,e1)	Willie Nelson	The Highwaymen	In November 2009 Coleman released Willie Waylon an ode to Willie Nelson and Waylon Jennings and The Highwaymen which pays tribute to their legendary character and their extensive contribution to country music .
org:city_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	UK	GKN	In Hadley Castle off the A442 Denso Manufacturing UK Ltd make car air-conditioning systems and GKN Wheels make car wheels .
per:origin(e2,e1)	Argentine	Daniel Filmus	Buenos Aires is represented in the Argentine Senate by three senators ( as of 2011 Eugenia Estenssoro Samuel Cabanchik and Daniel Filmus ) .
per:country_of_birth(e2,e1)	Japan	Ken	Japan dominated the annual Asian Football Confederation awards with Gamba's Akira Nishino winning coach of the year and late Japan Football Association president Ken Naganuma handed a lifetime achievement award .
org:founded(e1,e2)	University of Wales	1893	The University of Wales was founded in Wales in 1893 as a federal university with three foundation colleges : University College Wales ( now Aberystwyth University ) which had been founded in 1872 and University College North Wales ( now Bangor University ) and University College South Wales and Monmouthshire ( now Cardiff University ) which were founded following the Aberdare Report in 1881 .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	Radcliffe	London	Hopkins ' part is now being played by Richard Griffiths who co-starred with Radcliffe in the 2007 London production of Equus and who portrays nasty Uncle Vernon in all those spectacularly successful Harry Potter movies .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	Marmalade	Glasgow	Marmalade was a Scottish pop rock group from the east end of Glasgow originally formed in 1961 as the Gaylords and then later billed as Dean Ford and the Gaylords .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	Louis the German	Swabia	In the spring of 839 Louis the German invaded Swabia Pepin II and his Gascon subjects fought all the way to the Loire and the Danes returned to ravage the Frisian coast ( sacking Dorstad for a second time ) .
org:members(e1,e2)	Bad Boy Records	The Hitmen	It was released on January 13 1998 through Bad Boy Records and featured production from The Hitmen Dame Grease and Swizz Beatz .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	She	Houston	She requires constant care at the Miller home in Sealy Texas west of Houston .
per:origin(e2,e1)	Chinese	Jia Qinglin	The following are some of the major international news stories to be covered or pursued by Xinhua on Thursday : -- Roundup : Chinese top political advisor Jia Qinglin visits South Africa .
per:country_of_birth(e2,e1)	England	Charles	Cowper was born in 1807 in Lancashire in England and was the third son of William Cowper and Hannah Horner who migrated to New South Wales when Charles was only two years old .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	Brian Masse	Windsor	With Brian Masse 's May 2002 by-election victory in the Windsor West riding the party's caucus grew to 14 members .
per:cities_of_residence(e1,e2)	Jeanne Moreau	Paris	For example in 1957 Shaw portrayed fashion designer Coco Chanel actress Jeanne Moreau and model Suzy Parker during a single shoot in Chanel's Paris apartment and fashion house .
org:founded_by(e2,e1)	Tim Berners-Lee	World Wide Web Consortium	Tim Berners-Lee a founding father of the Internet and the director of the World Wide Web Consortium ( W3C ) said the small screens on portable devices will be a pathway to giant screens .
org:founded_by(e2,e1)	Moses Hazen	2nd Canadian Regiment	Jean-Baptiste Hamelin ( August 9 1733 September 23 1804 ) was a French Canadian soldier who fought on the U.S. side of the American Revolutionary War serving in Moses Hazen 's 2nd Canadian Regiment of the Continental Army .
org:founded(e1,e2)	AECL	2002	The AECL was created by an act of federal parliament in 2002 as a statutory authority to replace the Rural Industries Research and Development Corporation as the peak egg body in the country .
per:title(e1,e2)	William Pugsley	politician	William Pugsley PC QC ( September 27 1850 March 3 1925 ) was a politician and lawyer in New Brunswick Canada .
org:top_members/employees(e1,e2)	The Moody Blues	Ray Thomas	Legend of a Mind is a song by the British progressive rock band The Moody Blues and was written by the band's flautist Ray Thomas who provides the lead vocals .
per:title(e2,e1)	artist	Joe Petagno	However Cacophonous simply released Kongsblod after changing the cover to a painting by the American fantasy artist Joe Petagno and the name was changed to The Return of the Black Death .
org:top_members/employees(e2,e1)	Edmund C. Lynch	Merrill Lynch	Charles Edward Merrill ( October 19 1885 October 6 1956 ) was an American philanthropist stockbroker and co-founder with Edmund C. Lynch of Merrill Lynch Company ( previously called Charles E. Merrill Co. ) .
per:title(e2,e1)	singer	Syreeta Wright	The song Shelter in the Rain was in tribute to his first wife singer Syreeta Wright who died of cancer the year before this album was released .
org:members(e1,e2)	Iran	Saipa	Iran 's other entry reigning league champion Saipa managed a 1-1 draw at Al Kuwait in Group B which Iraq's Al Quwa Al Jawiya moved atop with a 1-0 victory at the Emirates ' Al Wasl .
org:founded_by(e2,e1)	Amos Kendall	Gallaudet University	William Stickney ( April 11 1827 October 13 1881 ) was the son-in-law of Amos Kendall a co-founder of the Columbia Institution for the Deaf a grammar school in Washington DC which became Gallaudet University .
per:title(e2,e1)	director	Tod Browning	As an assistant director he worked on Tod Browning 's Dracula ( 1931 ) and Robert Florey's '' Murders in the Rue Morgue ' ( 1932 ) .
per:alternate_names(e2,e1)	Lashley	Bobby Lashley	However during that time Bolin Services began to crumble with Lashley refusing to help Doane win matches resulting in him turning face and going by his Bobby Lashley name .
org:top_members/employees(e2,e1)	Joshua Greene	Wine Spirits	His inaugural U.S. wines received positive reviews from James Laube of the Wine Spectator Joshua Greene of Wine Spirits and L. Pierce Carson of the Napa Valley Register among others .
org:city_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Portland	University of Portland	In November 2005 the CAE performed by invitation at the gala opening of the Lewis and Clark National Bicentennial Exhibition In addition to presenting a four-concert season each year the Choral Arts Ensemble frequently collaborates with other Portland ensembles including the Oregon Renaissance Band the University of Portland Singers Pioneer Brass and musicians such as Richard Zeller and Thomas M. Lauderdale of the Portland band Pink Martini .
per:title(e2,e1)	director	Norton	The writer Angus MacLachlan ( Junebug ) and the director John Curran ( The Painted Veil in which Norton starred ) bank on your familiarity with genre conventions and they count on your expectations of what happens when those conventions are deployed in a movie that looks and talks as tough as this one .
org:members(e1,e2)	league	Hamburg Sea Devils	The Scottish Claymores one of the 3 teams added to the league in 1995 were also discontinued with their replacements the Hamburg Sea Devils being established for the 2005 season .
per:title(e2,e1)	Prime Minister	Lee Kuan Yew	Singapore's first Prime Minister Lee Kuan Yew is the only person who has held this post from 12 August 2004 to 21 May 2011 .
per:title(e2,e1)	Prime Minister	Recep Tayyip Erdo?a	The target of the first protest was the possible presidential candidacy of the current Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdo?a n ( the outcome of which will be determined by the Turkish Grand National Assembly ( unless the recent modifications on the constitution become ratified on time ) in which Erdo?an's Justice and Development Party ( AKP ) has a healthy majority ) .
org:city_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Boston	Northeastern University	It's really a shame that Imus's enabler is getting a shot at being a local host in Boston and I really hope it does n't pan out said Dan Kennedy who teaches journalism at Northeastern University .
org:city_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Alice	University of Fort Hare	At the foot of the mountains in the town of Alice is the campus of the University of Fort Hare .
org:top_members/employees(e2,e1)	Jr.	Versus	Meanwhile Wally Dallenbach Jr. joined the Versus broadcast team following the merger of Versus ' owner Comcast with NBCUniversal replacing Robbie Buhl .
per:title(e2,e1)	King	George I of Great Britain	Handel began the work in Venice in 1709 but completed it in Hanover after arriving in 1710 to take up his appointment as Kapellmeister to the Elector the later King George I of Great Britain .
org:city_of_headquarters(e2,e1)	Sydney	Grace Bros	Sydney 's major Grace Bros was located on Broadway .
per:title(e2,e1)	Emperor	Constantine IV	It was not until the reign of Pope Leo II ( 682 83 ) that the independence of the See of Ravenna was suppressed : Emperor Constantine IV revoked the edict of Constans and confirmed the ancient rights of the Roman See over the See of Ravenna .
per:country_of_birth(e2,e1)	Iran	Shapour Bakhtiar	Vakili Rad was convicted of the assassination in France of Iran 's exiled Prime Minister Shapour Bakhtiar in 1991 and was sentenced to life imprisonment in December 1994 by a French court .
per:country_of_birth(e2,e1)	Macedonia	Branko Crvenkovski	After the President of Macedonia Branko Crvenkovski decided to pull himself out of the negotiations by recalling Nikola Dimitrov the Prime Minister of Macedonia Nikola Gruevski asked Ambassador Jolevski to take over the negotiations of the Macedonia naming dispute with Greece that are going on for 17 years .
per:country_of_birth(e2,e1)	Canada	Stephen Harper	He was appointed to the Senate of Canada on January 17 2012 by Stephen Harper and represents the Senate division of Victoria ( Quebec ) .
org:members(e1,e2)	VPA	Air Force	The VPA includes : Ground Force ( including Strategic Rear Forces ) Navy Air Force Vietnam Border Defense Force and Vietnam Marine Police .
per:country_of_birth(e2,e1)	United States	James Buchanan	He declined appointment as United States Attorney for the Northern District of Ohio tendered by President James Buchanan .
org:members(e1,e2)	California	California Highway Patrol	The accident took place in Bishop near Los Angeles Monday night when a van carrying athletes from California Baptist University in Riverside was struck by a Ford SUV traveling in the opposite direction according to the California Highway Patrol ( CHP ) .
org:members(e1,e2)	Olympiakos Nicosia	Cypriot Second Division	When he left in 2010 something that underlies his good team building skills for a bigger challenge in his career with Olympiakos Nicosia Doxa was relegated back to the Cypriot Second Division .
per:country_of_birth(e2,e1)	n Republika Srpsk	f Radovan Karad?	On February 23 2007 was briefly questioned by the police i n Republika Srpsk a after visiting the family o f Radovan Karad? i? a fugitive accused of war crimes in Bosnia and Herzegovina during the Bosnian War .
org:members(e1,e2)	Division I	Milwaukee Panthers	He went on to play college soccer for the NCAA Division I University of Wisconsin Milwaukee Panthers in the Horizon League where as a striker he became the school's all-time scoring leader with 53 goals and 32 assists from 1990 to 1993 .
org:members(e1,e2)	National League	Southampton Saints	Lea Bridge were a British speedway team that existed from 1928 to 1939 They first competed in the Southern League in 1929 and were based at Lea Bridge Stadium Leyton London When they entered the National League ( 1932 1964 ) | National League in 1932 they took over from Southampton Saints | Southampton and were known as Clapton Saints .
org:members(e1,e2)	NATO	Joint Command Lisbon	It is one of three operational level commands in the NATO command structure the others being Allied Joint Force Command Naples Italy and Allied Joint Command Lisbon Portugal .
org:members(e1,e2)	Colleges of the Fenway	Simmons College	The college is Roman Catholic founded by the Sisters of Notre Dame de Namur.Best Colleges | Find the Best College for You | US News Education It is also a member of the Colleges of the Fenway consortium which also includes neighboring Massachusetts College of Art and Design Massachusetts College of Pharmacy and Health Sciences Simmons College Wentworth Institute of Technology and Wheelock College.Colleges of the Fenway At the undergraduate level Emmanuel offers over 40 majors minors and concentrations in the liberal arts and sciences .
org:members(e1,e2)	Russian Federation	Russian Navy	To get a background check from the Russian Federation takes up to and over a year even if your a Doctor in the Russian Navy .
org:members(e1,e2)	Texas Christian University	TCU Horned Frogs	Holaday transferred to Texas Christian University ( TCU ) before his sophomore season becoming the starting catcher for the TCU Horned Frogs baseball team .
org:members(e1,e2)	Premier League	Sheffield Tigers	Kyle Hughes ( born 15 June 1989 ) is a British motorcycle speedway rider who has raced in the Premier League with Sheffield Tigers Plymouth Devils and Leicester Lions .
org:members(e1,e2)	NCAA	Virginia Wesleyan College	Old Dominion Monarchs and the Norfolk State Spartans play in NCAA Division I while the Virginia Wesleyan College 's Marlins play in NCAA Division III .
org:members(e1,e2)	Eredivisie	PSV Eindhoven	Dutch soccer premier league ( Eredivisie ) champions PSV Eindhoven announced on Monday it had signed striker Stefan Nijland from fellow Eredivisie side FC Groningen on a five-year contract for an undisclosed fee .
